Foreword
========

This Technical Specification has been produced by the 3rd Generation
Partnership Project (3GPP).

The contents of the present document are subject to continuing work
within the TSG and may change following formal TSG approval. Should the
TSG modify the contents of the present document, it will be re-released
by the TSG with an identifying change of release date and an increase in
version number as follows:

Version x.y.z

where:

x the first digit:

1 presented to TSG for information;

2 presented to TSG for approval;

3 or greater indicates TSG approved document under change control.

y the second digit is incremented for all changes of substance, i.e.
technical enhancements, corrections, updates, etc.

z the third digit is incremented when editorial only changes have been
incorporated in the document.

In the present document, modal verbs have the following meanings:

**shall** indicates a mandatory requirement to do something

**shall not** indicates an interdiction (prohibition) to do something

The constructions \"shall\" and \"shall not\" are confined to the
context of normative provisions, and do not appear in Technical Reports.

The constructions \"must\" and \"must not\" are not used as substitutes
for \"shall\" and \"shall not\". Their use is avoided insofar as
possible, and they are not used in a normative context except in a
direct citation from an external, referenced, non-3GPP document, or so
as to maintain continuity of style when extending or modifying the
provisions of such a referenced document.

**should** indicates a recommendation to do something

**should not** indicates a recommendation not to do something

**may** indicates permission to do something

**need not** indicates permission not to do something

The construction \"may not\" is ambiguous and is not used in normative
elements. The unambiguous constructions \"might not\" or \"shall not\"
are used instead, depending upon the meaning intended.

**can** indicates that something is possible

**cannot** indicates that something is impossible

The constructions \"can\" and \"cannot\" are not substitutes for \"may\"
and \"need not\".

**will** indicates that something is certain or expected to happen as a
result of action taken by an agency the behaviour of which is outside
the scope of the present document

**will not** indicates that something is certain or expected not to
happen as a result of action taken by an agency the behaviour of which
is outside the scope of the present document

**might** indicates a likelihood that something will happen as a result
of action taken by some agency the behaviour of which is outside the
scope of the present document

**might not** indicates a likelihood that something will not happen as a
result of action taken by some agency the behaviour of which is outside
the scope of the present document

In addition:

**is** (or any other verb in the indicative mood) indicates a statement
of fact

**is not** (or any other negative verb in the indicative mood) indicates
a statement of fact

The constructions \"is\" and \"is not\" do not indicate requirements.

The present document is part 1 of a multi-part deliverable covering the
5G System (5GS) User Equipment (UE) protocol conformance specification,
as identified below:

\- **3GPP TS 38.523-1: \"5GS; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Part 1: Protocol\"** (the present document).

\- 3GPP TS 38.523-2 \[2\]: \"5GS; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Part 2: Applicability of protocol test cases\".

\- 3GPP TS 38.523-3 \[3\]: \"5GS; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Part 3: Protocol Test Suites\".

 1 Scope
=======

The present document specifies the protocol conformance testing for the
3GPP UE connecting to the 5G System (5GS) via its radio interface(s).

The following information can be found in the present document (first
part of a multi-part test specification):

\- the overall test structure;

\- the test configurations;

\- the conformance requirement and references to the core
specifications;

\- the test purposes; and

\- a brief description of the test procedure, the specific test
requirements and short message exchange table.

The applicability of the individual test cases is specified in the ICS
proforma specification (3GPP TS 38.523‑2 \[2\]). The Test Suites are
specified in part 3 (3GPP TS 38.523‑3 \[3\]).

The present document is valid for UE implemented according to 3GPP
Releases starting from Release 15 up to the Release indicated on the
cover page of the present document.

2 References
============

The following documents contain provisions which, through reference in
this text, constitute provisions of the present document.

\- References are either specific (identified by date of publication,
edition number, version number, etc.) or non‑specific.

\- For a specific reference, subsequent revisions do not apply.

\- For a non-specific reference, the latest version applies. In the case
of a reference to a 3GPP document (including a GSM document), a
non-specific reference implicitly refers to the latest version of that
document *in the same Release as the present document*.

\[1\] 3GPP TR 21.905: \"Vocabulary for 3GPP Specifications\".

\[2\] 3GPP TS 38.523-2: \"5GS; UE conformance specification; Part 2:
Implementation Conformance Statement (ICS) proforma specification\".

\[3\] 3GPP TS 38.523-3: \"5GS; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Part 3: Protocol Test Suites\".

\[4\] 3GPP TS 38.508-1: \"5GS; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Part 1: Common test environment\".

\[5\] 3GPP TS 38.508-2: \"5GS; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Part 2: Common Implementation Conformance Statement (ICS)
proforma\"

\[6\] 3GPP TS 38.509: \"5GS; Special conformance testing functions for
User Equipment (UE)\".

\[7\] 3GPP TS 36.508: \"Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA) and Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access (E-UTRAN);
Common Test Environments for User Equipment (UE) Conformance Testing\".

\[8\] 3GPP TS 36.509: \"Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA) and Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access Network
(E-UTRAN); Special conformance testing functions for User Equipment
(UE)\".

\[9\] 3GPP TS 38.113: \"New Radio (NR); Requirements for support of
radio resource management\".

\[10\] 3GPP TS 36.133: \"Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA); Requirements for support of radio resource management\".

\[11\] 3GPP TS 36.331: \"Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA); Radio Resource Control (RRC); Protocol specification\".

\[12\] 3GPP TS 38.331: \"NR; Radio Resource Control (RRC) protocol
specification\".

\[13\] 3GPP TS 36.523-1: \"Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA) and Evolved Packet Core (EPC); User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Part 1: Protocol conformance specification\".

\[14\] 3GPP TS 38.212: \"NR; Multiplexing and channel coding\".

\[15\] 3GPP TS 38.214: \"NR; Physical layer procedures for data\".

\[16\] 3GPP TS 38.101-1: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission
and reception; Part 1: Range 1 Standalone\".

\[17\] 3GPP TS 38.101-2: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission
and reception; Part 2: Range 2 Standalone\".

\[18\] 3GPP TS 38.321: \"NR; Medium Access Control (MAC) protocol
specification\".

\[19\] 3GPP TS 38.323: \"NR; Packet Data Convergence Protocol (PDCP)
specification\".

\[20\] 3GPP TS 33.501: \"Security Architecture and Procedures for 5G
System \".

\[21\] 3GPP TS 24.301: \"Non-Access-Stratum (NAS) protocol for Evolved
Packet System (EPS); Stage 3\".

\[22\] 3GPP TS 24.501: \"Non-Access-Stratum (NAS) protocol for 5G System
(5GS); Stage 3\"

\[23\] 3GPP TS 38.306: \"NR: User Equipment (UE) radio access
capabilities\"\[24\] 3GPP TS 38.211: \"NR; Physical channels and
modulation\".

\[25\] 3GPP TS 36.523-3: \"Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA) and Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access (E-UTRAN); User
Equipment (UE) conformance specification; Part 3: Abstract Test Suites
(ATS)\".

\[26\] 3GPP TS 38.300: \"NR; NR and NG-RAN Overall Description; Stage
2\".

\[27\] 3GPP TS 38.322: \"NR; Radio Link Control (RLC) protocol
specification\".

\[28\] 3GPP TS 37.340: \"NR; Multi-connectivity; Overall description;
Stage-2\".

\[29\] 3GPP TS 36.523-2: \" Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA) and Evolved Packet Core (EPC); User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Part 2: Implementation Conformance Statement (ICS)
proforma specification\".

\[30\] 3GPP TS 38.133: \" NR; Requirements for support of radio resource
management\".

\[31\] 3GPP TS 23.502: \"Procedures for the 5G System; Stage 2\".

\[32\] IETF RFC 7296: \"Internet Key Exchange Protocol Version 2
(IKEv2)\".

\[33\] 3GPP TS 24.502: \"Access to the 3GPP 5G Core Network (5GCN) via
Non-3GPP Access Networks (N3AN); Stage 3\"

\[34\] 3GPP TS 23.003: \"Numbering, addressing and identification\"

\[35\] 3GPP TS 34.229-1: \"Internet Protocol (IP) multimedia call
control protocol based on Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) and Session
Description Protocol (SDP); User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Part 1: Protocol conformance specification\".

\[36\] 3GPP TS 31.102: \"Characteristics of the Universal Subscriber
Identity Module (USIM) application\".

\[37\] 3GPP TS 23.501: \"System Architecture for the 5G System; Stage
2\".

\[38\] 3GPP TS 23.122: \"Non-Access-Stratum functions related to Mobile
Station (MS) in idle mode\".

\[39\] GSMA PRD IR.88: \"LTE and EPC Roaming Guidelines\".

\[40\] 3GPP TS 27.007: \"AT command set for User Equipment (UE)\".

\[41\] 3GPP TS 34.229-5: \"Internet Protocol (IP) multimedia call
control protocol based on Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) and Session
Description Protocol (SDP); User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Part 5: Protocol conformance specification using 5G
System (5GS)\".

\[42\] 3GPP TS 22.101: \"Service aspects; Service principles\".

\[43\] 3GPP TS 24.008: \"Mobile radio interface Layer 3 specification;
Core network protocols; Stage 3\".

\[44\] 3GPP TS 24.229: \"IP Multimedia Call Control Protocol based on
Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) and Session Description Protocol
(SDP); Stage 3\".

\[45\] 3GPP TS 24.193: \"5G System; Access Traffic Steering, Switching
and Splitting (ATSSS); Stage 3\".

3 Definitions, symbols and abbreviations
========================================

3.1 Definitions
---------------

For the purposes of the present document, the terms and definitions
given in TR 21.905 \[1\], specifications referred to in the tests\'
Conformance requirements clauses and the following apply. A term defined
in the present document takes precedence.

**Floor**: Floor(x) is the largest integer smaller than or equal to x.

**Ceil**: Ceil (x) is the smallest integer larger than or equal to x.

3.2 Symbols
-----------

For the purposes of the present document, symbols defined in
specifications referred to in the tests\' Conformance requirements
clauses and the following apply. A symbol defined in the present
document takes precedence.

None.

3.3 Abbreviations
-----------------

For the purposes of the present document, the abbreviations given in
TR 21.905 \[1\]\], specifications referred to in the tests\' Conformance
requirements clauses and the following apply. An abbreviation defined in
the present document takes precedence.

ICS Implementation Conformance Statement

FFS For Further Study

4 Overview
==========

4.1 Test methodology
--------------------

### 4.1.1 Testing of optional functions and procedures

Any function or procedure which is optional, as indicated in the present
document may be subject to a conformance test if it is implemented in
the UE.

A declaration by the apparatus supplier (ICS) is used to determine
whether an optional function/procedure has been implemented.

### 4.1.2 Test interfaces and facilities

Detailed descriptions of the UE test interfaces and special facilities
for testing are provided in TS 38.509 \[6\].

4.2 Implicit testing
--------------------

For some 3GPP signalling and protocol features conformance is not
verified explicitly in the present document. This does not imply that
correct functioning of these features is not essential, but that these
are implicitly tested to a sufficient degree in other tests.

Implicit testing of 5GS requirements may be done also in tests specified
in other 3GPP conformance test specifications. For clarity these are
listed below:

\- Indication for support of EN-DC: if the UE supports E-UTRA-NR dual
connectivity, then the UE shall set the DCNR bit to \"dual connectivity
with NR supported\" in the UE network capability IE of the ATTACH
REQUEST/TRACKING AREA UPDATE REQUEST message; verified implicitly (the
setting of the DCNR bit to 1) by tests specified in TS 36.523-1 \[13\].

NOTE 1: It is assumed that a UE supporting EN-DC will support EPS
(legacy LTE) and therefore it will be tested against all relevant legacy
LTE tests.

4.3 Repetition of tests
-----------------------

As a general rule, the test cases specified in the present document are
highly reproducible and don\'t need to be repeated unless otherwise
stated. However, the rate of correct UE behaviour such as cell
re-selection, measurement and handover is specified statistically, e.g.
\"at least 90%\" \[8\], \[9\]. Additionally, in some of the test cases,
presented in TS 38.523-3 \[3\], HARQ retransmissions are not tolerated,
because of characteristics of the test case. In such cases a repetition
of test may be required. Details are FFS.

4.4 Handling of differences between conformance requirements in different releases of core specifications
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The conformance requirements which determine the scope of each test case
are explicitly copy-pasted from relevant core specifications in the
especially dedicated for this clause of each test with the title
\'Conformance requirements\'.

NOTE: When in the copy/pasted text there are references to other
specifications the reference numbers will not match the reference
numbers used in the present document. This approach has been taken in
order to allow easy copy and then search for conformance requirements in
those specifications.

When differences between conformance requirements in different releases
of the core specifications have impact on the Pre-test conditions, Test
procedure sequence or/and the Specific message contents, the Conformance
requirements related to different releases are specified separately with
clear indication of the Release of the spec from which they were copied.

When there is no Release indicated for a conformance requirement text,
this should be understood either as the Conformance requirements in the
latest version of the spec with release = the TC Applicability release
(which can be found in the column \'Release\' for the relevant for the
test case entry in the tables in TS 38.523-2 \[2\], subclause 4.1, or,
as the Conformance requirements in the latest version of the spec of the
release when the feature was introduced to the core specs.

5 Reference conditions, generic and test procedures, test parameters
====================================================================

5.1 Reference conditions
------------------------

The reference environments used by all signalling tests in the present
document are specified in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]. If a test requires an
environment that is different to those specified in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
then, this shall be specified in the test itself.

5.2 Generic and test procedures
-------------------------------

A set of basic generic procedures for bringing the UE into a specific
signalling state, as well as test procedures comprising well defined
actions after the UE enters a specific state are specified in TS
38.508-1 \[4\]. These procedures are used (referred to) in numerous test
cases throughout the present document.

5.3 Test parameters
-------------------

### 5.3.1 PLMNs

PLMN identifiers such as PLMN1, PLMN2, etc. are used in test cases to
associate a cell with an MCC and MNC for that cell.

Whenever a PLMN identifier is provided explicitly in a test description
without explicit MCC and MNC values, the MCC and MNC values
corresponding to the PLMN identifier shall be understood as those
specified in TS 36.523-1 \[42\], Table 6.0.1-1.

If no PLMN is explicitly specified in the test then the PLMN(s)
specified for the relevant cell(s) in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] (NR cells) or
36.508 \[2\] (E-UTRA cells) apply. If no PLMN is explicitly specified in
the test nor in the TS 38.508-1 \[4\] (NR cells) or 36.508 \[2\] (E-UTRA
cells) for the used in the test cell(s) then the PLMN used in the test
is the one defined as PLMN1 in TS 36.523-1 \[42\], Table 6.0.1-1.

### 5.3.2 Cells

Cell identifiers such as NR Cell 1 and NGC Cell A (for NR cells), or
Cell 1 and Cell A (for E-UTRA cells). are used in test cases to
associate a cell with various parameters.

Cells used in the tests throughout the present document are defined in
TS 38.508-1 \[4\], subclauses 4.4.2 and 6.3.2.2 for NR cells, and TS
36.508 \[2\], subclauses 4.4.2 and 6.3.2 for E-UTRA cells respectively.
Signal levels for signalling tests are defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\],
subclause 6.2.2 and TS 36.508 \[2\], subclause 6.2.2.

Associated with the Cells used in the test cases are a number of
parameters e.g. Tracing Area Identifiers (TAIs) such as TAI-1, TAI-2,
etc., specific MCC and MNC values for the simulated PLMN, etc. For
Default NAS parameters for simulated NR cells and Simulated network
scenarios for NAS test cases for 5GS these are defined in TS 38.508-1
\[4\], subclauses 4.4.2 and 6.3.2.1 respectfully. Similarly such
parameters are defined in TS 36.508 \[2\] for E-UTRA cells.

Whenever a Cell identifier is provided explicitly in a test description
without explicit definition of parameters, the parameters values
corresponding to the Cell identifier shall be understood as those
specified in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] or TS 36.523-1 \[42\] respectively for
the cell with that identifier.

*Whenever a test in the present document requires cells characteristics,
e.g. power level settings, TAIs, MCC/MNC which differ to those specified
in* TS 38.508-1 \[4\] for NR cells or in TS 36.508 \[2\] for E-UTRA
cells then, these shall be specified explicitly in the test itself.

### 5.3.3 USIM

*Default USIM fields and* signalling test case specific USIM
Configurations *are specified in* TS 38.508-1 \[4\], subclause 6.4.

*Whenever a test in the present document does not provide an explicit
reference to a specific* USIM Configurations *specified in* TS 38.508-1
\[4\], subclause 6.4 then, the default parameters specified in TS
38.508-1 \[4\], subclause 4.8.3 shall be assumed.

*Whenever a test in the present document requires specific USIM settings
which do not exist in any of the defined* USIM Configurations in TS
38.508-1 \[4\], it is recommended that a new USIM Configuration is
defined and then the configuration is referred from the test. Defining
specific USIM setting within a test definition should be avoided.

### 5.3.4 Messages and Information Elements (IEs)

Default Messages and IE contents, and where applicable IE fields values,
used by the tests defined in the present document are specified in TS
38.508-1 \[4\], subclauses 4.6, 4.7 and 4.7A. For messages exchanged on
other RAT e.g. E-UTRAN/EPC these can be found in TS 36.508 \[2\].

If a test requires a message and/or IE contents and/or IE field value
which is different to those specified in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] then,
specific message content shall be specified in the test itself with a
derivation path referring to the relevant default message in TS 38.508-1
\[4\]. Whenever a specific message content is not explicitly provided in
a test then this shall be understood as the message having exactly the
same content as the default message specified in TS 38.508-1 \[4\].

NOTE: Similar rules apply to messages exchanged on other RATs and
defined elsewhere e.g. in TS 36.508 \[2\].

6 Idle mode and RRC Inactive state operations
=============================================

6.1 NR idle mode operations
---------------------------

### 6.1.1 NG-RAN Only PLMN Selection

#### 6.1.1.1 PLMN selection of RPLMN, HPLMN/EHPLMN, UPLMN and OPLMN / Automatic mode

##### 6.1.1.1.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp .H6}

##### (1) {#section .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic network selection mode **and** RPLMN, HPLMN,
UPLMN and OPLMN NR cells available **and** UE is fitted with a USIM
indicating RPLMN should be selected }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is switched on or return to coverage }

**then** { UE selects a cell of the RPLMN and UE attempts Registration
on the selected cell }

}

##### (2) {#section-1 .H6}

**with** { UE camped on an NG-RAN VPLMN cell and cells of a higher
priority NG-RAN PLMN available }

**ensure that** {

**when** { higher priority PLMN search timer T expires }

**then** { UE selects and camps on a cell of the highest priority PLMN
and UE attempts Registration with mobility on the selected cell }

}

##### (3) {#section-2 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic network selection mode **and** HPLMN, UPLMN
and OPLMN NG-RAN cells available **and** UE is fitted with a USIM with
Access Technology data files for each PLMN **and** there are no
equivalent HPLMNs defined}

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is switched on or return to coverage }

**then** { UE selects a cell of the highest priority PLMN and UE
attempts Registration with mobility on the selected cell }

}

##### (4) {#section-3 .H6}

**with** { UE camped on an NR VPLMN cell **and** cells of a NG-RAN HPLMN
available }

**ensure that** {

**when** { higher priority PLMN search timer T expires }

**then** { UE selects and camps on a cell of HPLMN and UE attempts
Registration on the selected cell }

}

##### 6.1.1.1.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 23.122 clauses 4.4.3.1, 4.4.3.1.1 and 4.4.3.3.1. Unless
otherwise stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.4.3.1\]

At switch on, or following recovery from lack of coverage, the MS
selects the registered PLMN or equivalent PLMN (if it is available)
using all access technologies that the MS is capable of and if necessary
(in the case of recovery from lack of coverage, see subclause 4.5.2)
attempts to perform a Location Registration.

NOTE 1: The MS in automatic network selection mode can end the PLMN
search procedure once the registered PLMN or equivalent PLMN is found on
an access technology.

NOTE 2: An MS in automatic network selection mode can use location
information to determine which PLMNs can be available in its present
location.

EXCEPTION: As an alternative option to this, if the MS is in automatic
network selection mode and it finds coverage of an EHPLMN, the MS may
register to that EHPLMN and not return to the registered PLMN or
equivalent PLMN. If the EHPLMN list is not present or is empty, and the
HPLMN is available, the MS may register on the HPLMN and not return to
the registered PLMN or equivalent PLMN. The operator shall be able to
control by SIM configuration whether an MS that supports this option is
permitted to perform this alternative behaviour.

EXCEPTION: In A/Gb mode an MS with voice capability, shall not search
for CPBCCH carriers. In A/Gb mode an MS not supporting packet services
shall not search for CPBCCH carriers.

If successful registration is achieved, the MS indicates the selected
PLMN.

If there is no registered PLMN, or if registration is not possible due
to the PLMN being unavailable or registration failure, the MS follows
one of the following two procedures depending on its PLMN selection
operating mode. At switch on, if the MS provides the optional feature of
user preferred PLMN selection operating mode at switch on then this
operating mode shall be used. Otherwise, the MS shall use the PLMN
selection mode that was used before switching off.

EXCEPTION: At switch on, if the MS is in manual mode and neither
registered PLMN nor PLMN that is equivalent to it is available but
EHPLMN is available, then instead of performing the manual network
selection mode procedure of subclause 4.4.3.1.2 the MS may select and
attempt registration on the highest priority EHPLMN. If the EHPLMN list
is not available or is empty and the HPLMN is available, then the MS may
select and attempt registration on the HPLMN. The MS shall remain in
manual mode.

NOTE 3: If successful registration is achieved, then the current serving
PLMN becomes the registered PLMN and the MS does not store the previous
registered PLMN for later use.

EXCEPTION: If registration is not possible on recovery from lack of
coverage due to the registered PLMN being unavailable, an MS attached to
GPRS services, attached via E-UTRAN or registered via the NG-RAN may,
optionally, continue looking for the registered PLMN for an
implementation dependent time.

NOTE 4: An MS attached to GPRS services, attached via E-UTRAN or
registered via the NG-RAN should use the above exception only if one or
more PDP contexts, PDN connections or PDU sessions are currently active.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.4.3.1.1\]

The MS selects and attempts registration on other PLMN/access technology
combinations, if available and allowable, in the following order:

i\) either the HPLMN (if the EHPLMN list is not present or is empty) or
the highest priority EHPLMN that is available (if the EHPLMN list is
present) ;

ii\) each PLMN/access technology combination in the \"User Controlled
PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file in the SIM (in priority
order);

iii\) each PLMN/access technology combination in the \"Operator
Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file in the SIM
(in priority order);

iv\) other PLMN/access technology combinations with received high
quality signal in random order;

v\) other PLMN/access technology combinations in order of decreasing
signal quality.

When following the above procedure the following requirements apply:

a\) An MS with voice capability shall ignore PLMNs for which the MS has
identified at least one GSM COMPACT.

b\) In A/Gb mode or GSM COMPACT, an MS with voice capability, or an MS
not supporting packet services shall not search for CPBCCH carriers.

c\) In ii and iii, the MS should limit its search for the PLMN to the
access technology or access technologies associated with the PLMN in the
appropriate PLMN Selector with Access Technology list (User Controlled
or Operator Controlled selector list).

> An MS using a SIM without access technology information storage (i.e.
> the \"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" and the
> \"Operator Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data
> files are not present) shall instead use the \"PLMN Selector\" data
> file, for each PLMN in the \"PLMN Selector\" data file, the MS shall
> search for all access technologies it is capable of. The priority
> ordering amongst the access technologies is implementation dependent.

d\) In iv and v, the MS shall search for all access technologies it is
capable of, before deciding which PLMN to select.

e\) In ii, and iii, a packet only MS which supports GSM COMPACT, but
using a SIM without access technology information storage (i.e. the
\"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" and the
\"Operator Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data files
are not present) shall instead use the \"PLMN Selector\" data file, for
each PLMN in the \"PLMN Selector\" data file, the MS shall search for
all access technologies it is capable of and shall assume GSM COMPACT
access technology as the lowest priority radio access technology.

f\) In i, the MS shall search for all access technologies it is capable
of. No priority is defined for the preferred access technology and the
priority is an implementation issue, but \"HPLMN Selector with Access
Technology\" data file on the SIM may be used to optimise the procedure.

g\) In i, an MS using a SIM without access technology information
storage (i.e. the \"HPLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file is
not present) shall search for all access technologies it is capable of.
The priority ordering amongst the access technologies is implementation
dependent. A packet only MS which supports GSM COMPACT using a SIM
without access technology information storage shall also assume GSM
COMPACT access technology as the lowest priority radio access
technology.

NOTE 1: For f) and g), the MS in automatic network selection mode can
end the PLMN search procedure once the HPLMN or the highest priority
EHPLMN is found on an access technology.

NOTE 2: For i, ii and iii, the MS can use location information to
determine which PLMNs can be available in its present location.

> h\) In v, the MS shall order the PLMN/access technology combinations
> in order of decreasing signal quality within each access technology.
> The order between PLMN/access technology combinations with different
> access technologies is an MS implementation issue.

NOTE 3: Requirements a) and b) apply also to requirement d), so a GSM
voice capable MS should not search for GSM COMPACT PLMNs, even if
capable of GSM COMPACT.

> NOTE 4: Requirements a) and b) apply also to requirement f), so a GSM
> voice capable MS should not search for GSM COMPACT PLMNs, even if this
> is the only access technology on the \"HPLMN Selector with Access
> Technology\" data file on the SIM.

NOTE 5: High quality signal is defined in the appropriate AS
specification.

i\) In i to v, the MS shall not consider PLMNs where voice service was
not possible as PLMN selection candidate, unless such PLMN is available
in GERAN or UTRAN or no other allowed PLMN is available.

j\) In i to v, if the MS only supports EMM-REGISTERED without PDN
connection (see TS 24.301 \[23A\]), the MS shall not consider PLMNs
which do not advertise support of EMM-REGISTERED without PDN connection.

k\) In i to v, if the MS only supports control plane Cot EPS
optimization (see TS 24.301 \[23A\]) and the UE camps on a E-UTRA cell
which is not NB-IoT cell (see TS 36.304 \[43\], TS 36.331 \[22\]), the
MS shall not consider PLMNs which do not advertise support of EPS
services with control plane CIoT EPS optimization.

l\) In i to v, if the MS is in eCall only mode, the MS shall not
consider PLMNs which do not advertise support for eCall over IMS, unless
such PLMNs are available in GERAN or UTRAN.

> NOTE 6: As an implementation option, an MS in eCall only mode that was
> not able to select any PLMN according to l) can perform a second
> iteration of i to v with no restriction.

If successful registration is achieved, the MS indicates the selected
PLMN.

If registration cannot be achieved because no PLMNs are available and
allowable, the MS indicates \"no service\" to the user, waits until a
new PLMN is available and allowable and then repeats the procedure.

If there were one or more PLMNs which were available and allowable, but
an LR failure made registration on those PLMNs unsuccessful or an entry
in any of the lists \"forbidden location areas for roaming\",
\"forbidden tracking areas for roaming\", \"5GS forbidden tracking areas
for roaming\", \"forbidden location areas for regional provision of
service\", \"forbidden tracking areas for regional provision of
service\" or \"5GS forbidden tracking areas for regional provision of
service\" prevented a registration attempt, the MS selects the first
such PLMN again and enters a limited service state.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.4.3.3.1\]

If the MS is in a VPLMN, the MS shall periodically attempt to obtain
service on its HPLMN (if the EHPLMN list is not present or is empty) or
one of its EHPLMNs (if the EHPLMN list is present) or a higher priority
PLMN/access technology combinations listed in \"user controlled PLMN
selector\" or \"operator controlled PLMN selector\" by scanning in
accordance with the requirements that are applicable to i), ii) and iii)
as defined in the Automatic Network Selection Mode in subclause
4.4.3.1.1. In the case that the mobile has a stored \"Equivalent PLMNs\"
list the mobile shall only select a PLMN if it is of a higher priority
than those of the same country as the current serving PLMN which are
stored in the \"Equivalent PLMNs\" list. For this purpose, a value of
timer T may be stored in the SIM. The interpretation of the stored value
depends on the radio capabilities supported by the MS:

> \- For an MS that does not support any of the following: EC-GSM-IoT,
> Category M1 or Category NB1 (as defined in TS 36.306 \[54\]), T is
> either in the range 6 minutes to 8 hours in 6 minute steps or it
> indicates that no periodic attempts shall be made. If no value for T
> is stored in the SIM, a default value of 60 minutes is used for T.
>
> \- For an MS that only supports any of the following or a combination
> of: EC-GSM-IoT, Category M1 or Category NB1 (as defined in
> TS 36.306 \[54\]), T is either in the range 2 hours to 240 hours,
> using 2 hour steps from 2 hours to 80 hours and 4 hour steps from
> 84 hours to 240 hours, or it indicates that no periodic attempts shall
> be made. If no value for T is stored in the SIM, a default value of 72
> hours is used.
>
> \- For an MS that supports both:
>
> a\) any of the following or a combination of: EC-GSM-IoT, Category M1
> or Category NB1 (as defined in 3GPP TS 36.306 \[54\]); and
>
> b\) any access technology other than the following: EC-GSM-IoT,
> Category M1 or Category NB1 (as defined in 3GPP TS 36.306 \[54\]),
>
> then T is interpreted depending on the access technology in use as
> specified below:
>
> 1\) if the MS is using any of the following at the time of starting
> timer T: EC-GSM-IoT, Category M1 or Category NB1 (as defined in
> 3GPP TS 36.306 \[54\]), T is either in the range 2 hours to 240 hours,
> using 2 hour steps from 2 hours to 80 hours and 4 hour steps from
> 84 hours to 240 hours, or it indicates that no periodic attempts shall
> be made. If no value for T is stored in the SIM, a default value of 72
> hours is used; and
>
> 2\) if the MS is not using any of the following at the time of
> starting timer T: EC-GSM-IoT, Category M1 or Category NB1 (as defined
> in 3GPP TS 36.306 \[54\]), T is either in the range 6 minutes to 8
> hours in 6 minute steps or it indicates that no periodic attempts
> shall be made. If no value for T is stored in the SIM, a default value
> of 60 minutes is used for T.

If the MS is configured with the MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer as specified
in 3GPP TS 24.368 \[50\] or 3GPP TS 31.102 \[40\], the MS shall not use
a value for T that is less than the MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer. If the
value stored in the SIM, or the default value for T (when no value is
stored in the SIM), is less than the MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer, then T
shall be set to the MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer.

The MS does not stop timer T, as described in 3GPP TS 24.008 \[23\] and
3GPP TS 24.301 \[23A\], when it activates power saving mode (PSM) (see
3GPP TS 23.682 \[27A\]).

The MS can be configured for Fast First Higher Priority PLMN search as
specified in 3GPP TS 31.102 \[40\] or 3GPP TS 24.368 \[50\]. Fast First
Higher Priority PLMN search is enabled if the corresponding
configuration parameter is present and set to enabled. Otherwise, Fast
First Higher Priority PLMN search is disabled.

The attempts to access the HPLMN or an EHPLMN or higher priority PLMN
shall be as specified below:

> a\) The periodic attempts shall only be performed in automatic mode
> when the MS is roaming, and not while the MS is attached for emergency
> bearer services, is registered for emergency services, has a PDU
> session for emergency services or has a PDN connection for emergency
> bearer services;
>
> b\) The MS shall make the first attempt after a period of at least
> 2 minutes and at most T minutes:
>
> \- only after switch on if Fast First Higher Priority PLMN search is
> disabled; or
>
> \- after switch on or upon selecting a VPLMN if Fast First Higher
> Priority PLMN search is enabled.
>
> c\) The MS shall make the following attempts if the MS is on the VPLMN
> at time T after the last attempt;
>
> d\) Periodic attempts shall only be performed by the MS while in idle
> mode;
>
> d1) Periodic attempts may be postponed while the MS is in power saving
> mode (PSM) (see 3GPP TS 23.682 \[27A\]).
>
> d2) Periodic attempts may be postponed while the MS is receiving eMBMS
> transport service in idle mode (see 3GPP TS 23.246 \[68\]).
>
> e\) If the HPLMN (if the EHPLMN list is not present or is empty) or a
> EHPLMN (if the list is present) or a higher priority PLMN is not
> found, the MS shall remain on the VPLMN.
>
> f\) In steps i), ii) and iii) of subclause 4.4.3.1.1 the MS shall
> limit its attempts to access higher priority PLMN/access technology
> combinations to PLMN/access technology combinations of the same
> country as the current serving VPLMN, as defined in Annex B.
>
> g\) Only the priority levels of Equivalent PLMNs of the same country
> as the current serving VPLMN, as defined in Annex B, shall be taken
> into account to compare with the priority level of a selected PLMN.

h\) If the PLMN of the highest priority PLMN/access technology
combination available is the current VPLMN, or one of the PLMNs in the
\"Equivalent PLMNs\" list, the MS shall remain on the current
PLMN/access technology combination.

##### 6.1.1.1.3 Test description {#test-description .H6}

##### 6.1.1.1.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator .H6}

\- Four multi-PLMN NR Cells as specified in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table
4.4.2.1 are configured broadcasting PLMNs as indicated in Table
6.1.1.1.3.1-1.

\- The PLMNs are identified in the test by the identifiers in Table
6.1.1.1.3.1-1 and the PLMN settings are defined in TS 36.523-1 \[13\]
table 6.0.1-1.

Table 6.1.1.1.3.1-1: PLMN identifiers

  NR Cell   PLMN name
  --------- -----------
  1         PLMN1
  12        PLMN15
  13        PLMN16
  2         PLMN17

All NR cells are high quality

All NR cells are suitable cells;

System information combination NR-1 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells

##### UE: {#ue .H6}

The UE is in Automatic PLMN selection mode.

USIM configuration as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.4.1-1 will be
loaded except for PLMN identifiers in Table 6.1.1.1.3.1-1.

##### Preamble: {#preamble .H6}

\- The UE is registered to NR Cell 12 and then Switched OFF (State 0N-B)
as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-0.

##### 6.1.1.1.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence .H6}

Table 6.1.1.1.3.2-1 for FR1 and Table 6.1.1.1.3.2-2 for FR2 illustrates
the downlink power levels and other changing parameters to be applied
for the cells at various time instants of the test execution. Row marked
\"T0\" denotes the initial conditions after preamble, while rows marked
\"T1\", \"T2\" and \"T3\" are to be applied subsequently in the Main
behaviour. The exact instants on which these values shall be applied are
described in the texts in this clause.

> Table 6.1.1.1.3.2-1: Cell configuration changes over time for FR1

+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|    | Para  | Unit  | NR    | NR    | NR    | NR    | Re    |
|    | meter |       | Cell  | Cell  | Cell  | Cell  | marks |
|    |       |       | 1     | 12    | 13    | 2     |       |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T0 | SS    | dB    | \"    | -88   | \"    | \"    | Power |
|    | /PBCH | m/SCS | Off\" |       | Off\" | Off\" | level |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | "Off" |
|    | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
|    | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | in TS |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 38.   |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 508-1 |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | Table |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6.2.  |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2.1-3 |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T1 | SS    | dB    | -88   | -88   | -88   | \"    | Power |
|    | /PBCH | m/SCS |       |       |       | Off\" | level |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | "Off" |
|    | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
|    | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | in TS |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 38.   |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 508-1 |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | Table |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6.2.  |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2.1-3 |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T2 | SS    | dB    | \"    | -88   | -88   | \"    | Power |
|    | /PBCH | m/SCS | Off\" |       |       | Off\" | level |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | "Off" |
|    | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
|    | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | in TS |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 38.   |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 508-1 |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | Table |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6.2.  |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2.1-3 |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T3 | SS    | dB    | \"    | -88   | -88   | -88   | Power |
|    | /PBCH | m/SCS | Off\" |       |       |       | level |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | "Off" |
|    | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
|    | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | in TS |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 38.   |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 508-1 |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | Table |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6.2.  |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2.1-3 |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

> Table 6.1.1.1.3.2-2: Cell configuration changes over time for FR2

+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|    | Para  | Unit  | NR    | NR    | NR    | NR    | Re    |
|    | meter |       | Cell  | Cell  | Cell  | Cell  | marks |
|    |       |       | 1     | 12    | 13    | 2     |       |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T0 | SS    | dB    | "Off" | -82   | "Off" | "Off" | Power |
|    | /PBCH | m/SCS |       |       |       |       | level |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | "Off" |
|    | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
|    | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | in TS |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 38.   |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 508-1 |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | Table |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6     |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | .2.2. |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2.2-2 |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T1 | SS    | dB    | -82   | -82   | -82   | "Off" | Power |
|    | /PBCH | m/SCS |       |       |       |       | level |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | "Off" |
|    | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
|    | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | in TS |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 38.   |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 508-1 |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | Table |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6     |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | .2.2. |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2.2-2 |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T2 | SS    | dB    | "Off" | -82   | -82   | "Off" | Power |
|    | /PBCH | m/SCS |       |       |       |       | level |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | "Off" |
|    | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
|    | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | in TS |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 38.   |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 508-1 |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | Table |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6     |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | .2.2. |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2.2-2 |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T3 | SS    | dB    | "Off" | -82   | -82   | -82   | Power |
|    | /PBCH | m/SCS |       |       |       |       | level |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | "Off" |
|    | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
|    | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | in TS |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 38.   |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 508-1 |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | Table |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6     |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | .2.2. |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2.2-2 |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 6.1.1.1.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| St        | Procedure | Message   | TP        | Verdict |    |
|           |           | Sequence  |           |         |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+=========+====+
|           |           | U - S     | Message   |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1         | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |         |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to row T1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.      |           |           |         |    |
|           | 1.1.3.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | for FR1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | and table |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.      |           |           |         |    |
|           | 1.1.3.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | for FR2   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 2         | Power on  | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | the UE.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 3         | Check:    | \--\>     | *RRCSetu  | 1       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | UE send a |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 12?  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 4-21      | Steps 3   | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | subclause |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 12.  |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | NOTE: The |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE        |           |           |         |    |
|           | performs  |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | and the   |           |           |         |    |
|           | RRC       |           |           |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |         |    |
|           | is        |           |           |         |    |
|           | released. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 22        | Check:    | \--\>     | *RRCSetu  | 4       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | UE send a |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1    |           |           |         |    |
|           | after 120 |           |           |         |    |
|           | seconds,  |           |           |         |    |
|           | but       |           |           |         |    |
|           | before    |           |           |         |    |
|           | 660       |           |           |         |    |
|           | seconds   |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | and 2)    |           |           |         |    |
|           | from      |           |           |         |    |
|           | power on? |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 22A-22B   | Steps 3-4 | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | of Table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 3)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 23a1 to   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 23b5a1    |           |           |         |    |
|           | describe  |           |           |         |    |
|           | behaviour |           |           |         |    |
|           | that      |           |           |         |    |
|           | depends   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on events |           |           |         |    |
|           | happening |           |           |         |    |
|           | prior to  |           |           |         |    |
|           | their     |           |           |         |    |
|           | e         |           |           |         |    |
|           | xecution; |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"lower   |           |           |         |    |
|           | case      |           |           |         |    |
|           | letter\"  |           |           |         |    |
|           | i         |           |           |         |    |
|           | dentifies |           |           |         |    |
|           | a step    |           |           |         |    |
|           | sequence  |           |           |         |    |
|           | that take |           |           |         |    |
|           | place if  |           |           |         |    |
|           | a         |           |           |         |    |
|           | specific  |           |           |         |    |
|           | prior     |           |           |         |    |
|           | event     |           |           |         |    |
|           | takes     |           |           |         |    |
|           | place.    |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 23a       | IF 5GS    | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
| 1-23a16a1 | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |         |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Initial   |           |           |         |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 22B, THEN |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps 5   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 23b1-23b2 | Void      | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 23        | IF 5GS    | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
| b3-23b5a1 | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |         |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Mobility  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 22B, THEN |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps 4   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to 6a1 of |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 24-27     | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 28        | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |         |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to row T2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.      |           |           |         |    |
|           | 1.1.3.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | for FR1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | and table |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.      |           |           |         |    |
|           | 1.1.3.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | for FR2   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 29        | Check:    | \--\>     | *RRCSetu  | 3       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | UE send a |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 13?  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 29A-29B   | Steps 3-4 | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | of Table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 3)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 29a1 to   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 29b5a1    |           |           |         |    |
|           | describe  |           |           |         |    |
|           | behaviour |           |           |         |    |
|           | that      |           |           |         |    |
|           | depends   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on events |           |           |         |    |
|           | happening |           |           |         |    |
|           | prior to  |           |           |         |    |
|           | their     |           |           |         |    |
|           | e         |           |           |         |    |
|           | xecution; |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"lower   |           |           |         |    |
|           | case      |           |           |         |    |
|           | letter\"  |           |           |         |    |
|           | i         |           |           |         |    |
|           | dentifies |           |           |         |    |
|           | a step    |           |           |         |    |
|           | sequence  |           |           |         |    |
|           | that take |           |           |         |    |
|           | place if  |           |           |         |    |
|           | a         |           |           |         |    |
|           | specific  |           |           |         |    |
|           | prior     |           |           |         |    |
|           | event     |           |           |         |    |
|           | takes     |           |           |         |    |
|           | place.    |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 29a       | IF 5GS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
| 1-29a16a1 | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |         |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Initial   |           |           |         |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 29B, THEN |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps 5   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 13.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 29b1-29b2 | Void.     | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 29        | IF 5GS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
| b3-29b5a1 | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |         |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Mobility  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 29B, THEN |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps 4   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to 6a1 of |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 13.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 30        | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |         |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to row T3 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.      |           |           |         |    |
|           | 1.1.3.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | for FR1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | and table |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.      |           |           |         |    |
|           | 1.1.3.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | for FR2   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 31        | Check:    | \--\>     | *RRCSetu  | 2       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | UE send a |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 2    |           |           |         |    |
|           | after 120 |           |           |         |    |
|           | seconds,  |           |           |         |    |
|           | but       |           |           |         |    |
|           | before    |           |           |         |    |
|           | 660       |           |           |         |    |
|           | seconds   |           |           |         |    |
|           | after     |           |           |         |    |
|           | step 30?  |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | and 2)    |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 31A-31B   | Steps 3-4 | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | of Table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 3)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 32a1 to   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 32b5a1    |           |           |         |    |
|           | describe  |           |           |         |    |
|           | behaviour |           |           |         |    |
|           | that      |           |           |         |    |
|           | depends   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on events |           |           |         |    |
|           | happening |           |           |         |    |
|           | prior to  |           |           |         |    |
|           | their     |           |           |         |    |
|           | e         |           |           |         |    |
|           | xecution; |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"lower   |           |           |         |    |
|           | case      |           |           |         |    |
|           | letter\"  |           |           |         |    |
|           | i         |           |           |         |    |
|           | dentifies |           |           |         |    |
|           | a step    |           |           |         |    |
|           | sequence  |           |           |         |    |
|           | that take |           |           |         |    |
|           | place if  |           |           |         |    |
|           | a         |           |           |         |    |
|           | specific  |           |           |         |    |
|           | prior     |           |           |         |    |
|           | event     |           |           |         |    |
|           | takes     |           |           |         |    |
|           | place.    |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 32a       | IF 5GS    | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
| 1-32a16a1 | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |         |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Initial   |           |           |         |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 31B, THEN |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps 5   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 2.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 32b1-32b2 | Void      | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 32        | IF 5GS    | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
| b3-32b5a1 | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |         |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Mobility  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 31B, THEN |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps 4   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to 6a1 of |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 2.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 33-36     | Void      | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Following |           |           |           |         |    |
| attempts  |           |           |           |         |    |
| to access |           |           |           |         |    |
| the       |           |           |           |         |    |
| H         |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN/EHPL |           |           |           |         |    |
| MN/higher |           |           |           |         |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN in   |           |           |           |         |    |
| VPLMN is  |           |           |           |         |    |
| operator  |           |           |           |         |    |
| specific  |           |           |           |         |    |
| setting   |           |           |           |         |    |
| (Refer to |           |           |           |         |    |
| TS 23.122 |           |           |           |         |    |
| Rel-1     |           |           |           |         |    |
| 5).Hence, |           |           |           |         |    |
| window    |           |           |           |         |    |
| between   |           |           |           |         |    |
| 120s to   |           |           |           |         |    |
| T+        |           |           |           |         |    |
| Tolerance |           |           |           |         |    |
| is being  |           |           |           |         |    |
| used,     |           |           |           |         |    |
| where the |           |           |           |         |    |
| high      |           |           |           |         |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN      |           |           |           |         |    |
| search    |           |           |           |         |    |
| timer T   |           |           |           |         |    |
| defined   |           |           |           |         |    |
| by        |           |           |           |         |    |
| EF        |           |           |           |         |    |
| ~HPPLMN~. |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Tolerance |           |           |           |         |    |
| of 5min   |           |           |           |         |    |
| is added  |           |           |           |         |    |
| to allow  |           |           |           |         |    |
| time for  |           |           |           |         |    |
| the UE to |           |           |           |         |    |
| find the  |           |           |           |         |    |
| proper    |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN.     |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 3:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| The 5GS   |           |           |           |         |    |
| reg       |           |           |           |         |    |
| istration |           |           |           |         |    |
| type      |           |           |           |         |    |
| shall be  |           |           |           |         |    |
| only set  |           |           |           |         |    |
| as        |           |           |           |         |    |
| Mobility  |           |           |           |         |    |
| Reg       |           |           |           |         |    |
| istration |           |           |           |         |    |
| for R16   |           |           |           |         |    |
| onwards   |           |           |           |         |    |
| UEs       |           |           |           |         |    |
| according |           |           |           |         |    |
| to TS     |           |           |           |         |    |
| 24.501    |           |           |           |         |    |
| subclause |           |           |           |         |    |
| 5.2.3.2.5 |           |           |           |         |    |
| specified |           |           |           |         |    |
| in        |           |           |           |         |    |
| Release   |           |           |           |         |    |
| 16        |           |           |           |         |    |
| onwards.  |           |           |           |         |    |
| The       |           |           |           |         |    |
| EXCEPTION |           |           |           |         |    |
| de        |           |           |           |         |    |
| scription |           |           |           |         |    |
| applies   |           |           |           |         |    |
| only to   |           |           |           |         |    |
| R15 UEs.  |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+

##### 6.1.1.1.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents .H6}

None

#### 6.1.1.2 PLMN selection of \"Other PLMN/access technology combinations\" / Automatic mode

##### 6.1.1.2.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-1 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-4 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic network selection mode and EHPLMN, UPLMN and
OPLMN/access technology combinations cells available and UE is fitted
with a USIM with Access Technology data files for each PLMN }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is switched on or return to coverage }

**then** { UE selects a cell of the EHPLMN and UE attempts a
Registration on the selected cell }

}

##### (2) {#section-5 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic network selection mode and UPLMN, OPLMN and
other PLMN/access technology combinations cells available and UE is
fitted with a USIM with Access Technology data files for each PLMN }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is switched on or return to coverage }

**then** { UE selects a cell of the UPLMN and UE attempts a Registration
on the selected cell }

}

##### (3) {#section-6 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic network selection mode and OPLMN and other
PLMN/access technology combinations cells available and UE is fitted
with a USIM with Access Technology data files for each PLMN }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is switched on or return to coverage }

**then** { UE selects a cell of the OPLMN and UE attempts a Registration
on the selected cell }

}

##### (4) {#section-7 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic network selection mode and other PLMN/access
technology combinations cells not belonging to any of EHPLMN, UPLMN or
OPLMN available }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is switched on or return to coverage }

**then** { UE selects a cell of other PLMN/access technology
combinations and UE attempts a Registration on the selected cell }

}

##### 6.1.1.2.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-1 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 23.122 clauses 4.4.3.1.1. Unless otherwise stated these
are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.4.3.1.1\]

The MS selects and attempts registration on other PLMN/access technology
combinations, if available and allowable, in the following order:

> i\) either the HPLMN (if the EHPLMN list is not present or is empty)
> or the highest priority EHPLMN that is available (if the EHPLMN list
> is present) ;
>
> ii\) each PLMN/access technology combination in the \"User Controlled
> PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file in the SIM (in
> priority order);
>
> iii\) each PLMN/access technology combination in the \"Operator
> Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file in the SIM
> (in priority order);
>
> iv\) other PLMN/access technology combinations with received high
> quality signal in random order;
>
> v\) other PLMN/access technology combinations in order of decreasing
> signal quality.

When following the above procedure the following requirements apply:

> a\) An MS with voice capability shall ignore PLMNs for which the MS
> has identified at least one GSM COMPACT.
>
> b\) In A/Gb mode or GSM COMPACT, an MS with voice capability, or an MS
> not supporting packet services shall not search for CPBCCH carriers.
>
> c\) In ii and iii, the MS should limit its search for the PLMN to the
> access technology or access technologies associated with the PLMN in
> the appropriate PLMN Selector with Access Technology list (User
> Controlled or Operator Controlled selector list).
>
> An MS using a SIM without access technology information storage (i.e.
> the \"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" and the
> \"Operator Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data
> files are not present) shall instead use the \"PLMN Selector\" data
> file, for each PLMN in the \"PLMN Selector\" data file, the MS shall
> search for all access technologies it is capable of. The priority
> ordering amongst the access technologies is implementation dependent.
>
> d\) In iv and v, the MS shall search for all access technologies it is
> capable of, before deciding which PLMN to select.
>
> e\) In ii, and iii, a packet only MS which supports GSM COMPACT, but
> using a SIM without access technology information storage (i.e. the
> \"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" and the
> \"Operator Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data
> files are not present) shall instead use the \"PLMN Selector\" data
> file, for each PLMN in the \"PLMN Selector\" data file, the MS shall
> search for all access technologies it is capable of and shall assume
> GSM COMPACT access technology as the lowest priority radio access
> technology.
>
> f\) In i, the MS shall search for all access technologies it is
> capable of. No priority is defined for the preferred access technology
> and the priority is an implementation issue, but \"HPLMN Selector with
> Access Technology\" data file on the SIM may be used to optimise the
> procedure.
>
> g\) In i, an MS using a SIM without access technology information
> storage (i.e. the \"HPLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file
> is not present) shall search for all access technologies it is capable
> of. The priority ordering amongst the access technologies is
> implementation dependent. A packet only MS which supports GSM COMPACT
> using a SIM without access technology information storage shall also
> assume GSM COMPACT access technology as the lowest priority radio
> access technology.
>
> NOTE 1: For f) and g), the MS in automatic network selection mode can
> end the PLMN search procedure once the HPLMN or the highest priority
> EHPLMN is found on an access technology.
>
> NOTE 2: For i, ii and iii, the MS can use location information to
> determine which PLMNs can be available in its present location.
>
> h\) In v, the MS shall order the PLMN/access technology combinations
> in order of decreasing signal quality within each access technology.
> The order between PLMN/access technology combinations with different
> access technologies is an MS implementation issue.
>
> NOTE 3: Requirements a) and b) apply also to requirement d), so a GSM
> voice capable MS should not search for GSM COMPACT PLMNs, even if
> capable of GSM COMPACT.
>
> NOTE 4: Requirements a) and b) apply also to requirement f), so a GSM
> voice capable MS should not search for GSM COMPACT PLMNs, even if this
> is the only access technology on the \"HPLMN Selector with Access
> Technology\" data file on the SIM.
>
> NOTE 5: High quality signal is defined in the appropriate AS
> specification.
>
> i\) In i to v, the MS shall not consider PLMNs where voice service was
> not possible as PLMN selection candidate, unless such PLMN is
> available in GERAN or UTRAN or no other allowed PLMN is available.
>
> j\) In i to v, if the MS only supports EMM-REGISTERED without PDN
> connection (see 3GPP TS 24.301 \[23A\]), the MS shall not consider
> PLMNs which do not advertise support of EMM-REGISTERED without PDN
> connection.
>
> k\) In i to v, if the MS only supports control plane CIoT EPS
> optimization (see 3GPP TS 24.301 \[23A\]) and the UE camps on a E-UTRA
> cell which is not NB-IoT cell (see 3GPP TS 36.304 \[43\],
> 3GPP TS 36.331 \[22\]), the MS shall not consider PLMNs which do not
> advertise support of EPS services with control plane CIoT EPS
> optimization.
>
> l\) In i to v, if the MS is in eCall only mode, the MS shall not
> consider PLMNs which do not advertise support for eCall over IMS,
> unless such PLMNs are available in GERAN or UTRAN.

NOTE 6: As an implementation option, an MS in eCall only mode that was
not able to select any PLMN according to l) can perform a second
iteration of i to v with no restriction.

If successful registration is achieved, the MS indicates the selected
PLMN.

If registration cannot be achieved because no PLMNs are available and
allowable, the MS indicates \"no service\" to the user, waits until a
new PLMN is available and allowable and then repeats the procedure.

If there were one or more PLMNs which were available and allowable, but
an LR failure made registration on those PLMNs unsuccessful or an entry
in any of the lists \"forbidden location areas for roaming\",
\"forbidden tracking areas for roaming\", \"5GS forbidden tracking areas
for roaming\", \"forbidden location areas for regional provision of
service\", \"forbidden tracking areas for regional provision of
service\" or \"5GS forbidden tracking areas for regional provision of
service\" prevented a registration attempt, the MS selects the first
such PLMN again and enters a limited service state.

##### 6.1.1.2.3 Test description {#test-description-1 .H6}

##### 6.1.1.2.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-1 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-1 .H6}

\- Four inter-frequency multi-PLMN cells as specified in TS 38.508-1
\[4\] clause 4.4.1.1.3 are configured broadcasting default PLMNs as
indicated in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.2-3.

\- The PLMNs are identified in the test by the identifiers in Table
6.1.1.2.3.1-1.

Table 6.1.1.2.3.1-1: PLMN identifiers

  **NR Cell**   **PLMN name**
  ------------- ---------------
  1             PLMN1
  12            PLMN2
  13            PLMN3
  11            PLMN4

##### UE: {#ue-1 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic PLMN selection mode.

\- The UE is equipped with a USIM configuration as defined in TS
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.4.1-4.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-1 .H6}

\- The UE is in state Switched OFF (state 0-A).

##### 6.1.1.2.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-1 .H6}

Table 6.1.1.2.3.2-1/2 shows the cell configurations used during the
test. Subsequent configurations marked "T1", "T2" "T3" "T4"etc are
applied at the points indicated in the Main behaviour description in
Table 6.1.1.2.3.2-3. Cell powers are chosen for a serving cell and a
non-suitable "Off" cell as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.2.2.1-3
for FR1 and Table 6.2.2.2-2 for FR2.

Table 6.1.1.2.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| ** ** | **P   | **U   | **NR  | **NR  | **NR  | **NR  | *     |
|       | arame | nit** | Cell  | Cell  | Cell  | Cell  | *Rema |
|       | ter** |       | 1**   | 12**  | 13**  | 11**  | rks** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| *     | SS    | dB    | -88   | -88   | -88   | "Off" | Power |
| *T1** | /PBCH | m/SCS |       |       |       |       | level |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "Off" |
|       | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
|       | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in TS |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 38.   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 508-1 |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | \[4\] |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Table |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6.2.2 |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | .1-3. |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| *     | SS    | dB    | "Off" | -88   | -88   | -88   | Power |
| *T2** | /PBCH | m/SCS |       |       |       |       | level |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "Off" |
|       | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
|       | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in TS |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 38.   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 508-1 |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | \[4\] |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Table |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6.2.2 |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | .1-3. |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| *     | SS    | dB    | "Off" | "Off" | -88   | -88   | Power |
| *T3** | /PBCH | m/SCS |       |       |       |       | level |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "Off" |
|       | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
|       | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in TS |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 38.   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 508-1 |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | \[4\] |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Table |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6.2.2 |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | .1-3. |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| *     | SS    | dB    | "Off" | "Off" | "Off" | -88   | Power |
| *T4** | /PBCH | m/SCS |       |       |       |       | level |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "Off" |
|       | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
|       | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in TS |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 38.   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 508-1 |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | \[4\] |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Table |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6.2.2 |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | .1-3. |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 6.1.1.2.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| ** ** | **P   | **U   | **NR  | **NR  | **NR  | **NR  | *     |
|       | arame | nit** | Cell  | Cell  | Cell  | Cell  | *Rema |
|       | ter** |       | 1**   | 12**  | 13**  | 11**  | rks** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| *     | SS    | dB    | -82   | -82   | -82   | "Off" | Power |
| *T1** | /PBCH | m/SCS |       |       |       |       | level |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "Off" |
|       | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
|       | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in TS |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 38.   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 508-1 |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | \[4\] |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Table |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6.2.2 |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | .2-2. |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| *     | SS    | dB    | "Off" | -82   | -82   | -82   | Power |
| *T2** | /PBCH | m/SCS |       |       |       |       | level |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "Off" |
|       | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
|       | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in TS |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 38.   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 508-1 |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | \[4\] |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Table |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6.2.2 |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | .2-2. |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| *     | SS    | dB    | "Off" | "Off" | -82   | -82   | Power |
| *T3** | /PBCH | m/SCS |       |       |       |       | level |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "Off" |
|       | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
|       | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in TS |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 38.   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 508-1 |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | \[4\] |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Table |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6.2.2 |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | .2-2. |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| *     | SS    | dB    | "Off" | "Off" | "Off" | -82   | Power |
| *T4** | /PBCH | m/SCS |       |       |       |       | level |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | "Off" |
|       | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
|       | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | in TS |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 38.   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 508-1 |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | \[4\] |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Table |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6.2.2 |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | .2-2. |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 6.1.1.2.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| **St**  | **Pr      | **Message | **TP**    | **        |    |
|         | ocedure** | S         |           | Verdict** |    |
|         |           | equence** |           |           |    |
+=========+===========+===========+===========+===========+====+
|         |           | **U - S** | **        |           |    |
|         |           |           | Message** |           |    |
+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 1       | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|         | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|         | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|         | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|         | according |           |           |           |    |
|         | to row T1 |           |           |           |    |
|         | of table  |           |           |           |    |
|         | 6.1.1.2   |           |           |           |    |
|         | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 2       | Power on  | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|         | the UE.   |           |           |           |    |
+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 3       | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1         | P  |
|         | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |           |    |
|         | UE send   |           | pRequest* |           |    |
|         | an        |           |           |           |    |
|         | *RRCSetu  |           |           |           |    |
|         | pRequest* |           |           |           |    |
|         | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|         | Cell 1?   |           |           |           |    |
+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 4-21    | Steps 3   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|         | to 20a1   |           |           |           |    |
|         | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|         | reg       |           |           |           |    |
|         | istration |           |           |           |    |
|         | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|         | described |           |           |           |    |
|         | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|         | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|         | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
|         | subclause |           |           |           |    |
|         | 4.5.2.2   |           |           |           |    |
|         | are       |           |           |           |    |
|         | performed |           |           |           |    |
|         | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|         | Cell 1.   |           |           |           |    |
|         |           |           |           |           |    |
|         | NOTE: The |           |           |           |    |
|         | UE        |           |           |           |    |
|         | performs  |           |           |           |    |
|         | reg       |           |           |           |    |
|         | istration |           |           |           |    |
|         | and the   |           |           |           |    |
|         | RRC       |           |           |           |    |
|         | c         |           |           |           |    |
|         | onnection |           |           |           |    |
|         | is not    |           |           |           |    |
|         | released. |           |           |           |    |
+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 21A     | The UE is | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|         | switched  |           |           |           |    |
|         | off by    |           |           |           |    |
|         | executing |           |           |           |    |
|         | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|         | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|         | in Table  |           |           |           |    |
|         | 4.9.6.3-1 |           |           |           |    |
|         | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|         | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|         | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 22      | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|         | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|         | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|         | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|         | according |           |           |           |    |
|         | to row T2 |           |           |           |    |
|         | of table  |           |           |           |    |
|         | 6.1.1.2   |           |           |           |    |
|         | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 22A     | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 22B     | The UE is | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|         | Switched  |           |           |           |    |
|         | ON.       |           |           |           |    |
+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 23      | Check:    | \--\>     | \-        | 2         | P  |
|         | Does the  |           |           |           |    |
|         | test      |           |           |           |    |
|         | result of |           |           |           |    |
|         | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|         | test      |           |           |           |    |
|         | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|         | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|         | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|         | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
|         | Table     |           |           |           |    |
|         | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|         | indicate  |           |           |           |    |
|         | that the  |           |           |           |    |
|         | UE is     |           |           |           |    |
|         | camped on |           |           |           |    |
|         | NR Cell   |           |           |           |    |
|         | 12?       |           |           |           |    |
|         |           |           |           |           |    |
|         | NOTE: The |           |           |           |    |
|         | UE        |           |           |           |    |
|         | performs  |           |           |           |    |
|         | reg       |           |           |           |    |
|         | istration |           |           |           |    |
|         | and the   |           |           |           |    |
|         | RRC       |           |           |           |    |
|         | c         |           |           |           |    |
|         | onnection |           |           |           |    |
|         | is not    |           |           |           |    |
|         | released. |           |           |           |    |
+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 24-27b1 | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 28      | The UE is | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|         | switched  |           |           |           |    |
|         | off by    |           |           |           |    |
|         | executing |           |           |           |    |
|         | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|         | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|         | in Table  |           |           |           |    |
|         | 4.9.6.3-1 |           |           |           |    |
|         | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|         | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|         | \[4\].    |           |           |           |    |
+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 29      | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|         | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|         | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|         | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|         | according |           |           |           |    |
|         | to row T3 |           |           |           |    |
|         | of table  |           |           |           |    |
|         | 6.1.1.2   |           |           |           |    |
|         | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 29A     | Void.     | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 29B     | The UE is | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|         | Switched  |           |           |           |    |
|         | ON.       |           |           |           |    |
+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 30      | Check:    | \--\>     | \-        | 3         | P  |
|         | Does the  |           |           |           |    |
|         | test      |           |           |           |    |
|         | result of |           |           |           |    |
|         | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|         | test      |           |           |           |    |
|         | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|         | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|         | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|         | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
|         | Table     |           |           |           |    |
|         | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|         | indicate  |           |           |           |    |
|         | that the  |           |           |           |    |
|         | UE is     |           |           |           |    |
|         | camped on |           |           |           |    |
|         | NR Cell   |           |           |           |    |
|         | 13?       |           |           |           |    |
|         |           |           |           |           |    |
|         | NOTE: The |           |           |           |    |
|         | UE        |           |           |           |    |
|         | performs  |           |           |           |    |
|         | reg       |           |           |           |    |
|         | istration |           |           |           |    |
|         | and the   |           |           |           |    |
|         | RRC       |           |           |           |    |
|         | c         |           |           |           |    |
|         | onnection |           |           |           |    |
|         | is not    |           |           |           |    |
|         | released. |           |           |           |    |
+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 31-34b1 | Void.     | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 35      | The UE is |           |           |           |    |
|         | switched  |           |           |           |    |
|         | off by    |           |           |           |    |
|         | executing |           |           |           |    |
|         | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|         | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|         | in Table  |           |           |           |    |
|         | 4.9.6.3-1 |           |           |           |    |
|         | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|         | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|         | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 36      | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|         | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|         | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|         | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|         | according |           |           |           |    |
|         | to row T4 |           |           |           |    |
|         | of table  |           |           |           |    |
|         | 6.1.1.2   |           |           |           |    |
|         | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 36A     | Void.     | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 36B     | The UE is | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|         | Switched  |           |           |           |    |
|         | ON.       |           |           |           |    |
+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 37      | Check:    | \--\>     | \-        | 4         | P  |
|         | Does the  |           |           |           |    |
|         | test      |           |           |           |    |
|         | result of |           |           |           |    |
|         | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|         | test      |           |           |           |    |
|         | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|         | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|         | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|         | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
|         | Table     |           |           |           |    |
|         | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|         | indicate  |           |           |           |    |
|         | that the  |           |           |           |    |
|         | UE is     |           |           |           |    |
|         | camped on |           |           |           |    |
|         | NR Cell   |           |           |           |    |
|         | 11?       |           |           |           |    |
+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 38-42b1 | Void.     | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+

##### 6.1.1.2.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-1 .H6}

None

#### 6.1.1.3 Cell reselection of ePLMN in manual mode

##### 6.1.1.3.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-2 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-8 .H6}

**with** { UE camped normally on a cell and network has downloaded a
list of equivalent PLMNs during the Registration procedure }

**ensure that** {

**when** { Higher ranked cell is a cell of a PLMN in the downloaded
equivalent PLMN list }

**then** { UE reselects to the equivalent PLMN cell }

}

##### (2) {#section-9 .H6}

**with** { UE camped normally on a cell and network has downloaded a
list of equivalent PLMNs during Registration procedure for mobility }

**ensure that** {

**when** { Highest ranked cell is a cell of a PLMN not in the downloaded
equivalent PLMN list }

**then** { UE does not reselect to the cell }

}

##### 6.1.1.3.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-2 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 23.122, clauses 4.4.3.1.2. Unless otherwise stated
these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.4.3.1.2\]

The MS indicates whether there are any PLMNs, which are available using
all supported access technologies. This includes PLMNs in the
\"forbidden PLMNs\" list, \"forbidden PLMNs for GPRS service\" list,
PLMNs which only offer services not supported by the MS, and the list of
\"PLMNs not allowed to operate at the present UE location\". An MS which
supports GSM COMPACT shall also indicate GSM COMPACT PLMNs (which use
PBCCH).

If displayed, PLMNs meeting the criteria above are presented in the
following order:

i)- either the HPLMN (if the EHPLMN list is not present or is empty) or,
if one or more of the EHPLMNs are available then based on an optional
data field on the SIM either only the highest priority available EHPLMN
is to be presented to the user or all available EHPLMNs are presented to
the user in priority order. If the data field is not present on the SIM,
then only the highest priority available EHPLMN is presented;

ii)- PLMN/access technology combinations contained in the \" User
Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology \" data file in the SIM
(in priority order);

iii)- PLMN/access technology combinations contained in the \"Operator
Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file in the SIM
(in priority order) or stored in the ME (in priority order);

iv)- other PLMN/access technology combinations with received high
quality signal in random order;

NOTE 1: High quality signal is defined in the appropriate AS
specification.

v)- other PLMN/access technology combinations in order of decreasing
signal quality.

In ii and iii, an MS using a SIM without access technology information
storage (i.e. the \"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access
Technology\" and the \"Operator Controlled PLMN Selector with Access
Technology\" data files are not present) shall instead present the PLMNs
contained in the \"PLMN Selector\" data file in the SIM (in priority
order).

In v, requirement h) in clause 4.4.3.1.1 applies.

In i to v, requirements j), k) and l) in clause 4.4.3.1.1 apply.

In iii, requirement p) in clause 4.4.3.1.1 applies.

##### 6.1.1.3.3 Test description {#test-description-2 .H6}

##### 6.1.1.3.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-2 .H6}

##### System Simulator {#system-simulator-2 .H6}

\- Three inter-frequency multi-PLMN NR cells.

\- Each NR cell has only a single PLMN identity. The PLMNs are
identified in the test by the identifiers in Table 6.1.1.3.3.1-1.

Table 6.1.1.3.3.1-1: PLMN identifiers

  **NR Cell**   **PLMN name**
  ------------- ---------------
  1             PLMN1
  12            PLMN2
  13            PLMN3

\- System information combination NR-4 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2-1 is used in NR cell 1 and NR cell 12.

\- System information combination NR-1 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2-1 is used in NR cell 13.

##### UE {#ue-2 .H6}

\- The UE is in Manual PLMN selection mode.

##### Preamble {#preamble-2 .H6}

\- The UE is registered on PLMN1 (NR Cell 1) using the procedure
described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] clause 4.5.2.2-2 except that the
REGISTRATION ACCEPT message indicates PLMN2 in the Equivalent PLMN list
as described in Table 6.1.1.3.3.3-3.

\- The UE is in state Registered, Idle Mode (state 1N-A) on NR Cell 1
according to TS 38.508-1 \[4\];

##### 6.1.1.3.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-2 .H6}

Table 6.1.1.3.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|        | ** Para | *       | **NR    | **NR    | **NR    | **Re    |
|        | meter** | *Unit** | Cell    | Cell    | Cell    | marks** |
|        |         |         | 1**     | 12**    | 13**    |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -99     | -88     | -78     |         |
|        |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | \"Off\" | \"Off\" | \"Off\" | Power   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         | \"Off\" |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 6.      |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.1-3 |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.1.1.3.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|        | ** Para | *       | **NR    | **NR    | **NR    | **Re    |
|        | meter** | *Unit** | Cell    | Cell    | Cell    | marks** |
|        |         |         | 1**     | 12**    | 13**    |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -100    | -91     | -82     |         |
|        |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | \"Off\" | \"Off\" | \"Off\" | Power   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         | \"Off\" |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 6.      |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.2-2 |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.1.1.3.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| **St**    | **Pr      | **Message | **TP**    | **        |    |
|           | ocedure** | S         |           | Verdict** |    |
|           |           | equence** |           |           |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+====+
|           |           | **U - S** | **        |           |    |
|           |           |           | Message** |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 1         | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row T1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.1.1.3   |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 2         | Check:    | \-        | \-        | 1         | \- |
|           | Does the  |           |           |           |    |
|           | test      |           |           |           |    |
|           | result of |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | test      |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
|           | subclause |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |           |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | indicate  |           |           |           |    |
|           | that the  |           |           |           |    |
|           | UE is     |           |           |           |    |
|           | camped on |           |           |           |    |
|           | NR Cell   |           |           |           |    |
|           | 12?       |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
|           | NOTE: The |           |           |           |    |
|           | REG       |           |           |           |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |           |    |
|           | REQUEST   |           |           |           |    |
|           | is        |           |           |           |    |
|           | accepted  |           |           |           |    |
|           | with      |           |           |           |    |
|           | PLMN1     |           |           |           |    |
|           | listed as |           |           |           |    |
|           | an        |           |           |           |    |
|           | E         |           |           |           |    |
|           | quivalent |           |           |           |    |
|           | PLMN.     |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 3         | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 2         | F  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |           |    |
|           | UE send   |           | pRequest* |           |    |
|           | an        |           |           |           |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |           |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 13   |           |           |           |    |
|           | within    |           |           |           |    |
|           | 60s?      |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 4         | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row T2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.1.1.3   |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 5         | Set UE to | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | Automatic |           |           |           |    |
|           | PLMN      |           |           |           |    |
|           | selection |           |           |           |    |
|           | mode.     |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 1)  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| Step 5 is |           |           |           |           |    |
| to ensure |           |           |           |           |    |
| UE is set |           |           |           |           |    |
| back to   |           |           |           |           |    |
| automatic |           |           |           |           |    |
| PLMN      |           |           |           |           |    |
| selection |           |           |           |           |    |
| mode for  |           |           |           |           |    |
| the next  |           |           |           |           |    |
| test      |           |           |           |           |    |
| case.     |           |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+

##### 6.1.1.3.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-2 .H6}

Table 6.1.1.3.3.3-1: *SIB4* for NR Cell 1 (preamble and all steps, Table
6.1.1.3.3.2-3)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                                
  Information Element                                                                   Value/Remark                                    Comment   Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                             
  interFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo {   2 entries                                                 
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                              entry 1   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink NR ARFCN as used for NR Cell 12             
  cellReselectionPriority                                                               4                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                               
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                              entry 2   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink NR ARFCN as used for NR Cell 13             
  cellReselectionPriority                                                               4                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                               
  }                                                                                                                                               
  }                                                                                                                                               
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.1.1.3.3.3-2: *SIB4* for NR Cell 12 (preamble and all steps,
Table 6.1.1.3.3.2-3)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                               
  Information Element                                                                  Value/Remark                                    Comment   Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                            
  interFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF nterFreqCarrierFreqInfo {   2 entries                                                 
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                             entry 1   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                       Same downlink NR ARFCN as used for NR Cell 1              
  cellReselectionPriority                                                              4                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                              
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                             entry 2   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                       Same downlink NR ARFCN as used for NR Cell 13             
  cellReselectionPriority                                                              4                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                                              
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------------------------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.1.1.3.3.3-3: REGISTRATION ACCEPT for NR Cell 1 (preamble)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-7                                    
  -------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------
  **Information Element**                            **Value/Remark**   **Comment**   **Condition**
  Equivalent PLMNs                                   PLMN2                            NR Cell 1

Table 6.1.1.3.3.3-4: REGISTRATION ACCEPT for NR Cell 12 (step 2, Table
6.1.1.3.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-7                                    
  -------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------
  **Information Element**                            **Value/Remark**   **Comment**   **Condition**
  Equivalent PLMNs                                   PLMN1                            NR Cell 12
  Allowed NSSAI                                                                       
  S-NSSAI                                                                             
  Length of S-NSSAI contents                         '0000 0010'B                     
  Mapped HPLMN SST                                   Same as SST                      

#### 6.1.1.4 PLMN selection in shared network environment / Automatic mode

##### 6.1.1.4.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-3 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-10 .H6}

**with** { The UE is in automatic network selection mode and there is a
suitable cell with multiple PLMN identities among which the HPLMN but
not the registered PLMN }

**ensure that** {

**when** { the UE is switched on }

**then** { the UE attaches to the HPLMN on the shared cell }

}

##### (2) {#section-11 .H6}

**with** { the UE in automatic network selection mode and there is a
suitable cell with multiple PLMN identities among which the registered
PLMN }

**ensure that** {

**when** { the UE returns to coverage }

**then** { the UE performs a registration procedure due to mobility to
the registered PLMN on the shared cell }

}

##### 6.1.1.4.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-3 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 38.304 clause 5.1.1.2, TS 23.122 clauses 4.4.3 and
4.4.3.1.1, TS 38.331 clauses 5.3.3.4, and TS 24.501 clause 5.3.1.1.
Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.304 clause 5.1.1.2\]

The UE shall scan all RF channels in the NR bands according to its
capabilities to find available PLMNs. On each carrier, the UE shall
search for the strongest cell and read its system information, in order
to find out which PLMN(s) the cell belongs to. If the UE can read one or
several PLMN identities in the strongest cell, each found PLMN (see the
PLMN reading in TS 38.331 \[3\]) shall be reported to the NAS as a high
quality PLMN,

...

Once the UE has selected a PLMN, the cell selection procedure shall be
performed in order to select a suitable cell of that PLMN to camp on.

\[TS 23.122 clauses 4.4.3\]

When the MS reselects to a cell in a shared network, and the cell is a
suitable cell for multiple PLMN identities received on the BCCH or on
the EC-BCCH the AS indicates these multiple PLMN identities to the NAS
according to 3GPP TS 44.018 \[34\], 3GPP TS 44.060 \[39\],
3GPP TS 25.304 \[32\] and 3GPP TS 36.304 \[43\]. The MS shall choose one
of these PLMNs. If the registered PLMN is available among these PLMNs,
the MS shall not choose a different PLMN.

The MS shall not use the PLMN codes contained in the \"HPLMN Selector
with Access Technology\" data file.

It is possible for the home network operator to identify alternative
Network IDs as the HPLMN. If the EHPLMN list is present, and not empty,
the entries in the EHPLMN list are used in the network selection
procedures. When attempting to select a network the highest priority
EHPLMN that is available shall be selected. If the EHPLMN list is
present and is empty or if the EHPLMN list is not present, the HPLMN
derived from the IMSI is used for network selection procedures.

NOTE 1: The \"HPLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file is only
used by the MS to get the HPLMN access technologies related to the HPLMN
code which corresponds to the PLMN code included in the IMSI if the
EHPLMN list is not present or is empty. If the EHPLMN list is present
then this data field is applicable to all the entries within the EHPLMN
list.

NOTE 2: Different GSM frequency bands (e.g. 900, 1800, 1900, 400) are
all considered GSM access technology. An MS supporting more than one
band should scan all the bands it's supports when scanning for GSM
frequencies. However GSM COMPACT systems which use GSM frequency bands
but with the CBPCCH broadcast channel are considered as a separate
access technology from GSM.

NOTE 3: The inclusion of the HPLMN derived from the IMSI in the EHPLMN
list is allowed. The priority of the HPLMN derived from the IMSI is
given by its position in the EHPLMN list, see 3GPP TS 31.102 \[40\]

\[TS 23.122 clause 4.4.3.1.1\]

The MS selects and attempts registration on other PLMN/access technology
combinations, if available and allowable, in the following order:

i\) either the HPLMN (if the EHPLMN list is not present or is empty) or
the highest priority EHPLMN that is available (if the EHPLMN list is
present) ;

ii\) each PLMN/access technology combination in the \"User Controlled
PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file in the SIM (in priority
order);

iii\) each PLMN/access technology combination in the \"Operator
Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file in the SIM
(in priority order);

iv\) other PLMN/access technology combinations with received high
quality signal in random order;

v\) other PLMN/access technology combinations in order of decreasing
signal quality.

When following the above procedure the following requirements apply:

a\) An MS with voice capability shall ignore PLMNs for which the MS has
identified at least one GSM COMPACT.

b\) In A/Gb mode or GSM COMPACT, an MS with voice capability, or an MS
not supporting packet services shall not search for CPBCCH carriers.

c\) In ii and iii, the MS should limit its search for the PLMN to the
access technology or access technologies associated with the PLMN in the
appropriate PLMN Selector with Access Technology list (User Controlled
or Operator Controlled selector list).

An MS using a SIM without access technology information storage (i.e.
the \"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" and the
\"Operator Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data files
are not present) shall instead use the \"PLMN Selector\" data file, for
each PLMN in the \"PLMN Selector\" data file, the MS shall search for
all access technologies it is capable of. The priority ordering amongst
the access technologies is implementation dependent.

d\) In iv and v, the MS shall search for all access technologies it is
capable of, before deciding which PLMN to select.

e\) In ii, and iii, a packet only MS which supports GSM COMPACT, but
using a SIM without access technology information storage (i.e. the
\"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" and the
\"Operator Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data files
are not present) shall instead use the \"PLMN Selector\" data file, for
each PLMN in the \"PLMN Selector\" data file, the MS shall search for
all access technologies it is capable of and shall assume GSM COMPACT
access technology as the lowest priority radio access technology.

f\) In i, the MS shall search for all access technologies it is capable
of. No priority is defined for the preferred access technology and the
priority is an implementation issue, but \"HPLMN Selector with Access
Technology\" data file on the SIM may be used to optimise the procedure.

g\) In i, an MS using a SIM without access technology information
storage (i.e. the \"HPLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file is
not present) shall search for all access technologies it is capable of.
The priority ordering amongst the access technologies is implementation
dependent. A packet only MS which supports GSM COMPACT using a SIM
without access technology information storage shall also assume GSM
COMPACT access technology as the lowest priority radio access
technology.

NOTE 1: For f) and g), the MS in automatic network selection mode can
end the PLMN search procedure once the HPLMN or the highest priority
EHPLMN is found on an access technology.

NOTE 2: For i, ii and iii, the MS can use location information to
determine which PLMNs can be available in its present location.

h\) In v, the MS shall order the PLMN/access technology combinations in
order of decreasing signal quality within each access technology. The
order between PLMN/access technology combinations with different access
technologies is an MS implementation issue.

NOTE 3: Requirements a) and b) apply also to requirement d), so a GSM
voice capable MS should not search for GSM COMPACT PLMNs, even if
capable of GSM COMPACT.

NOTE 4: Requirements a) and b) apply also to requirement f), so a GSM
voice capable MS should not search for GSM COMPACT PLMNs, even if this
is the only access technology on the \"HPLMN Selector with Access
Technology\" data file on the SIM.

NOTE 5: High quality signal is defined in the appropriate AS
specification.

i\) In i to v, the MS shall not consider PLMNs where voice service was
not possible as PLMN selection candidate, unless such PLMN is available
in GERAN or UTRAN or no other allowed PLMN is available.

j\) In i to v, if the MS only supports EMM-REGISTERED without PDN
connection (see 3GPP TS 24.301 \[23A\]), the MS shall not consider PLMNs
which do not advertise support of EMM-REGISTERED without PDN connection.

k\) In i to v, if the MS only supports control plane CIoT EPS
optimization (see 3GPP TS 24.301 \[23A\]) and the UE camps on a E-UTRA
cell which is not NB-IoT cell (see 3GPP TS 36.304 \[43\], 3GPP TS 36.331
\[22\]), the MS shall not consider PLMNs which do not advertise support
of EPS services with control plane CIoT EPS optimization.

l\) In i to v, if the MS is in eCall only mode, the MS shall not
consider PLMNs which do not advertise support for eCall over IMS, unless
such PLMNs are available in GERAN or UTRAN.

NOTE 6: As an implementation option, an MS in eCall only mode that was
not able to select any PLMN according to l) can perform a second
iteration of i to v with no restriction.

If successful registration is achieved, the MS indicates the selected
PLMN.

If registration cannot be achieved because no PLMNs are available and
allowable, the MS indicates \"no service\" to the user, waits until a
new PLMN is available and allowable and then repeats the procedure.

If there were one or more PLMNs which were available and allowable, but
an LR failure made registration on those PLMNs unsuccessful or an entry
in any of the lists \"forbidden location areas for roaming\",
\"forbidden tracking areas for roaming\", \"5GS forbidden tracking areas
for roaming\", \"forbidden location areas for regional provision of
service\", \"forbidden tracking areas for regional provision of
service\" or \"5GS forbidden tracking areas for regional provision of
service\" prevented a registration attempt, the MS selects the first
such PLMN again and enters a limited service state.

\[TS 38.331 clause 5.3.3.4\]

The UE shall perform the following actions upon reception of the
*RRCSetup*:

\...

1\> set the content of *RRCSetupComplete* message as follows:

2\> if upper layers provide an *5G-S-TMSI*:

3\> if the *RRCSetup* is received in response to an *RRCSetupRequest*:

4\> set the *ng-5G-S-TMSI-Value* to *ng-5G-S-TMSI-Part2*;

3\> else:

4\> set the *ng-5G-S-TMSI-Value* to *ng-5G-S-TMSI*;

2\> set the *selectedPLMN-Identity* to the PLMN selected by upper layers
(TS 24.501 \[23\]) from the PLMN(s) included in the *plmn-IdentityList*
in *SIB1*;

\...

1\> submit the *RRCSetupComplete* message to lower layers for
transmission, upon which the procedure ends

\[TS 24.501 clause 5.3.1.1\]

The UE NAS also provides the lower layers with the identity of the
selected PLMN (see 3GPP TS 38.331 \[30\]). In a shared network, the UE
shall choose one of the PLMN identities as specified in
3GPP TS 23.122 \[5\].

##### 6.1.1.4.3 Test description {#test-description-3 .H6}

##### 6.1.1.4.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-3 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-3 .H6}

\- NR Cells 1 and 2, as specified in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] clause 4.4.1.1.3
are configured according to Table 4.4.2-3 in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] except
for multiple broadcasted PLMN identities as shown in Table
6.1.1.4.3.1-1: PLMN identifiers broadcasted by cells in shared network,
and NR Cells 1 and 2 with different tracking area codes as shown in
Table 6.1.1.4.3.1-2.

Table 6.1.1.4.3.1-1: PLMN identifiers

  NR Cell   PLMN names
  --------- -------------------------------
  1         PLMN4 (for preamble)
            PLMN15, PLMN1 (for test body)
  2         PLMN15, PLMN1, PLMN16

Table 6.1.1.4.3.1-2: Tracking area codes

  NR Cell   TAC   TAI
  --------- ----- -------
  1         1     TAI-1
  2         2     TAI-2

##### UE: {#ue-3 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic PLMN selection mode.

\- The UE is equipped with a USIM configuration as defined in TS
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.4.1-5.

\- The UE is registered to PLMN4 before it is switched off.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-3 .H6}

\- The UE is in state Switched OFF (state 0N-B) according to TS 38.508-1
\[4\].

##### 6.1.1.4.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-3 .H6}

Table 6.1.1.4.3.2-1/2 shows the cell configurations used during the
test. The configuration T0 indicates the initial conditions. Subsequent
configuration marked "T1"is applied at the points indicated in the Main
behaviour description in Table 6.1.1.4.3.2-2. Cell powers are chosen for
a serving cell and a non-suitable cell as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
Table 6.2.2.1-3 for FR1 and Table 6.2.2.2-2 for FR2.

Table 6.1.1.4.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | Parameter | Unit    | **NR Cell | **NR Cell | Remarks   |
|    |           |         | 1**       | 2**       |           |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T0 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -88       | "Off"     | Power     |
|    |           |         |           |           | level     |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           | "Off" is  |
|    |           |         |           |           | defined   |
|    |           |         |           |           | in TS     |
|    |           |         |           |           | 38.508-1  |
|    |           |         |           |           | \[4\]     |
|    |           |         |           |           | Table     |
|    |           |         |           |           | 6         |
|    |           |         |           |           | .2.2.1-3, |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | "Off"     | "Off"     | Close the |
|    |           |         |           |           | NR Cell 1 |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           | to make   |
|    |           |         |           |           | sure the  |
|    |           |         |           |           | UE lose   |
|    |           |         |           |           | coverage. |
|    |           |         |           |           | Power     |
|    |           |         |           |           | level     |
|    |           |         |           |           | "Off" is  |
|    |           |         |           |           | defined   |
|    |           |         |           |           | in TS     |
|    |           |         |           |           | 38.508-1  |
|    |           |         |           |           | \[4\]     |
|    |           |         |           |           | Table     |
|    |           |         |           |           | 6         |
|    |           |         |           |           | .2.2.1-3, |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | "Off"     | -88       | Power     |
|    |           |         |           |           | level     |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           | "Off" is  |
|    |           |         |           |           | defined   |
|    |           |         |           |           | in TS     |
|    |           |         |           |           | 38.508-1  |
|    |           |         |           |           | \[4\]     |
|    |           |         |           |           | Table     |
|    |           |         |           |           | 6         |
|    |           |         |           |           | .2.2.1-3, |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+

Table 6.1.1.4.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | Parameter | Unit    | **NR Cell | **NR Cell | Remarks   |
|    |           |         | 1**       | 2**       |           |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T0 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -95       | "Off"     | Power     |
|    |           |         |           |           | level     |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           | "Off" is  |
|    |           |         |           |           | defined   |
|    |           |         |           |           | in TS     |
|    |           |         |           |           | 38.508-1  |
|    |           |         |           |           | \[4\]     |
|    |           |         |           |           | Table     |
|    |           |         |           |           | 6         |
|    |           |         |           |           | .2.2.2-2. |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | "Off"     | "Off"     | Close the |
|    |           |         |           |           | NR Cell 1 |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           | to make   |
|    |           |         |           |           | sure the  |
|    |           |         |           |           | UE lose   |
|    |           |         |           |           | coverage. |
|    |           |         |           |           |           |
|    |           |         |           |           | Power     |
|    |           |         |           |           | level     |
|    |           |         |           |           | "Off" is  |
|    |           |         |           |           | defined   |
|    |           |         |           |           | in TS     |
|    |           |         |           |           | 38.508-1  |
|    |           |         |           |           | \[4\]     |
|    |           |         |           |           | Table     |
|    |           |         |           |           | 6         |
|    |           |         |           |           | .2.2.2-2. |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | "Off"     | -95       | Power     |
|    |           |         |           |           | level     |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           | "Off" is  |
|    |           |         |           |           | defined   |
|    |           |         |           |           | in TS     |
|    |           |         |           |           | 38.508-1  |
|    |           |         |           |           | \[4\]     |
|    |           |         |           |           | Table     |
|    |           |         |           |           | 6         |
|    |           |         |           |           | .2.2.2-2. |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+

Table 6.1.1.4.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| St      | Procedure  | Message    | TP         | Verdict |    |
|         |            | Sequence   |            |         |    |
+=========+============+============+============+=========+====+
|         |            | U - S      | Message    |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 1       | The SS     | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | adjusts    |            |            |         |    |
|         | cell       |            |            |         |    |
|         | levels     |            |            |         |    |
|         | according  |            |            |         |    |
|         | to row T0  |            |            |         |    |
|         | of table   |            |            |         |    |
|         | 6.1.1.     |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4.3.2-1/2. |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 2       | Power on   | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | the UE.    |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 3       | Check:     | \--\>      | NR RRC:    | 1       | P  |
|         | Does the   |            | *RRCSet    |         |    |
|         | UE         |            | upRequest* |         |    |
|         | transmit   |            |            |         |    |
|         | an         |            |            |         |    |
|         | *RRCSet    |            |            |         |    |
|         | upRequest* |            |            |         |    |
|         | on NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 1?         |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 4       | The SS     | \<\--      | NR RRC:    | \-      | \- |
|         | transmits  |            | *RRCSetup* |         |    |
|         | an         |            |            |         |    |
|         | RRCSetup   |            |            |         |    |
|         | message.   |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 5       | Check:     | \--\>      | NR RRC:    | 1       | P  |
|         | Does the   |            | *RRCSetu   |         |    |
|         | UE         |            | pComplete* |         |    |
|         | transmit   |            |            |         |    |
|         | an         |            |            |         |    |
|         | *RRCSetu   |            |            |         |    |
|         | pComplete* |            |            |         |    |
|         | message    |            |            |         |    |
|         | indicating |            |            |         |    |
|         | the HPLMN  |            |            |         |    |
|         | (second    |            |            |         |    |
|         | PLMN in    |            |            |         |    |
|         | the list)? |            |            |         |    |
|         |            |            |            |         |    |
|         | Note: This |            |            |         |    |
|         | message    |            |            |         |    |
|         | contains   |            |            |         |    |
|         | an         |            |            |         |    |
|         | RE         |            |            |         |    |
|         | GISTRATION |            |            |         |    |
|         | REQUEST    |            |            |         |    |
|         | message    |            |            |         |    |
|         | according  |            |            |         |    |
|         | to default |            |            |         |    |
|         | message    |            |            |         |    |
|         | contents.  |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 6-21a1  | Steps 5 to | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | 20a1 of    |            |            |         |    |
|         | the        |            |            |         |    |
|         | re         |            |            |         |    |
|         | gistration |            |            |         |    |
|         | procedure  |            |            |         |    |
|         | described  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in TS      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |    |
|         | \[4\]      |            |            |         |    |
|         | subclause  |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4.5.2.2-2  |            |            |         |    |
|         | are        |            |            |         |    |
|         | performed  |            |            |         |    |
|         | on NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 1.         |            |            |         |    |
|         |            |            |            |         |    |
|         | NOTE: The  |            |            |         |    |
|         | UE         |            |            |         |    |
|         | performs   |            |            |         |    |
|         | re         |            |            |         |    |
|         | gistration |            |            |         |    |
|         | and the    |            |            |         |    |
|         | RRC        |            |            |         |    |
|         | connection |            |            |         |    |
|         | is         |            |            |         |    |
|         | released.  |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 22      | The SS     | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | adjusts    |            |            |         |    |
|         | cell       |            |            |         |    |
|         | levels     |            |            |         |    |
|         | according  |            |            |         |    |
|         | to row T1  |            |            |         |    |
|         | of table   |            |            |         |    |
|         | 6.1.1      |            |            |         |    |
|         | .4.3.2-1/2 |            |            |         |    |
|         | to ensure  |            |            |         |    |
|         | UE to lose |            |            |         |    |
|         | coverage.  |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 23      | Wait for   | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | 15s to     |            |            |         |    |
|         | allow UE   |            |            |         |    |
|         | to go out  |            |            |         |    |
|         | of service |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 24      | The SS     | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | adjusts    |            |            |         |    |
|         | cell       |            |            |         |    |
|         | levels     |            |            |         |    |
|         | according  |            |            |         |    |
|         | to row T2  |            |            |         |    |
|         | of table   |            |            |         |    |
|         | 6.1.1.     |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4.3.2-1/2. |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 25      | Check:     | \--\>      | NR RRC:    | 2       | P  |
|         | Does the   |            | *RRCSet    |         |    |
|         | UE         |            | upRequest* |         |    |
|         | transmit   |            |            |         |    |
|         | an         |            |            |         |    |
|         | *RRCSet    |            |            |         |    |
|         | upRequest* |            |            |         |    |
|         | on NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 2?         |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 26      | SS         | \<\--      | NR RRC:    | \-      | \- |
|         | transmits  |            | *RRCSetup* |         |    |
|         | an         |            |            |         |    |
|         | *RRCSetup* |            |            |         |    |
|         | message.   |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 27-30a1 | Steps 3 to | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | 6a1 of the |            |            |         |    |
|         | generic    |            |            |         |    |
|         | test       |            |            |         |    |
|         | procedure  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in TS      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |    |
|         | \[4\]      |            |            |         |    |
|         | subclause  |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4          |            |            |         |    |
|         | .9.5.2.2-1 |            |            |         |    |
|         | are        |            |            |         |    |
|         | performed  |            |            |         |    |
|         | on NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 2.         |            |            |         |    |
|         |            |            |            |         |    |
|         | NOTE: The  |            |            |         |    |
|         | UE         |            |            |         |    |
|         | performs a |            |            |         |    |
|         | re         |            |            |         |    |
|         | gistration |            |            |         |    |
|         | for        |            |            |         |    |
|         | mobility   |            |            |         |    |
|         | procedure  |            |            |         |    |
|         | and the    |            |            |         |    |
|         | RRC        |            |            |         |    |
|         | connection |            |            |         |    |
|         | is         |            |            |         |    |
|         | released.  |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+

##### 6.1.1.4.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-3 .H6}

Table 6.1.1.4.3.3-1: *SIB1 for* NR Cell 1 (all steps, Table
6.1.1.4.3.2-1)

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.6.1-28                                                       
  Information Element                                                         Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                  
  CellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                     
  PLMN-IdentityInfoList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF PLMN-IdentityInfo {   1 entry                  
  PLMN-IdentityInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                          entry 1   
  plmn-IdentityList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF PLMN-Identity {           2 entries                
  plmn-Identity\[1\]                                                          PLMN15         entry 1   
  plmn-Identity\[2\]                                                          PLMN1          entry 2   
  }                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                    
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.1.1.4.3.3-2: *SIB1 for* NR Cell 2 (all steps, Table
6.1.1.4.3.2-1)

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.6.1-28                                                       
  Information Element                                                         Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                  
  CellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                     
  PLMN-IdentityInfoList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF PLMN-IdentityInfo {   1 entry                  
  PLMN-IdentityInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                          entry 1   
  plmn-IdentityList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF PLMN-Identity {           3 entries                
  plmn-Identity\[1\]                                                          PLMN15         entry 1   
  plmn-Identity\[2\]                                                          PLMN1          entry 2   
  plmn-Identity\[3\]                                                          PLMN16         entry 3   
  }                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                    
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.1.1.4.3.3-3: *RRCSetupComplete* (step 5 and 27, Table
6.1.1.4.3.2-2)

  ------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-22                            
  Information Element                               Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  RRCSetupComplete ::= SEQUENCE {                                            
  criticalExtensions CHOICE {                                                
  rrcSetupComplete SEQUENCE {                                                
  selectedPLMN-Identity                             2              PLMN1     
  }                                                                          
  }                                                                          
  }                                                                          
  ------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

#### 6.1.1.4a PLMN selection in shared network environment / Automatic mode / Cells broadcasting multiple PLMN IDs with unique TAC\'s, RAN areas, and cell identities

##### 6.1.1.4a.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#a.1-test-purpose-tp .H6}

Same as TC 6.1.1.4.1

##### 6.1.1.4a.2 Conformance requirements {#a.2-conformance-requirements .H6}

Same as TC 6.1.1.4.2

##### 6.1.1.4a.3 Test description {#a.3-test-description .H6}

##### 6.1.1.4a.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#a.3.1-pre-test-conditions .H6}

Same as TC 6.1.1.4.3.1

##### 6.1.1.4a.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#a.3.2-test-procedure-sequence .H6}

Same as TC 6.1.1.4.3.2

##### 6.1.1.4a.3.3 Specific message contents {#a.3.3-specific-message-contents .H6}

Table 6.1.1.4a.3.3-1: *SIB1 for* NR Cell 1 (all steps, Table
6.1.1.4.3.2-3)

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                                                                    
  Information Element                                                         Value/remark                                    Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                   
  cellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                                                      
  plmn-IdentityInfoList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF PLMN-IdentityInfo {   2 entries                                                 
  PLMN-IdentityInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                           entry 1   
  plmn-IdentityList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF PLMN-Identity {                                                                     
  PLMN-Identity\[1\]                                                          PLMN15                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                     
  trackingAreaCode                                                            \'00000000 00000000 00000001\'B                           
  ranac                                                                       1                                                         
  cellIdentity                                                                \'00000000 00000000 00000001 10000000 1011\'B             
  }                                                                                                                                     
  PLMN-IdentityInfo\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                           entry 2   
  PLMN-IdentityList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF PLMN-Identity {                                                                     
  plmn-Identity\[1\]                                                          PLMN1                                                     
  }                                                                                                                                     
  trackingAreaCode                                                            \'00000000 00000000 00000010\'B                           
  ranac                                                                       2                                                         
  cellIdentity                                                                \'00000000 00000000 00000001 01000000 1010\'B             
  }                                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                                     
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.1.1.4a.3.3-2: *SIB1 for* NR Cell 2 (all steps, Table
6.1.1.4.3.2-3)

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                                                                    
  Information Element                                                         Value/remark                                    Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                   
  cellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                                                      
  plmn-IdentityInfoList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF PLMN-IdentityInfo {   3 entries                                                 
  PLMN-IdentityInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                           entry 1   
  plmn-IdentityList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF PLMN-Identity {                                                                     
  PLMN-Identity\[1\]                                                          PLMN15                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                     
  trackingAreaCode                                                            \'00000000 00000000 00000011\'B                           
  ranac                                                                       3                                                         
  cellIdentity                                                                \'00000000 00000000 00000001 11000000 1101\'B             
  }                                                                                                                                     
  PLMN-IdentityInfo\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                           entry 2   
  PLMN-IdentityList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF PLMN-Identity {                                                                     
  plmn-Identity\[1\]                                                          PLMN1                                                     
  }                                                                                                                                     
  trackingAreaCode                                                            \'00000000 00000000 00000100\'B                           
  ranac                                                                       4                                                         
  cellIdentity                                                                \'00000000 00000000 00000010 00000000 1110\'B             
  }                                                                                                                                     
  PLMN-IdentityInfo\[3\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                           entry 3   
  plmn-IdentityList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF PLMN-Identity {                                                                     
  PLMN-Identity\[1\]                                                          PLMN16                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                     
  trackingAreaCode                                                            \'00000000 00000000 00000101\'B                           
  ranac                                                                       5                                                         
  cellIdentity                                                                \'00000000 00000000 00000010 01000000 1111\'B             
  }                                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                                     
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.1.1.4a.3.3-3: *RRCSetupComplete* (step 5 and 27, Table
6.1.1.4.3.2-3)

  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-22                            
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  RRCSetupComplete ::= SEQUENCE {                                               
  criticalExtensions CHOICE {                                                   
  rrcSetupComplete SEQUENCE {                                                   
  selectedPLMN-Identity                                2              PLMN1     
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

#### 6.1.1.5 PLMN selection of RPLMN, HPLMN/EHPLMN, UPLMN and OPLMN / Automatic mode / User reselection

##### 6.1.1.5.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-4 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-12 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic network selection mode registered to UPLMN
and RPLMN, UPLMN and OPLMN NG-RAN cells available }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is requested to initiate reselection and registration onto
an available PLMN }

**then** { UE reselects to the cell which belongs to higher priority
OPLMN }

}

##### (2) {#section-13 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic network selection mode registered to OPLMN
and only RPLMN NG-RAN cells available }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is requested to initiate reselection and registration onto
an available PLMN }

**then** { UE remains on the current cell which belongs to RPLMN }

}

##### (3) {#section-14 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic network selection mode registered to OPLMN
and RPLMN, UPLMN and OPLMN NG-RAN cells available }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is requested to initiate reselection and registration onto
an available PLMN }

**then** { UE reselects to the cell which belongs to UPLMN }

}

##### (4) {#section-15 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic network selection mode registered to UPLMN
and RPLMN, UPLMN, OPLMN and HPLMN NG-RAN cells available }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is requested to initiate reselection and registration onto
an available PLMN }

**then** { UE reselects to the cell which belongs to HPLMN }

}

##### 6.1.1.5.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-4 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 23.122 clauses 4.4.3.2 and 4.4.3.2.1. Unless otherwise
stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.4.3.2\]

At any time the user may request the MS to initiate reselection and
registration onto an available PLMN, according to the following
procedures, dependent upon the operating mode.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.4.3.2.1\]

The MS selects and attempts registration on PLMN/access technology
combinations, if available and allowable, in all of its bands of
operation in accordance with the following order:

i\) the HPLMN (if the EHPLMN list is not present or is empty) or the
highest priority EHPLMN that is available (if the EHPLMN list is
present);

ii\) PLMN/access technology combinations contained in the \"User
Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file in the SIM
(in priority order) excluding the previously selected PLMN/access
technology combination;

iii\) PLMN/access technology combinations contained in the \"Operator
Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file in the SIM
(in priority order) excluding the previously selected PLMN/access
technology combination;

iv\) other PLMN/access technology combinations with the received high
quality signal in random order excluding the previously selected
PLMN/access technology combination;

v\) other PLMN/access technology combinations, excluding the previously
selected PLMN/access technology combination in order of decreasing
signal quality or, alternatively, the previously selected PLMN/access
technology combination may be chosen ignoring its signal quality;

vi\) The previously selected PLMN/access technology combination.

The previously selected PLMN/access technology combination is the
PLMN/access technology combination which the MS has selected prior to
the start of the user reselection procedure.

NOTE 1: If the previously selected PLMN is chosen, and registration has
not been attempted on any other PLMNs, then the MS is already registered
on the PLMN, and so registration is not necessary.

The equivalent PLMNs list shall not be applied to the user reselection
in Automatic Network Selection Mode.

When following the above procedure the requirements a), b), c), e), f),
g), h), j), k) and l) in subclause 4.4.3.1.1 apply: Requirement d) shall
apply as shown below:

d\) In iv, v, and vi, the MS shall search for all access technologies it
is capable of before deciding which PLMN/access technology combination
to select.

NOTE 2: High quality signal is defined in the appropriate AS
specification.

##### 6.1.1.5.3 Test description {#test-description-4 .H6}

##### 6.1.1.5.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-4 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-4 .H6}

\- Four inter-frequency multi-PLMN cells as specified in TS 38.508-1
\[4\] clause 4.4.1.2 are configured broadcasting default NAS parameters
as indicated in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.2-3.

\- The PLMNs are identified in the test by the identifiers in Table
6.1.1.5.3.1-1.

Table 6.1.1.5.3.1-1: PLMN identifiers

+-----------+-------------+
| > NR Cell | > PLMN name |
+===========+=============+
| > 1       | > PLMN1     |
+-----------+-------------+
| > 12      | > PLMN2     |
+-----------+-------------+
| > 3       | > PLMN3     |
+-----------+-------------+
| > 13      | > PLMN4     |
+-----------+-------------+

##### UE: {#ue-4 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic PLMN selection mode.

\- The UE is equipped with a USIM configuration as defined in TS
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.4.1-6.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-4 .H6}

\- The UE is in state Registered, Idle Mode (state 1N-A) on NR Cell 1
according to TS 38.508-1 \[4\].

##### 6.1.1.5.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-4 .H6}

Table 6.1.1.5.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | Para  | Unit  | NR    | NR    | NR    | NR    | R     |
|       | meter |       | Cell  | Cell  | Cell  | Cell  | emark |
|       |       |       | 1     | 12    | 3     | 13    |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
| T1    | SS    | dBm/  | -88   | -88   | \"    | -88   | The   |
|       | /PBCH | SCS   |       |       | Off\" |       | power |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | level |
|       | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
|       | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ass   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | igned |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sa    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tisfy |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | R~    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | NRCel |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l\ 1~ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | =     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | R~N   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | RCell |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | \ 12~ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | =     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | R~NR  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Cell\ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |  13~. |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (NOTE |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1).   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T2    | SS    | dBm/  | \"    | -88   | \"    | \"    |       |
|       | /PBCH | SCS   | Off\" |       | Off\" | Off\" |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T3    | SS    | dBm/  | -88   | \"    | -88   | -88   | The   |
|       | /PBCH | SCS   |       | Off\" |       |       | power |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | level |
|       | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
|       | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ass   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | igned |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sa    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tisfy |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | R~    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | NRCel |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l\ 1~ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | =     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | R~    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | NRCel |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l\ 3~ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | =     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | R~NR  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Cell\ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |  13~. |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (NOTE |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1).   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Power |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| level |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| "Off" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in TS |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 38.   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 508-1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \[4\] |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Table |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6.2.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .1-3. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 6.1.1.5.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | Para  | Unit  | NR    | NR    | NR    | NR    | R     |
|       | meter |       | Cell  | Cell  | Cell  | Cell  | emark |
|       |       |       | 1     | 12    | 3     | 13    |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
| T1    | SS    | dBm/  | -82   | -82   | \"    | -82   | The   |
|       | /PBCH | SCS   |       |       | Off\" |       | power |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | level |
|       | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
|       | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ass   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | igned |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sa    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tisfy |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | R~    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | NRCel |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l\ 1~ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | =     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | R~N   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | RCell |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | \ 12~ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | =     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | R~NR  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Cell\ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |  13~. |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (NOTE |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1).   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T2    | SS    | dBm/  | \"    | -82   | \"    | \"    |       |
|       | /PBCH | SCS   | Off\" |       | Off\" | Off\" |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T3    | SS    | dBm/  | -82   | \"    | -82   | -82   | The   |
|       | /PBCH | SCS   |       | Off\" |       |       | power |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | level |
|       | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
|       | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ass   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | igned |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | sa    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tisfy |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | R~    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | NRCel |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l\ 1~ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | =     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | R~    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | NRCel |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l\ 3~ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | =     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | R~NR  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Cell\ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |  13~. |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (NOTE |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1).   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Power |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| level |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| "Off" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in TS |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 38.   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 508-1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \[4\] |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Table |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6.    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2.2.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2-2. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 6.1.1.5.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| St        | Procedure | Message   | TP        | Verdict |    |
|           |           | Sequence  |           |         |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+=========+====+
|           |           | U - S     | Message   |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1         | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | changes   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the power |           |           |         |    |
|           | level     |           |           |         |    |
|           | setting   |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | row "T1"  |           |           |         |    |
|           | in table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.1.5   |           |           |         |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 2         | Cause the | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | UE in     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Automatic |           |           |         |    |
|           | network   |           |           |         |    |
|           | selection |           |           |         |    |
|           | mode to   |           |           |         |    |
|           | initiate  |           |           |         |    |
|           | user      |           |           |         |    |
|           | re        |           |           |         |    |
|           | selection |           |           |         |    |
|           | and       |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | onto an   |           |           |         |    |
|           | available |           |           |         |    |
|           | PLMN.     |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 3         | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |         |    |
|           | UE send   |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 12?  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 3A-3B     | Steps 3-4 | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | of Table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 2)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps 4a1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | to 4b5a1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | describe  |           |           |         |    |
|           | behaviour |           |           |         |    |
|           | that      |           |           |         |    |
|           | depends   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on events |           |           |         |    |
|           | happening |           |           |         |    |
|           | prior to  |           |           |         |    |
|           | their     |           |           |         |    |
|           | e         |           |           |         |    |
|           | xecution; |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"lower   |           |           |         |    |
|           | case      |           |           |         |    |
|           | letter\"  |           |           |         |    |
|           | i         |           |           |         |    |
|           | dentifies |           |           |         |    |
|           | a step    |           |           |         |    |
|           | sequence  |           |           |         |    |
|           | that take |           |           |         |    |
|           | place if  |           |           |         |    |
|           | a         |           |           |         |    |
|           | specific  |           |           |         |    |
|           | prior     |           |           |         |    |
|           | event     |           |           |         |    |
|           | takes     |           |           |         |    |
|           | place.    |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 4         | IF 5GS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
| a1-4a16a1 | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |         |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Initial   |           |           |         |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 3B, THEN  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps 5   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 12.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 4b1-4b2   | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 4b3-4b5a1 | IF 5GS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |         |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Mobility  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 3B, THEN  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps 4   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to 6a1 of |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 12.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 5-8       | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 9         | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | changes   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the power |           |           |         |    |
|           | level     |           |           |         |    |
|           | setting   |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | row "T2"  |           |           |         |    |
|           | in table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.1.5   |           |           |         |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 10        | Cause the | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | UE in     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Automatic |           |           |         |    |
|           | network   |           |           |         |    |
|           | selection |           |           |         |    |
|           | mode to   |           |           |         |    |
|           | initiate  |           |           |         |    |
|           | user      |           |           |         |    |
|           | re        |           |           |         |    |
|           | selection |           |           |         |    |
|           | and       |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | onto an   |           |           |         |    |
|           | available |           |           |         |    |
|           | PLMN.     |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 11        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 2       | F  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |         |    |
|           | UE send   |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 12   |           |           |         |    |
|           | within 90 |           |           |         |    |
|           | s?        |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 12        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | changes   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the power |           |           |         |    |
|           | level     |           |           |         |    |
|           | setting   |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | row "T1"  |           |           |         |    |
|           | in table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.1.5   |           |           |         |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 13        | Cause the | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | UE in     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Automatic |           |           |         |    |
|           | network   |           |           |         |    |
|           | selection |           |           |         |    |
|           | mode to   |           |           |         |    |
|           | initiate  |           |           |         |    |
|           | user      |           |           |         |    |
|           | re        |           |           |         |    |
|           | selection |           |           |         |    |
|           | and       |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | onto an   |           |           |         |    |
|           | available |           |           |         |    |
|           | PLMN.     |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 14        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 3       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |         |    |
|           | UE send   |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1?   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 14A-14B   | Steps 3-4 | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | of Table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 2)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 15a1 to   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 15b5a1    |           |           |         |    |
|           | describe  |           |           |         |    |
|           | behaviour |           |           |         |    |
|           | that      |           |           |         |    |
|           | depends   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on events |           |           |         |    |
|           | happening |           |           |         |    |
|           | prior to  |           |           |         |    |
|           | their     |           |           |         |    |
|           | e         |           |           |         |    |
|           | xecution; |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"lower   |           |           |         |    |
|           | case      |           |           |         |    |
|           | letter\"  |           |           |         |    |
|           | i         |           |           |         |    |
|           | dentifies |           |           |         |    |
|           | a step    |           |           |         |    |
|           | sequence  |           |           |         |    |
|           | that take |           |           |         |    |
|           | place if  |           |           |         |    |
|           | a         |           |           |         |    |
|           | specific  |           |           |         |    |
|           | prior     |           |           |         |    |
|           | event     |           |           |         |    |
|           | takes     |           |           |         |    |
|           | place.    |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 15a       | IF 5GS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
| 1-15a16a1 | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |         |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Initial   |           |           |         |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 14B, THEN |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps 5   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 151-15b2  | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 15        | IF 5GS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
| b3-15b5a1 | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |         |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Mobility  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 14B, THEN |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps 4   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to 6a1 of |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 16-19     | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 20        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | changes   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the power |           |           |         |    |
|           | level     |           |           |         |    |
|           | setting   |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | row "T3"  |           |           |         |    |
|           | in table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.1.5   |           |           |         |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 21        | Cause the | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | UE in     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Automatic |           |           |         |    |
|           | network   |           |           |         |    |
|           | selection |           |           |         |    |
|           | mode to   |           |           |         |    |
|           | initiate  |           |           |         |    |
|           | user      |           |           |         |    |
|           | re        |           |           |         |    |
|           | selection |           |           |         |    |
|           | and       |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | onto an   |           |           |         |    |
|           | available |           |           |         |    |
|           | PLMN.     |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 22        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 4       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |         |    |
|           | UE send   |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 3?   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 22A-22B   | Steps 3-4 | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | of Table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 2)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 23a1 to   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 23b5a1    |           |           |         |    |
|           | describe  |           |           |         |    |
|           | behaviour |           |           |         |    |
|           | that      |           |           |         |    |
|           | depends   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on events |           |           |         |    |
|           | happening |           |           |         |    |
|           | prior to  |           |           |         |    |
|           | their     |           |           |         |    |
|           | e         |           |           |         |    |
|           | xecution; |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"lower   |           |           |         |    |
|           | case      |           |           |         |    |
|           | letter\"  |           |           |         |    |
|           | i         |           |           |         |    |
|           | dentifies |           |           |         |    |
|           | a step    |           |           |         |    |
|           | sequence  |           |           |         |    |
|           | that take |           |           |         |    |
|           | place if  |           |           |         |    |
|           | a         |           |           |         |    |
|           | specific  |           |           |         |    |
|           | prior     |           |           |         |    |
|           | event     |           |           |         |    |
|           | takes     |           |           |         |    |
|           | place.    |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 23a       | IF 5GS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
| 1-23a16a1 | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |         |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Initial   |           |           |         |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 22B, THEN |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps 5   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 3.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 23b1-23b2 | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 23        | IF 5GS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
| b3-23b5a1 | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |         |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Mobility  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 22B, THEN |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps 4   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to 6a1 of |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 3.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 24-27     | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| MMI       |           |           |           |         |    |
| command   |           |           |           |         |    |
| "         |           |           |           |         |    |
| TRIGGER\_ |           |           |           |         |    |
| USER\_RES |           |           |           |         |    |
| ELECTION" |           |           |           |         |    |
| to be     |           |           |           |         |    |
| used. AT  |           |           |           |         |    |
| command   |           |           |           |         |    |
| AT+COPS   |           |           |           |         |    |
| is not    |           |           |           |         |    |
| suitable  |           |           |           |         |    |
| to        |           |           |           |         |    |
| achieve   |           |           |           |         |    |
| the test  |           |           |           |         |    |
| purpose.  |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| The 5GS   |           |           |           |         |    |
| reg       |           |           |           |         |    |
| istration |           |           |           |         |    |
| type      |           |           |           |         |    |
| shall be  |           |           |           |         |    |
| only set  |           |           |           |         |    |
| as        |           |           |           |         |    |
| Mobility  |           |           |           |         |    |
| Reg       |           |           |           |         |    |
| istration |           |           |           |         |    |
| for R16   |           |           |           |         |    |
| onwards   |           |           |           |         |    |
| UEs       |           |           |           |         |    |
| according |           |           |           |         |    |
| to TS     |           |           |           |         |    |
| 24.501    |           |           |           |         |    |
| subclause |           |           |           |         |    |
| 5.2.3.2.5 |           |           |           |         |    |
| specified |           |           |           |         |    |
| in        |           |           |           |         |    |
| Release   |           |           |           |         |    |
| 16        |           |           |           |         |    |
| onwards.  |           |           |           |         |    |
| The       |           |           |           |         |    |
| EXCEPTION |           |           |           |         |    |
| de        |           |           |           |         |    |
| scription |           |           |           |         |    |
| applies   |           |           |           |         |    |
| only to   |           |           |           |         |    |
| R15 UEs.  |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+

##### 6.1.1.5.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-4 .H6}

None

#### 6.1.1.6 PLMN selection / Periodic reselection / MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer

##### 6.1.1.6.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-5 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-16 .H6}

***with* { UE configured with "MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer" }**

***ensure that* {**

***when* { UE camps on an NG-RAN VPLMN cell upon switch on and cells of
a higher priority NG-RAN PLMN available }**

***then* { the MS shall make the first attempt to access the HPLMN or an
EHPLMN or higher priority PLMN after a period of at least 2 minutes }**

**}**

##### (2) {#section-17 .H6}

***with* { UE configured with "MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer", having made
first attempt to higher priority PLMN and camped on an NG-RAN VPLMN cell
and cells of a higher priority NG-RAN PLMN available }**

***ensure that* {**

***when* { the higher priority PLMN search timer T stored in the USIM or
the default value for T is less than the "MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer"
}**

***then* { UE shall not use a value for T that is less than the
"MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer" and selects and camps on a cell of the
highest priority PLMN and attempts a location registration on the
selected cell upon expiry of "MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer" }**

**}**

##### 6.1.1.6.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-5 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present test
case are specified in: TS 23.122, clause 4.4.3.3.1 Unless otherwise
stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.4.3.3.1\]

If the MS is configured with the MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer as specified
in 3GPP TS 24.368 \[50\] or 3GPP TS 31.102 \[40\], the MS shall not use
a value for T that is less than the MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer. If the
value stored in the SIM, or the default value for T (when no value is
stored in the SIM), is less than the MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer, then T
shall be set to the MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer.

The MS does not stop timer T, as described in 3GPP TS 24.008 \[23\] and
3GPP TS 24.301 \[23A\], when it activates power saving mode (PSM) (see
3GPP TS 23.682 \[27A\]) or mobile initiated connection only mode (MICO)
as described in 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\].

The MS can be configured for Fast First Higher Priority PLMN search as
specified in 3GPP TS 31.102 \[40\] or 3GPP TS 24.368 \[50\]. Fast First
Higher Priority PLMN search is enabled if the corresponding
configuration parameter is present and set to enabled. Otherwise, Fast
First Higher Priority PLMN search is disabled.

The attempts to access the HPLMN or an EHPLMN or higher priority PLMN
shall be as specified below:

a\) The periodic attempts shall only be performed in automatic mode when
the MS is roaming, and not while the MS is attached for emergency bearer
services, is registered for emergency services, has a PDU session for
emergency services or has a PDN connection for emergency bearer
services;

b\) The MS shall make the first attempt after a period of at least
2 minutes and at most T minutes:

\- only after switch on if Fast First Higher Priority PLMN search is
disabled; or

\- after switch on or upon selecting a VPLMN if Fast First Higher
Priority PLMN search is enabled.

c\) The MS shall make the following attempts if the MS is on the VPLMN
at time T after the last attempt;

##### 6.1.1.6.3 Test Description {#test-description-5 .H6}

##### 6.1.1.6.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-5 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-5 .H6}

\- 3 NR cells: NR Cell 11, 12 and 13 as specified in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
table 4.4.2-3 are configured as shown in Table 6.1.1.6.3.1--1.

\- PLMN settings are defined in TS 36.523-1 \[13\] table 6.0.1-1.

Table 6.1.1.6.3.1-1: PLMN identifiers

  NR Cell      PLMN names
  ------------ ------------
               
  NR Cell 11   PLMN1
  NR Cell 12   PLMN15
  NR Cell 13   PLMN16

##### UE: {#ue-5 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic PLMN selection mode.

*-* The UE is equipped with a USIM configuration 11 as per TS 38.508-1
\[4\] Table 6.4.1-11.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-5 .H6}

\- The UE performs a successful registration on PLMN15 after which it is
switched OFF (State 0N-B) as per TS 38.508-1 \[4\] table 4.4A.2-0.

##### 6.1.1.6.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-5 .H6}

Table 6.1.1.6.3.2-1 and Table 6.1.1.6.3.2-2 shows the cell
configurations used during the test. The configuration T0 indicates the
initial conditions. Subsequent configurations marked "T1" & "T2" are
applied at the point indicated in the Main behaviour description in
Table 6.1.1.6.3.2-3. Cell powers are chosen for a serving cell and a
non-suitable \"Off\" cell as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] table
6.2.2.1-3.

Table 6.1.1.6.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+----+-----------+---------+------------+------------+---------+--------+
|    | Parameter | Unit    | NR Cell 11 | NR Cell 12 | NR Cell | Remark |
|    |           |         |            |            |         |        |
|    |           |         |            |            | 13      |        |
+====+===========+=========+============+============+=========+========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | Off        | -88        | Off     |        |
|    |           |         |            |            |         |        |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |            |            |         |        |
+----+-----------+---------+------------+------------+---------+--------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | Off        | -88        | -88     |        |
|    |           |         |            |            |         |        |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |            |            |         |        |
+----+-----------+---------+------------+------------+---------+--------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -88        | -88        | -88     |        |
|    |           |         |            |            |         |        |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |            |            |         |        |
+----+-----------+---------+------------+------------+---------+--------+

Table 6.1.1.6.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+----+-----------+---------+-------------+-------------+-------------+--------+
|    | Parameter | Unit    | NR Cell 11  | NR Cell 12  | NR Cell     | Remark |
|    |           |         |             |             |             |        |
|    |           |         |             |             | 13          |        |
+====+===========+=========+=============+=============+=============+========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | Off         | -82         | Off         |        |
|    |           |         |             |             |             |        |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |             |             |             |        |
+----+-----------+---------+-------------+-------------+-------------+--------+
|    | Qrxlevmin | dBm     | \-          | -91+\       | \-          |        |
|    |           |         |             | Delta(NRf2) |             |        |
+----+-----------+---------+-------------+-------------+-------------+--------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | Off         | -82         | -82         |        |
|    |           |         |             |             |             |        |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |             |             |             |        |
+----+-----------+---------+-------------+-------------+-------------+--------+
|    | Qrxlevmin | dBm     | \-          | -91+\       | -91+\       |        |
|    |           |         |             | Delta(NRf2) | Delta(NRf3) |        |
+----+-----------+---------+-------------+-------------+-------------+--------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -82         | -82         | -82         |        |
|    |           |         |             |             |             |        |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |             |             |             |        |
+----+-----------+---------+-------------+-------------+-------------+--------+
|    | Qrxlevmin | dBm     | -91+\       | -91+\       | -91+\       |        |
|    |           |         | Delta(NRf1) | Delta(NRf2) | Delta(NRf3) |        |
+----+-----------+---------+-------------+-------------+-------------+--------+

Table 6.1.1.6.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| St        | Procedure | Message   | TP        | Verdict |    |
|           |           | Sequence  |           |         |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+=========+====+
|           |           | U - S     | Message   |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1         | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |         |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to row T1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.1.6   |           |           |         |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 2         | Power on  | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | the UE.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 3-22a1    | Steps 1   | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 12.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 23        | Check:    | \--\>     | *NR RRC:  | 1       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | RRCSetu   |         |    |
|           | UE send   |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 13   |           |           |         |    |
|           | after 120 |           |           |         |    |
|           | seconds,  |           |           |         |    |
|           | but       |           |           |         |    |
|           | before    |           |           |         |    |
|           | 720       |           |           |         |    |
|           | seconds   |           |           |         |    |
|           | ("*Mi     |           |           |         |    |
|           | nimumPeri |           |           |         |    |
|           | odicSearc |           |           |         |    |
|           | hTimer")* |           |           |         |    |
|           | from      |           |           |         |    |
|           | power on? |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | and Note  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 3)        |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 23A-23B   | Steps 3-4 | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | of Table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 2)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 23Ca1 to  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 23Cb3a1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | describe  |           |           |         |    |
|           | behaviour |           |           |         |    |
|           | that      |           |           |         |    |
|           | depends   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on events |           |           |         |    |
|           | happening |           |           |         |    |
|           | prior to  |           |           |         |    |
|           | their     |           |           |         |    |
|           | e         |           |           |         |    |
|           | xecution; |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"lower   |           |           |         |    |
|           | case      |           |           |         |    |
|           | letter\"  |           |           |         |    |
|           | i         |           |           |         |    |
|           | dentifies |           |           |         |    |
|           | a step    |           |           |         |    |
|           | sequence  |           |           |         |    |
|           | that take |           |           |         |    |
|           | place if  |           |           |         |    |
|           | a         |           |           |         |    |
|           | specific  |           |           |         |    |
|           | prior     |           |           |         |    |
|           | event     |           |           |         |    |
|           | takes     |           |           |         |    |
|           | place.    |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 23Ca1     | IF 5GS    | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
| -23Ca16a1 | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |         |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Initial   |           |           |         |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 23B, THEN |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps 5   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 13.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 23Cb      | IF 5GS    | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
| 1-23Cb3a1 | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |         |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Mobility  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 23B, THEN |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps 4   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to 6a1 of |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 13.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 24-28a1   | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 29        | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |         |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to row T2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.1.6   |           |           |         |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 30        | Check:    | \--\>     | *NR RRC:  | 2       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | RRCSetu   |         |    |
|           | UE send   |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11   |           |           |         |    |
|           | after 420 |           |           |         |    |
|           | seconds   |           |           |         |    |
|           | ("*Mi     |           |           |         |    |
|           | nimumPeri |           |           |         |    |
|           | odicSearc |           |           |         |    |
|           | hTimer")* |           |           |         |    |
|           | from step |           |           |         |    |
|           | 29? (Note |           |           |         |    |
|           | 1)        |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 30A-30B   | Steps 3-4 | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | of Table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 2)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 30Ca1 to  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 30Cb3a1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | describe  |           |           |         |    |
|           | behaviour |           |           |         |    |
|           | that      |           |           |         |    |
|           | depends   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on events |           |           |         |    |
|           | happening |           |           |         |    |
|           | prior to  |           |           |         |    |
|           | their     |           |           |         |    |
|           | e         |           |           |         |    |
|           | xecution; |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"lower   |           |           |         |    |
|           | case      |           |           |         |    |
|           | letter\"  |           |           |         |    |
|           | i         |           |           |         |    |
|           | dentifies |           |           |         |    |
|           | a step    |           |           |         |    |
|           | sequence  |           |           |         |    |
|           | that take |           |           |         |    |
|           | place if  |           |           |         |    |
|           | a         |           |           |         |    |
|           | specific  |           |           |         |    |
|           | prior     |           |           |         |    |
|           | event     |           |           |         |    |
|           | takes     |           |           |         |    |
|           | place.    |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 30Ca1     | IF 5GS    | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
| -30Ca16a1 | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |         |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Initial   |           |           |         |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 30B, THEN |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps 5   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 30Cb      | IF 5GS    | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
| 1-30Cb3a1 | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |         |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Mobility  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 30B, THEN |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps 4   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to 6a1 of |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 31-35a1   | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Timers in |           |           |           |         |    |
| Steps 23  |           |           |           |         |    |
| and 30    |           |           |           |         |    |
| are       |           |           |           |         |    |
| derived   |           |           |           |         |    |
| from the  |           |           |           |         |    |
| value     |           |           |           |         |    |
| defined   |           |           |           |         |    |
| by the    |           |           |           |         |    |
| "*Mi      |           |           |           |         |    |
| nimumPeri |           |           |           |         |    |
| odicSearc |           |           |           |         |    |
| hTimer".* |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| The 5GS   |           |           |           |         |    |
| reg       |           |           |           |         |    |
| istration |           |           |           |         |    |
| type      |           |           |           |         |    |
| shall be  |           |           |           |         |    |
| only set  |           |           |           |         |    |
| as        |           |           |           |         |    |
| Mobility  |           |           |           |         |    |
| Reg       |           |           |           |         |    |
| istration |           |           |           |         |    |
| for R16   |           |           |           |         |    |
| onwards   |           |           |           |         |    |
| UEs       |           |           |           |         |    |
| according |           |           |           |         |    |
| to TS     |           |           |           |         |    |
| 24.501    |           |           |           |         |    |
| subclause |           |           |           |         |    |
| 5.2.3.2.5 |           |           |           |         |    |
| specified |           |           |           |         |    |
| in        |           |           |           |         |    |
| Release   |           |           |           |         |    |
| 16        |           |           |           |         |    |
| onwards.  |           |           |           |         |    |
| The       |           |           |           |         |    |
| EXCEPTION |           |           |           |         |    |
| de        |           |           |           |         |    |
| scription |           |           |           |         |    |
| applies   |           |           |           |         |    |
| only to   |           |           |           |         |    |
| R15 UEs.  |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 3:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Tolerance |           |           |           |         |    |
| of 5min   |           |           |           |         |    |
| is added  |           |           |           |         |    |
| to allow  |           |           |           |         |    |
| time for  |           |           |           |         |    |
| the UE to |           |           |           |         |    |
| find the  |           |           |           |         |    |
| proper    |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN.     |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+

##### 6.1.1.6.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-5 .H6}

None

#### 6.1.1.7 PLMN selection of RPLMN or (E)HPLMN; Automatic mode

##### 6.1.1.7.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-6 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-18 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic network selection mode **and** RPLMN, EHPLMN
and HPLMN cells available **and** UE is fitted with a USIM containing
the EHPLMN list **and** the USIM indicates RPLMN or (E)HPLMN should be
selected }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is switched on }

**then** { UE selects a cell of the RPLMN or EHPLMN. }

}

##### (2) {#section-19 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic network selection mode **and** RPLMN, HPLMN
and VPLMN cells available **and** UE is fitted with a USIM not
containing or containing empty EHPLMN list **and** the USIM indicates
RPLMN or (E)HPLMN should be selected }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is switched on }

**then** { UE selects a cell of the RPLMN or HPLMN. }

}

##### 6.1.1.7.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-6 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 38.304 clause 5.1.2.2, TS 23.122 clauses 1.2, 4.4.3.1
and 4.4.3.1.1. Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.304 clause 5.1.2.2\]

The UE shall scan all RF channels in the NR bands according to its
capabilities to find available PLMNs. On each carrier, the UE shall
search for the strongest cell and read its system information, in order
to find out which PLMN(s) the cell belongs to. If the UE can read one or
several PLMN identities in the strongest cell, each found PLMN (see the
PLMN reading in TS 38.331 \[3\]) shall be reported to the NAS as a high
quality PLMN (but without the RSRP value), provided that the following
high-quality criterion is fulfilled:

1\. For an NR Cell, the measured RSRP value shall be greater than or
equal to -110 dBm.

\...

Once the UE has selected a PLMN, the cell selection procedure shall be
performed in order to select a suitable cell of that PLMN to camp on.

\[TS 23.122, clause 1.2\]

**Equivalent HPLMN list:** To allow provision for multiple HPLMN codes,
PLMN codes that are present within this list shall replace the HPLMN
code derived from the IMSI for PLMN selection purposes. This list is
stored on the USIM and is known as the EHPLMN list. The EHPLMN list may
also contain the HPLMN code derived from the IMSI. If the HPLMN code
derived from the IMSI is not present in the EHPLMN list then it shall be
treated as a Visited PLMN for PLMN selection purposes.

\[TS 23.122 clause 4.4.3.1\]

At switch on, or following recovery from lack of coverage, the MS
selects the registered PLMN or equivalent PLMN (if it is available)
using all access technologies that the MS is capable of and if necessary
(in the case of recovery from lack of coverage, see subclause 4.5.2)
attempts to perform a Location Registration.

NOTE 1: The MS in automatic network selection mode can end the PLMN
search procedure once the registered PLMN or equivalent PLMN is found on
an access technology.

NOTE 2: An MS in automatic network selection mode can use location
information to determine which PLMNs can be available in its present
location.

EXCEPTION: As an alternative option to this, if the MS is in automatic
network selection mode and it finds coverage of an EHPLMN, the MS may
register to that EHPLMN and not return to the registered PLMN or
equivalent PLMN. If the EHPLMN list is not present or is empty, and the
HPLMN is available, the MS may register on the HPLMN and not return to
the registered PLMN or equivalent PLMN. The operator shall be able to
control by SIM configuration whether an MS that supports this option is
permitted to perform this alternative behaviour.

\[TS 23.122 clause 4.4.3.1.1\]

The MS selects and attempts registration on other PLMN/access technology
combinations, if available and allowable, in the following order:

i\) either the HPLMN (if the EHPLMN list is not present or is empty) or
the highest priority EHPLMN that is available (if the EHPLMN list is
present);

ii\) each PLMN/access technology combination in the \"User Controlled
PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file in the SIM (in priority
order);

iii\) each PLMN/access technology combination in the \"Operator
Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file in the SIM
(in priority order);

iv\) other PLMN/access technology combinations with received high
quality signal in random order;

v\) other PLMN/access technology combinations in order of decreasing
signal quality.

##### 6.1.1.7.3 Test description {#test-description-6 .H6}

##### 6.1.1.7.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-6 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-6 .H6}

\- 4 NR Cells as specified in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] table 4.4.2-3 are
configured as shown in Table 6.1.1.7.3.1--1. PLMN settings are defined
in TS 36.523-1 \[13\] table 6.0.1-1.

Table 6.1.1.7.3.1-1: PLMN identifiers

  NR Cell      PLMN names
  ------------ ------------
               
  NR Cell 12   PLMN4
  NR Cell 1    PLMN1
  NR Cell 11   PLMN15
  NR Cell 13   PLMN3

##### UE: {#ue-6 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic PLMN selection mode.

\- USIM configurations 2 and 3 will be used as specified in tables
6.4.1-2 and 6.4.1-3 in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]. The points at which each USIM
configuration is used is specified in 6.1.1.7.3.2-2.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-6 .H6}

\- The UE performs a successful registration on PLMN4 after which the UE
is brought into the state Switched OFF (state 0N-B) according to Table
4.4A.2-0 TS 38.508-1 \[4\].

##### 6.1.1.7.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-6 .H6}

Table 6.1.1.7.3.2-1 for FR1 and table 6.1.1.7.3.2-2 for FR2 illustrate
the downlink power levels to be applied for the cells at various time
instants of the test execution. Row marked \"T0\" denotes the initial
conditions after preamble, while columns marked \"T1\" is to be applied
subsequently in the Main behaviour. The exact instants on which these
values shall be applied are described in the texts in this clause.

Table 6.1.1.7.3.2-1: Cell configuration changes over time for FR1

+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|    | Para  | Unit  | NR    | NR    | NR    | NR    | Re    |
|    | meter |       | Cell  | Cell  | Cell  | Cell  | marks |
|    |       |       | 1     | 12    | 11    | 13    |       |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T0 | SS    | dB    | \"    | -88   | -88   | \"    | Power |
|    | /PBCH | m/SCS | Off\" |       |       | Off\" | level |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | "Off" |
|    | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
|    | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | in TS |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 38.   |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 508-1 |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | \[4\] |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | Table |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6.2.  |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2.1-3 |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T1 | SS    | dB    | -88   | -88   | \"    | -88   | Power |
|    | /PBCH | m/SCS |       |       | Off\" |       | level |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | "Off" |
|    | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
|    | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | in TS |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 38.   |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 508-1 |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | \[4\] |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | Table |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6.2.  |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2.1-3 |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 6.1.1.7.3.2-2: Cell configuration changes over time for FR2

+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|    | Para  | Unit  | NR    | NR    | NR    | NR    | Re    |
|    | meter |       | Cell  | Cell  | Cell  | Cell  | marks |
|    |       |       | 1     | 12    | 11    | 13    |       |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T0 | SS    | dB    | \"    | -82   | -82   | \"    | Power |
|    | /PBCH | m/SCS | Off\" |       |       | Off\" | level |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | "Off" |
|    | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
|    | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | in TS |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 38.   |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 508-1 |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | \[4\] |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | Table |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6.2.  |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2.1-3 |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|    | Qrxl  | dBm   | \-    | -91+\ | -91+\ | \-    |       |
|    | evmin |       |       | D     | D     |       |       |
|    |       |       |       | elta( | elta( |       |       |
|    |       |       |       | NRf2) | NRf1) |       |       |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T1 | SS    | dB    | -82   | -82   | \"    | -82   | Power |
|    | /PBCH | m/SCS |       |       | Off\" |       | level |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | "Off" |
|    | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
|    | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | in TS |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 38.   |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 508-1 |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | \[4\] |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | Table |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6.2.  |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2.1-3 |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|    | Qrxl  | dBm   | -91+\ | -91+\ | \-    | -91+\ |       |
|    | evmin |       | D     | D     |       | D     |       |
|    |       |       | elta( | elta( |       | elta( |       |
|    |       |       | NRf1) | NRf2) |       | NRf3) |       |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 6.1.1.7.3.2-3 Main behaviour

+-------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| St    | Procedure   | Message     | TP          | Verdict |    |
|       |             | Sequence    |             |         |    |
+=======+=============+=============+=============+=========+====+
|       |             | U - S       | Message     |         |    |
+-------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 1     | Power on    | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|       | the UE with |             |             |         |    |
|       | the USIM    |             |             |         |    |
|       | co          |             |             |         |    |
|       | nfiguration |             |             |         |    |
|       | 2 specified |             |             |         |    |
|       | in table    |             |             |         |    |
|       | 6.4.1-2 TS  |             |             |         |    |
|       | 38.508-1    |             |             |         |    |
|       | \[4\].      |             |             |         |    |
+-------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 2     | Check: Does | \--\>       | NR          | 1       | P  |
|       | the UE      |             | RRC:*RRCSe  |         |    |
|       | transmit an |             | tupRequest* |         |    |
|       | *RRCSe      |             |             |         |    |
|       | tupRequest* |             |             |         |    |
|       | on NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|       | 12 or NR    |             |             |         |    |
|       | Cell 11?    |             |             |         |    |
+-------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 3-20  | Steps       | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|       | 3-20a1 of   |             |             |         |    |
|       | the         |             |             |         |    |
|       | r           |             |             |         |    |
|       | egistration |             |             |         |    |
|       | procedure   |             |             |         |    |
|       | described   |             |             |         |    |
|       | in TS       |             |             |         |    |
|       | 38.508-1    |             |             |         |    |
|       | \[4\] table |             |             |         |    |
|       | 4.5.2.2-2   |             |             |         |    |
|       | are         |             |             |         |    |
|       | performed   |             |             |         |    |
|       | on NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|       | 12 or NR    |             |             |         |    |
|       | Cell 11.    |             |             |         |    |
|       |             |             |             |         |    |
|       | NOTE: The   |             |             |         |    |
|       | UE performs |             |             |         |    |
|       | r           |             |             |         |    |
|       | egistration |             |             |         |    |
|       | with valid  |             |             |         |    |
|       | stored      |             |             |         |    |
|       | security    |             |             |         |    |
|       | context     |             |             |         |    |
|       | (see        |             |             |         |    |
|       | preamble)   |             |             |         |    |
|       | and the RRC |             |             |         |    |
|       | connection  |             |             |         |    |
|       | is          |             |             |         |    |
|       | released.   |             |             |         |    |
+-------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 21    | Void        | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
+-------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 22    | The generic | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|       | test        |             |             |         |    |
|       | procedure   |             |             |         |    |
|       | in TS       |             |             |         |    |
|       | 38.508-1    |             |             |         |    |
|       | \[4\] Table |             |             |         |    |
|       | 4.9.6.1-1   |             |             |         |    |
|       | of Switch   |             |             |         |    |
|       | off         |             |             |         |    |
|       | procedure   |             |             |         |    |
|       | in          |             |             |         |    |
|       | RRC\_IDLE   |             |             |         |    |
|       | are         |             |             |         |    |
|       | performed.  |             |             |         |    |
+-------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 23    | Void        | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
+-------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 24    | The SS      | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|       | adjusts     |             |             |         |    |
|       | cell levels |             |             |         |    |
|       | according   |             |             |         |    |
|       | to row T1   |             |             |         |    |
|       | of table    |             |             |         |    |
|       | 6.1         |             |             |         |    |
|       | .1.7.3.2-1. |             |             |         |    |
+-------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 25    | The UE is   | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|       | brought     |             |             |         |    |
|       | back to     |             |             |         |    |
|       | operation   |             |             |         |    |
|       | with the    |             |             |         |    |
|       | USIM        |             |             |         |    |
|       | co          |             |             |         |    |
|       | nfiguration |             |             |         |    |
|       | 3 specified |             |             |         |    |
|       | in table    |             |             |         |    |
|       | 6.4.1-3 TS  |             |             |         |    |
|       | 38.508-1    |             |             |         |    |
|       | \[4\].      |             |             |         |    |
+-------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 26    | Check: Does | \--\>       | NR          | 2       | P  |
|       | the UE      |             | RRC:*RRCSe  |         |    |
|       | transmit an |             | tupRequest* |         |    |
|       | *RRCSe      |             |             |         |    |
|       | tupRequest* |             |             |         |    |
|       | on NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|       | 12 or NR    |             |             |         |    |
|       | Cell 1?     |             |             |         |    |
+-------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 27-44 | Steps 3 to  | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|       | 20a1 of the |             |             |         |    |
|       | r           |             |             |         |    |
|       | egistration |             |             |         |    |
|       | procedure   |             |             |         |    |
|       | described   |             |             |         |    |
|       | in TS       |             |             |         |    |
|       | 38.508-1    |             |             |         |    |
|       | \[4\] table |             |             |         |    |
|       | 4.5.2.2-2   |             |             |         |    |
|       | are         |             |             |         |    |
|       | performed   |             |             |         |    |
|       | on NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|       | 12 or NR    |             |             |         |    |
|       | Cell 1.     |             |             |         |    |
+-------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+

##### 6.1.1.7.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-6 .H6}

None

#### 6.1.1.8 PLMN selection of RPLMN or (E)HPLMN; Manual mode

##### 6.1.1.8.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-7 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-20 .H6}

**with** { UE in Manual network selection mode **and** EHPLMN and HPLMN
cells available **and** (E)RPLMN cell is not available **and** UE is
fitted with a USIM containing the EHPLMN list **and** the UE supports
the exception to manual mode selection mode }

**ensure that** {

t**hen** { UE is switched on }

**then** { UE selects a cell of the highest priority EHPLMN. }

}

##### (2) {#section-21 .H6}

**with** { UE in Manual network selection mode **and** HPLMN and VPLMN
cells available **and** (E)RPLMN cell is not available **and** UE is
fitted with a USIM not containing or containing empty EHPLMN list
**and** the UE supports the exception to manual mode selection mode }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is switched on }

**then** { UE selects a cell of the HPLMN. }

}

##### 6.1.1.8.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-7 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 38.304 clause 5.1.2.2, TS 23.122 clauses 1.2, 4.4.3.1
and 4.4.3.1.2. Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.304 clause 5.1.2.2\]

The UE shall scan all RF channels in the NR bands according to its
capabilities to find available PLMNs. On each carrier, the UE shall
search for the strongest cell and read its system information, in order
to find out which PLMN(s) the cell belongs to. If the UE can read one or
several PLMN identities in the strongest cell, each found PLMN (see the
PLMN reading in TS 38.331 \[3\]) shall be reported to the NAS as a high
quality PLMN (but without the RSRP value), provided that the following
high-quality criterion is fulfilled:

1\. For an NR cell, the measured RSRP value shall be greater than or
equal to -110 dBm.

\...

Once the UE has selected a PLMN, the cell selection procedure shall be
performed in order to select a suitable cell of that PLMN to camp on.

\[TS 23.122, clause 1.2\]

**Equivalent HPLMN list:** To allow provision for multiple HPLMN codes,
PLMN codes that are present within this list shall replace the HPLMN
code derived from the IMSI for PLMN selection purposes. This list is
stored on the USIM and is known as the EHPLMN list. The EHPLMN list may
also contain the HPLMN code derived from the IMSI. If the HPLMN code
derived from the IMSI is not present in the EHPLMN list then it shall be
treated as a Visited PLMN for PLMN selection purposes.

\[TS 23.122 clause 4.4.3.1\]

At switch on, or following recovery from lack of coverage, the MS
selects the registered PLMN or equivalent PLMN (if it is available)
using all access technologies that the MS is capable of and if necessary
(in the case of recovery from lack of coverage, see subclause 4.5.2)
attempts to perform a Location Registration.

NOTE 1: The MS in automatic network selection mode can end the PLMN
search procedure once the registered PLMN or equivalent PLMN is found on
an access technology.

NOTE 2: An MS in automatic network selection mode can use location
information to determine which PLMNs can be available in its present
location.

EXCEPTION: As an alternative option to this, if the MS is in automatic
network selection mode and it finds coverage of an EHPLMN, the MS may
register to that EHPLMN and not return to the registered PLMN or
equivalent PLMN. If the EHPLMN list is not present or is empty, and the
HPLMN is available, the MS may register on the HPLMN and not return to
the registered PLMN or equivalent PLMN. The operator shall be able to
control by SIM configuration whether an MS that supports this option is
permitted to perform this alternative behaviour.

\[TS 23.122 clause 4.4.3.1.2\]

The MS indicates whether there are any PLMNs, which are available using
all supported access technologies. This includes PLMNs in the
\"forbidden PLMNs\" list, \"forbidden PLMNs for GPRS service\" list and
PLMNs which only offer services not supported by the MS. An MS which
supports GSM COMPACT shall also indicate GSM COMPACT PLMNs (which use
PBCCH).

If displayed, PLMNs meeting the criteria above are presented in the
following order:

i)- either the HPLMN (if the EHPLMN list is not present or is empty) or,
if one or more of the EHPLMNs are available then based on an optional
data field on the SIM either only the highest priority available EHPLMN
is to be presented to the user or all available EHPLMNs are presented to
the user in priority order. If the data field is not present on the SIM,
then only the highest priority available EHPLMN is presented;

ii)- PLMN/access technology combinations contained in the \" User
Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology \" data file in the SIM
(in priority order);

iii)- PLMN/access technology combinations contained in the \"Operator
Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file in the SIM
(in priority order);

iv)- other PLMN/access technology combinations with received high
quality signal in random order;

v)- other PLMN/access technology combinations in order of decreasing
signal quality.

##### 6.1.1.8.3 Test description {#test-description-7 .H6}

##### 6.1.1.8.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-7 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-7 .H6}

\- 3 NR cells: NR Cells 1, 13 and 12 as specified in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
table 6.3.2.2-1 are configured as shown in Table 6.1.1.8.3.1--1. PLMN
settings are defined in TS 36.523-1 \[13\] table 6.0.1-1.

Table 6.1.1.8.3.1-1: PLMN identifiers

  NR Cell                                         PLMN names
  ----------------------------------------------- ------------
                                                  
  NR Cell 1 (configured during preamble)          PLMN4
  NR Cell 1 (configured in test body all steps)   PLMN1
  NR Cell 13                                      PLMN15
  NR Cell 12                                      PLMN3

##### UE: {#ue-7 .H6}

\- The UE is in Manual PLMN selection mode.

\- USIM configurations 2 and 3 will be used as specified in tables
6.4.1-2 and 6.4.1-3 in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]. The points at which each USIM
configuration is used is specified in 6.1.1.8.3.2-2.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-7 .H6}

\- The UE performs a successful registration on PLMN4 after which the UE
is brought into the state Switched OFF (state 0N-B) according to Table
4.4A.2-0 TS 38.508-1 \[4\].

##### 6.1.1.8.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-7 .H6}

Table 6.1.1.8.3.2-1 for FR1 and table 6.1.1.8.3.2-2 for FR2 illustrate
the downlink power levels to be applied for the cells at various time
instants of the test execution. Row marked \"T0\" denotes the initial
conditions after preamble, while columns marked \"T1\" is to be applied
subsequently in the Main behaviour. The exact instants on which these
values shall be applied are described in the texts in this clause.

Table 6.1.1.8.3.2-1: Cell configuration changes over time for FR1

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|    | rameter |         | 1       | 13      | 12      |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T0 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | -88     | \"Off\" | Power   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | "Off"   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 6.      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.1-3 |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | \"Off\" | -88     | Power   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | "Off"   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 6.      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.1-3 |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.1.1.8.3.2-2: Cell configuration changes over time for FR2

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|    | rameter |         | 1       | 13      | 12      |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T0 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -82     | -82     | \"Off\" | Power   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | "Off"   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 6.      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.1-3 |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Qr      | dBm     | -91+\   | -91+\   | \-      |         |
|    | xlevmin |         | Delt    | Delt    |         |         |
|    |         |         | a(NRf1) | a(NRf3) |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -82     | \"Off\" | -82     | Power   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | "Off"   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 6.      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.1-3 |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Qr      | dBm     | -91+\   | \-      | -91+\   |         |
|    | xlevmin |         | Delt    |         | Delt    |         |
|    |         |         | a(NRf1) |         | a(NRf2) |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.1.1.8.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| St     | Procedure   | Message     | TP          | Verdict |    |
|        |             | Sequence    |             |         |    |
+========+=============+=============+=============+=========+====+
|        |             | U - S       | Message     |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 1      | Power on    | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | the UE with |             |             |         |    |
|        | the USIM    |             |             |         |    |
|        | co          |             |             |         |    |
|        | nfiguration |             |             |         |    |
|        | 2 specified |             |             |         |    |
|        | in table    |             |             |         |    |
|        | 6.4.1-2 TS  |             |             |         |    |
|        | 38.508-1    |             |             |         |    |
|        | \[4\]..     |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 2      | Check: Does | \--\>       | NR          | 1       | P  |
|        | the UE      |             | RRC:*RRCSe  |         |    |
|        | transmit an |             | tupRequest* |         |    |
|        | *RRCSe      |             |             |         |    |
|        | tupRequest* |             |             |         |    |
|        | on NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|        | 13?         |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 3 - 20 | Steps 3 to  | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | 20a1 of the |             |             |         |    |
|        | r           |             |             |         |    |
|        | egistration |             |             |         |    |
|        | procedure   |             |             |         |    |
|        | described   |             |             |         |    |
|        | in TS       |             |             |         |    |
|        | 38.508-1    |             |             |         |    |
|        | \[4\] table |             |             |         |    |
|        | 4.5.2.2-2   |             |             |         |    |
|        | are         |             |             |         |    |
|        | performed   |             |             |         |    |
|        | on NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|        | 13.         |             |             |         |    |
|        |             |             |             |         |    |
|        | NOTE: The   |             |             |         |    |
|        | UE performs |             |             |         |    |
|        | r           |             |             |         |    |
|        | egistration |             |             |         |    |
|        | with valid  |             |             |         |    |
|        | stored      |             |             |         |    |
|        | security    |             |             |         |    |
|        | context     |             |             |         |    |
|        | (see        |             |             |         |    |
|        | preamble)   |             |             |         |    |
|        | and the RRC |             |             |         |    |
|        | connection  |             |             |         |    |
|        | is          |             |             |         |    |
|        | released.   |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 21     | Void        | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 22     | The generic | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | test        |             |             |         |    |
|        | procedure   |             |             |         |    |
|        | in TS       |             |             |         |    |
|        | 38.508-1    |             |             |         |    |
|        | \[4\] Table |             |             |         |    |
|        | 4.9.6.1-1   |             |             |         |    |
|        | of Switch   |             |             |         |    |
|        | off         |             |             |         |    |
|        | procedure   |             |             |         |    |
|        | in          |             |             |         |    |
|        | RRC\_IDLE   |             |             |         |    |
|        | are         |             |             |         |    |
|        | performed.  |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 23     | Void        | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 24     | The SS      | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | adjusts     |             |             |         |    |
|        | cell        |             |             |         |    |
|        | according   |             |             |         |    |
|        | to row T1   |             |             |         |    |
|        | of table    |             |             |         |    |
|        | 6.1         |             |             |         |    |
|        | .1.8.3.2-1. |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 25     | The UE is   | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | brought     |             |             |         |    |
|        | back to     |             |             |         |    |
|        | operation   |             |             |         |    |
|        | with the    |             |             |         |    |
|        | USIM        |             |             |         |    |
|        | co          |             |             |         |    |
|        | nfiguration |             |             |         |    |
|        | 3 specified |             |             |         |    |
|        | in table    |             |             |         |    |
|        | 6.4.1-3 TS  |             |             |         |    |
|        | 38.508-1    |             |             |         |    |
|        | \[4\].      |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 26     | Check: Does | \--\>       | NR          | 2       | P  |
|        | the UE      |             | RRC:*RRCSe  |         |    |
|        | transmit an |             | tupRequest* |         |    |
|        | *RRCSe      |             |             |         |    |
|        | tupRequest* |             |             |         |    |
|        | on NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|        | 1?          |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 27- 44 | Steps 3 to  | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | 20a1 of the |             |             |         |    |
|        | r           |             |             |         |    |
|        | egistration |             |             |         |    |
|        | procedure   |             |             |         |    |
|        | described   |             |             |         |    |
|        | in TS       |             |             |         |    |
|        | 38.508-1    |             |             |         |    |
|        | \[4\] table |             |             |         |    |
|        | 4.5.2.2-2   |             |             |         |    |
|        | are         |             |             |         |    |
|        | performed   |             |             |         |    |
|        | on NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|        | 1.          |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+

##### 6.1.1.8.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-7 .H6}

None

### 6.1.2 NG-RAN Only Cell Selection

#### 6.1.2.1 Cell selection / Qrxlevmin & Cell reselection (Intra NR)

##### 6.1.2.1.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-8 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-22 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { a cell fulfils all requirements for a suitable cell except
the cell selection criteria which are not fulfilled (Srxlev\<0) }

**then** { the UE does not consider the cell suitable and no camping on
this cell can take place }

}

##### (2) {#section-23 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { a cell fulfils all requirements for a suitable cell including
the cell selection criteria for a cell which are also fulfilled
(Srxlev\>0) }

**then** { the UE considers the cell suitable and camps on it }

}

##### (3) {#section-24 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure** **that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell ranked as the best cell }

**then** { UE reselects the new cell }

}

##### (4) {#section-25 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure** **that** {

**when** { a cell fulfils cell selection criteria but trackingAreaCode
is not provided for that PLMN }

**then** { the UE considers the cell as barred and no camping on this
cell can take place }

}

##### 6.1.2.1.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-8 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: 3GPP TS 38.300 clauses 9.2.1.1, 3GPP TS 38.304 clause 4.1,
4.5, 5.2.1, 5.2.3.1, 5.2.3.2 , 5.2.4.6 and 5.3.1. Unless otherwise
stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.300, clause 9.2.1.1\]

The principles of PLMN selection in NR are based on the 3GPP PLMN
selection principles. Cell selection is required on transition from
RM-DEREGISTERED to RM-REGISTERED, from CM-IDLE to CM-CONNECTED and from
CM-CONNECTED to CM-IDLE and is based on the following principles:

> \- The UE NAS layer identifies a selected PLMN and equivalent PLMNs;
>
> \- Cell selection is always based on CD-SSBs located on the
> synchronization raster (see subclause 5.2.4):
>
> \- The UE searches the NR frequency bands and for each carrier
> frequency identifies the strongest cell as per the CD-SSB. It then
> reads cell system information broadcast to identify its PLMN(s):
>
> \- The UE may search each carrier in turn (\"initial cell selection\")
> or make use of stored information to shorten the search (\"stored
> information cell selection\").
>
> \- The UE seeks to identify a suitable cell; if it is not able to
> identify a suitable cell it seeks to identify an acceptable cell. When
> a suitable cell is found or if only an acceptable cell is found it
> camps on that cell and commence the cell reselection procedure:
>
> \- A suitable cell is one for which the measured cell attributes
> satisfy the cell selection criteria; the cell PLMN is the selected
> PLMN, registered or an equivalent PLMN; the cell is not barred or
> reserved and the cell is not part of a tracking area which is in the
> list of \"forbidden tracking areas for roaming\";
>
> \- An acceptable cell is one for which the measured cell attributes
> satisfy the cell selection criteria and the cell is not barred.

Transition to RRC\_IDLE:

> On transition from RRC\_CONNECTED to RRC\_IDLE, a UE should camp on
> the last cell for which it was in RRC\_CONNECTED or a cell/any cell of
> set of cells or frequency be assigned by RRC in the state transition
> message.

Recovery from out of coverage:

> The UE should attempt to find a suitable cell in the manner described
> for stored information or initial cell selection above. If no suitable
> cell is found on any frequency or RAT, the UE should attempt to find
> an acceptable cell.

In multi-beam operations, the cell quality is derived amongst the beams
corresponding to the same cell (see subclause 9.2.4).

\[TS 38.304, clause 4.1\]

The RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE state tasks can be subdivided into
three processes:

> \- PLMN selection;
>
> \- Cell selection and reselection;
>
> \- Location registration and RNA update.

PLMN selection, cell reselection procedures, and location registration
are common for both RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE state. RNA update
is only applicable for RRC\_INACTIVE state. When UE selects a new PLMN,
UE transitions from RRC\_INACTIVE to RRC\_IDLE.

When a UE is switched on, a public land mobile network (PLMN) is
selected by NAS. For the selected PLMN, associated RAT(s) may be set
3GPP TS 23.122 \[9\]. The NAS shall provide a list of equivalent PLMNs,
if available, that the AS shall use for cell selection and cell
reselection.

With cell selection, the UE searches for a suitable cell of the selected
PLMN, chooses that cell to provide available services, and monitors its
control channel. This procedure is defined as \"camping on the cell\".

The UE shall, if necessary, then register its presence, by means of a
NAS registration procedure, in the tracking area of the chosen cell. As
an outcome of a successful Location Registration, the selected PLMN then
becomes the registered PLMN 3GPP TS 23.122 \[9\].

If the UE finds a more suitable cell, according to the cell reselection
criteria, it reselects onto that cell and camps on it. If the new cell
does not belong to at least one tracking area to which the UE is
registered, location registration is performed. In RRC\_INACTIVE state,
if the new cell does not belong to the configured RNA, an RNA update
procedure is performed.

If necessary, the UE shall search for higher priority PLMNs at regular
time intervals as described in 3GPP TS 23.122 \[9\] and search for a
suitable cell if another PLMN has been selected by NAS.

If the UE loses coverage of the registered PLMN, either a new PLMN is
selected automatically (automatic mode), or an indication of available
PLMNs is given to the user so that a manual selection can be performed
(manual mode).

Registration is not performed by UEs only capable of services that need
no registration.

The purpose of camping on a cell in RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE
state is fourfold:

> a\) It enables the UE to receive system information from the PLMN.
>
> b\) When registered and if the UE wishes to establish an RRC
> connection or resume a suspended RRC connection, it can do this by
> initially accessing the network on the control channel of the cell on
> which it is camped.
>
> c\) If the network needs to send a message or deliver data to the
> registered UE, it knows (in most cases) the set of tracking areas (in
> RRC\_IDLE state) or RNA (in RRC\_INACTIVE state) in which the UE is
> camped. It can then send a \"paging\" message for the UE on the
> control channels of all the cells in the corresponding set of areas.
> The UE will then receive the paging message and can respond.
>
> d\) It enables the UE to receive ETWS and CMAS notifications.

\[TS 38.304, clause 4.5\]

The cells are categorised according to which services they offer:

**[acceptable cell:]{.underline}**

An \"acceptable cell\" is a cell on which the UE may camp to obtain
limited service (originate emergency calls and receive ETWS and CMAS
notifications). Such a cell shall fulfil the following requirements,
which is the minimum set of requirements to initiate an emergency call
and to receive ETWS and CMAS notification in an NR network:

> \- The cell is not barred, see subclause 5.3.1;
>
> \- The cell selection criteria are fulfilled, see subclause 5.2.3.2.

**[suitable cell:]{.underline}**

A cell is considered as suitable if the following conditions are
fulfilled:

> \- The cell is part of either the selected PLMN or the registered PLMN
> or PLMN of the Equivalent PLMN list and *trackingAreaCode* is provided
> for that PLMN;
>
> \- The cell selection criteria are fulfilled, see subclause 5.2.3.2.

According to the latest information provided by NAS:

> \- The cell is not barred, see subclause 5.3.1;
>
> \- The cell is part of at least one TA that is not part of the list of
> \"Forbidden Tracking Areas\" (TS 22.261 \[12\]), which belongs to a
> PLMN that fulfils the first bullet above.

**[barred cell:]{.underline}**

A cell is barred if it is so indicated in the system information, as
specified in TS 38.331 \[3\].

**[reserved cell:]{.underline}**

A cell is reserved if it is so indicated in system information, as
specified in TS 38.331 \[3\].

Following exception to these definitions are applicable for UEs:

> \- if a UE has an ongoing emergency call, all acceptable cells of that
> PLMN are treated as suitable for the duration of the emergency call.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.1\]

UE shall perform measurements for cell selection and reselection
purposes as specified in TS 38.133 \[8\].

The NAS can control the RAT(s) in which the cell selection should be
performed, for instance by indicating RAT(s) associated with the
selected PLMN, and by maintaining a list of forbidden registration
area(s) and a list of equivalent PLMNs. The UE shall select a suitable
cell based on RRC\_IDLE or RRC\_INACTIVE state measurements and cell
selection criteria.

In order to expedite the cell selection process, stored information for
several RATs, if available, may be used by the UE.

When camped on a cell, the UE shall regularly search for a better cell
according to the cell reselection criteria. If a better cell is found,
that cell is selected. The change of cell may imply a change of RAT.
Details on performance requirements for cell reselection can be found in
TS 38.133 \[8\].

The NAS is informed if the cell selection and reselection result in
changes in the received system information relevant for NAS.

For normal service, the UE shall camp on a suitable cell, monitor
control channel(s) of that cell so that the UE can:

> \- receive system information from the PLMN; and
>
> \- receive registration area information from the PLMN, e.g., tracking
> area information; and
>
> \- receive other AS and NAS Information; and
>
> \- if registered:
>
> \- receive paging and notification messages from the PLMN; and
>
> \- initiate transfer to Connected mode.

For cell selection in multi-beam operations, measurement quantity of a
cell is up to UE implementation.

For cell reselection in multi-beam operations, using a maximum number
(*nrofSS-BlocksToAverage*) of beams to be considered and a threshold
(*absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation*) which are configured for a cell*,*
the measurement quantity of this cell is derived amongst the beams
corresponding to the same cell based on SS/PBCH block as follows:

> \- if the highest beam measurement quantity value is below the
> threshold:
>
> \- derive a cell measurement quantity as the highest beam measurement
> quantity value, where each beam measurement quantity is described in
> TS 38.215 \[11\].
>
> \- else:
>
> \- derive a cell measurement quantity as the linear average of the
> power values of up to the maximum number of highest beam measurement
> quantity values above the threshold.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.3.1\]

Cell selection is performed by one of the following two procedures:

> a\) Initial cell selection (no prior knowledge of which RF channels
> are NR frequencies):
>
> 1\. The UE shall scan all RF channels in the NR bands according to its
> capabilities to find a suitable cell.
>
> 2\. On each frequency, the UE need only search for the strongest cell.
>
> 3\. Once a suitable cell is found, this cell shall be selected.
>
> b\) Cell selection by leveraging stored information:
>
> 1\. This procedure requires stored information of frequencies and
> optionally also information on cell parameters from previously
> received measurement control information elements or from previously
> detected cells.
>
> 2\. Once the UE has found a suitable cell, the UE shall select it.
>
> 3\. If no suitable cell is found, the initial cell selection procedure
> in a) shall be started.

NOTE: Priorities between different frequencies or RATs provided to the
UE by system information or dedicated signalling are not used in the
cell selection process.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.3.2\]

The cell selection criterion S is fulfilled when:

Srxlev \> 0 AND Squal \> 0

where:Srxlev = Q~rxlevmeas~ -- (Q~rxlevmin~ + Q~rxlevminoffset~ )--
P~compensation~ - **Qoffset~temp~**

Squal = Q~qualmeas~ -- (Q~qualmin~ + Q~qualminoffset~) -
**Qoffset~temp~**

where:

+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Srxlev             | Cell selection RX level value (dB)             |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Squal              | Cell selection quality value (dB)              |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| **Qoffset~temp~**  | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as        |
|                    | specified in TS 38.331 \[3\] (dB)              |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevmeas~       | Measured cell RX level value (RSRP)            |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualmeas~        | Measured cell quality value (RSRQ)             |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevmin~        | Minimum required RX level in the cell (dBm).   |
|                    | If the UE supports SUL frequency for this      |
|                    | cell, Qrxlevmin is obtained from               |
|                    | ***RxLevMinSUL*, if present,** in *SIB1*,      |
|                    | *SIB2* and *SIB4*, additionally, if            |
|                    | Q~rxlevminoffsetcellSUL~ is present in SIB3    |
|                    | and SIB4 for the concerned cell, this cell     |
|                    | specific offset is added to the corresponding  |
|                    | Qrxlevmin to achieve the required minimum RX   |
|                    | level in the concerned cell;                   |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | else Qrxlevmin is obtained from                |
|                    | ***q-RxLevMin*** in *SIB1, SIB2* and *SIB4*,   |
|                    | additionally, if Q~rxlevminoffsetcell~ is      |
|                    | present in SIB3 and SIB4 for the concerned     |
|                    | cell, this cell specific offset is added to    |
|                    | the corresponding Qrxlevmin to achieve the     |
|                    | required minimum RX level in the concerned     |
|                    | cell.                                          |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualmin~         | Minimum required quality level in the cell     |
|                    | (dB). Additionally, if Q~qualminoffsetcell~ is |
|                    | signalled for the concerned cell, this cell    |
|                    | specific offset is added to achieve the        |
|                    | required minimum quality level in the          |
|                    | concerned cell.                                |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevminoffset~  | Offset to the signalled Q~rxlevmin~ taken into |
|                    | account in the Srxlev evaluation as a result   |
|                    | of a periodic search for a higher priority     |
|                    | PLMN while camped normally in a VPLMN 3GPP TS  |
|                    | 23.122 \[9\]                                   |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualminoffset~   | Offset to the signalled Q~qualmin~ taken into  |
|                    | account in the Squal evaluation as a result of |
|                    | a periodic search for a higher priority PLMN   |
|                    | while camped normally in a VPLMN 3GPP TS       |
|                    | 23.122 \[9\]                                   |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~compensation~    | If the UE supports the additionalPmax in the   |
|                    | NS-PmaxList, if present, in *SIB1, SIB2* and   |
|                    | *SIB4:*                                        |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | *max(P~EMAX1~ --P~PowerClass~, 0) --           |
|                    | (min(P~EMAX2~, P~PowerClass~) -- min(P~EMAX1~, |
|                    | P~PowerClass~)) (dB);*                         |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | *else:*                                        |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | *max(P~EMAX1~ --P~PowerClass~, 0) (dB)*        |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~EMAX1~, P~EMAX2~ | Maximum TX power level of a UE may use when    |
|                    | transmitting on the uplink in the cell (dBm)   |
|                    | defined as P~EMAX~ in TS 38.101 \[15\].        |
|                    | P~EMAX1~ and P~EMAX2~ are obtained from the    |
|                    | *p-Max* and *NS-PmaxList* respectively in      |
|                    | *SIB1*, *SIB2* and *SIB4* as specified in TS   |
|                    | 38.331 \[3\].                                  |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~PowerClass~      | Maximum RF output power of the UE (dBm)        |
|                    | according to the UE power class as defined in  |
|                    | TS 38.101 \[15\]                               |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+

The signalled values Q~rxlevminoffset~ and Q~qualminoffset~ are only
applied when a cell is evaluated for cell selection as a result of a
periodic search for a higher priority PLMN while camped normally in a
VPLMN (3GPP TS 23.122 \[9\]). During this periodic search for higher
priority PLMN, the UE may check the S criteria of a cell using parameter
values stored from a different cell of this higher priority PLMN.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.6\]

The cell-ranking criterion R~s~ for serving cell and R~n~ for
neighbouring cells is defined by:

R~s~ = Q~meas,s~ +Q~hyst~ - Qoffset~temp~

R~n~ = Q~meas,n~ -Qoffset - Qoffset~temp~

where:

+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Q~meas~       | RSRP measurement quantity used in cell              |
|               | reselections.                                       |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset       | For intra-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~, if     |
|               | Qoffset~s,n~ is valid, otherwise this equals to     |
|               | zero.                                               |
|               |                                                     |
|               | For inter-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~ plus    |
|               | Qoffset~frequency~, if Qoffset~s,n~ is valid,       |
|               | otherwise this equals to Qoffset~frequency~.        |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset~temp~ | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as specified   |
|               | in TS 38.331 \[3\].                                 |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

The UE shall perform ranking of all cells that fulfil the cell selection
criterion S, which is defined in 5.2.3.2.

The cells shall be ranked according to the R criteria specified above by
deriving Q~meas,n~ and Q~meas,s~ and calculating the R values using
averaged RSRP results.

If *rangeToBestCell* is not configured, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell. If this cell is found to be
not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to subclause 5.2.4.4.

If *rangeToBestCell* is configured*,* then the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the cell with the highest number of beams above the
threshold (i.e. *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation*) among the cells whose
R value is within *rangeToBestCell* of the R value of the highest ranked
cell. If there are multiple such cells, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell among them. If this cell is found
to be not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to subclause 5.2.4.4.

In all cases, the UE shall reselect the new cell, only if the following
conditions are met:

\- the new cell is better ranked than the serving cell during a time
interval Treselection~RAT~;

\- more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.3.1\]

Cell status and cell reservations are indicated in the *MIB or SIB1*
message as specified in TS 38.331 \[3\] by means of three fields:

\- ***cellBarred*** (IE type: \"barred\" or \"not barred\")\
Indicated in *MIB* message. In case of multiple PLMNs indicated in
*SIB1*, this field is common for all PLMNs

\- ***cellReservedForOperatorUse*** (IE type: \"reserved\" or \"not
reserved\")\
Indicated in *SIB1* message*.* In case of multiple PLMNs indicated in
*SIB1*, this field is specified per PLMN.

\- ***cellReservedForOtherUse*** (IE type: \"true\")\
Indicated in *SIB1* message. In case of multiple PLMNs indicated in
*SIB1*, this field is common for all PLMNs.

When cell status is indicated as \"not barred\" and \"not reserved\" for
operator use and not \"true\" for other use,

\- All UEs shall treat this cell as candidate during the cell selection
and cell reselection procedures.

When cell status is indicated as \"true\" for other use,

\- The UE ***shall treat this cell as if cell status is \"barred\"***.

When cell status is indicated as \"not barred\" and \"reserved\" for
operator use for any PLMN and not \"true\" for other use,

\- UEs assigned to Access Identity 11 or 15 operating in their
HPLMN/EHPLMN shall treat this cell as candidate during the cell
selection and reselection procedures if the field
***cellReservedForOperatorUse for that PLMN set to \"reserved\".***

***- UEs assigned to an*** Access Identity ***0, 1, 2 and 12 to 14 shall
behave as if the cell status is \"barred\" in case the cell is
\"reserved for operator use\" for the registered PLMN or the selected
PLMN.***

NOTE 1: Access Identities 11, 15 are only valid for use in the HPLMN/
EHPLMN; Access Identities 12, 13, 14 are only valid for use in the home
country as specified in TS 22.261 \[12\].

When cell status \"barred\" is indicated or to be treated as if the cell
status is \"barred\",

\- The UE is not permitted to select/reselect this cell, not even for
emergency calls.

\- The UE shall select another cell according to the following rule:

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to being unable to acquire the *MIB*:

\- the UE may exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for up to 300 seconds.

\- the UE may select another cell on the same frequency if the selection
criteria are fulfilled.

\- else:

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to being unable to acquire the *SIB1* or due to *trackingAreaCode* being
absent in *SIB1* as specified in TS 38.331 \[3\]:

\- The UE may exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for up to 300 seconds.

\- If the field *intraFreqReselection* in *MIB* message is set to
\"allowed\", the UE may select another cell on the same frequency if
re-selection criteria are fulfilled;

\- The UE shall exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for 300 seconds.

\- If the field *intraFreqReselection* in *MIB* message is set to \"not
allowed\" the UE shall not re-select a cell on the same frequency as the
barred cell;

\- The UE shall exclude the barred cell and the cells on the same
frequency as a candidate for cell selection/reselection for 300 seconds.

The cell selection of another cell may also include a change of RAT.

##### 6.1.2.1.3 Test description {#test-description-8 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.1.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-8 .H6}

System Simulator:

\- NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 11.

\- System information combination NR-2 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-8 .H6}

> \- None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-8 .H6}

\- The UE is in state Switched OFF (state 0-A) according to TS 38.508-1
\[4\].

##### 6.1.2.1.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-8 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.1.3.2-1/2 illustrate the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the cell at various time instants
of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause. Configurations marked
\"T1\", \"T2\", \"T3\" and \"T4\" are applied at the points indicated in
the Main behaviour description in Table 6.1.2.1.3.2-3.

Table 6.1.2.1.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | **Par    | **Unit** | **NR     | **NR     | **       |
|          | ameter** |          | Cell 1** | Cell     | Remark** |
|          |          |          |          | 11**     |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| **T1**   | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -98      | Off      | The      |
|          |          |          |          |          | power    |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | level    |
|          |          |          |          |          | value is |
|          |          |          |          |          | such to  |
|          |          |          |          |          | satisfy  |
|          |          |          |          |          | Srxlev~  |
|          |          |          |          |          | NRCell1~ |
|          |          |          |          |          | \< 0 but |
|          |          |          |          |          | the UE   |
|          |          |          |          |          | is able  |
|          |          |          |          |          | to read  |
|          |          |          |          |          | the PLMN |
|          |          |          |          |          | identity |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Q        | dBm      | -90      | \-       |          |
|          | rxlevmin |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Qrxlevm  | dB       | 0        | \-       |          |
|          | inoffset |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Pcomp    | dB       | 0        | \-       |          |
|          | ensation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| **T2**   | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -80      | Off      | The      |
|          |          |          |          |          | power    |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | level is |
|          |          |          |          |          | such     |
|          |          |          |          |          | that     |
|          |          |          |          |          | Srxlev~  |
|          |          |          |          |          | NRCell1~ |
|          |          |          |          |          | \> 0     |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Q        | dBm      | -90      | \-       |          |
|          | rxlevmin |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Qrxlevm  | dB       | 0        | \-       |          |
|          | inoffset |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Pcomp    | dB       | 0        | \-       |          |
|          | ensation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| **T3**   | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -87      | -78      | The      |
|          |          |          |          |          | power    |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | level    |
|          |          |          |          |          | values   |
|          |          |          |          |          | are      |
|          |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |          |          |          | to       |
|          |          |          |          |          | satisfy  |
|          |          |          |          |          | R~NR     |
|          |          |          |          |          | Cell\ 1~ |
|          |          |          |          |          | \<       |
|          |          |          |          |          | R~NRCe   |
|          |          |          |          |          | ll\ 11.~ |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Q        | dBm      | -90      | -90      |          |
|          | rxlevmin |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Qrxlevm  | dB       | 0        | 0        |          |
|          | inoffset |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Pcomp    | dB       | 0        | 0        |          |
|          | ensation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| **T4**   | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -78      | -85      | The      |
|          |          |          |          |          | power    |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | level    |
|          |          |          |          |          | values   |
|          |          |          |          |          | are      |
|          |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |          |          |          | to       |
|          |          |          |          |          | satisfy  |
|          |          |          |          |          | R~NR     |
|          |          |          |          |          | Cell\ 1~ |
|          |          |          |          |          | \>       |
|          |          |          |          |          | R~NRCe   |
|          |          |          |          |          | ll\ 11.~ |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Q        | dBm      | -90      | -90      |          |
|          | rxlevmin |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Qrxlevm  | dB       | 0        | 0        |          |
|          | inoffset |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Pcomp    | dB       | 0        | 0        |          |
|          | ensation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note:    |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| downlink |          |          |          |          |          |
| signal   |          |          |          |          |          |
| level    |          |          |          |          |          |
| unc      |          |          |          |          |          |
| ertainty |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 38.508-1 |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[4\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| clause   |          |          |          |          |          |
| 6.2.2.1. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 6.1.2.1.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|        | **Par    | **Unit** | **NR     | **NR     | **       |
|        | ameter** |          | Cell 1** | Cell     | Remark** |
|        |          |          |          | 11**     |          |
+========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -100     | Off      | The      |
|        |          |          |          |          | power    |
|        | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | level    |
|        |          |          |          |          | value is |
|        |          |          |          |          | such to  |
|        |          |          |          |          | satisfy  |
|        |          |          |          |          | Srxlev~  |
|        |          |          |          |          | NRCell1~ |
|        |          |          |          |          | \< 0 but |
|        |          |          |          |          | the UE   |
|        |          |          |          |          | is able  |
|        |          |          |          |          | to read  |
|        |          |          |          |          | the PLMN |
|        |          |          |          |          | identity |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|        | Q        | dBm      | -91+Del  | \-       |          |
|        | rxlevmin |          | ta(NRf1) |          |          |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|        | Qrxlevm  | dB       | 0        | \-       |          |
|        | inoffset |          |          |          |          |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|        | Pcomp    | dB       | 0        | \-       |          |
|        | ensation |          |          |          |          |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -82      | Off      | The      |
|        |          |          |          |          | power    |
|        | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | level is |
|        |          |          |          |          | such     |
|        |          |          |          |          | that     |
|        |          |          |          |          | Srxlev~  |
|        |          |          |          |          | NRCell1~ |
|        |          |          |          |          | \> 0     |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|        | Q        | dBm      | -91+Del  | \-       |          |
|        | rxlevmin |          | ta(NRf1) |          |          |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|        | Qrxlevm  | dB       | 0        | \-       |          |
|        | inoffset |          |          |          |          |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|        | Pcomp    | dB       | 0        | \-       |          |
|        | ensation |          |          |          |          |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| **T3** | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -91      | -82      | The      |
|        |          |          |          |          | power    |
|        | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | level    |
|        |          |          |          |          | values   |
|        |          |          |          |          | are      |
|        |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|        |          |          |          |          | to       |
|        |          |          |          |          | satisfy  |
|        |          |          |          |          | R~NR     |
|        |          |          |          |          | Cell\ 1~ |
|        |          |          |          |          | \<       |
|        |          |          |          |          | R~NRCe   |
|        |          |          |          |          | ll\ 11.~ |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|        | Q        | dBm      | -100+Del | -100+Del |          |
|        | rxlevmin |          | ta(NRf1) | ta(NRf1) |          |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|        | Qrxlevm  | dB       | 0        | 0        |          |
|        | inoffset |          |          |          |          |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|        | Pcomp    | dB       | 0        | 0        |          |
|        | ensation |          |          |          |          |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| **T4** | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -82      | -91      | The      |
|        |          |          |          |          | power    |
|        | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | level    |
|        |          |          |          |          | values   |
|        |          |          |          |          | are      |
|        |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|        |          |          |          |          | to       |
|        |          |          |          |          | satisfy  |
|        |          |          |          |          | R~NR     |
|        |          |          |          |          | Cell\ 1~ |
|        |          |          |          |          | \>       |
|        |          |          |          |          | R~NRCe   |
|        |          |          |          |          | ll\ 11.~ |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|        | Q        | dBm      | -100+Del | -100+Del |          |
|        | rxlevmin |          | ta(NRf1) | ta(NRf1) |          |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|        | Qrxlevm  | dB       | 0        | 0        |          |
|        | inoffset |          |          |          |          |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|        | Pcomp    | dB       | 0        | 0        |          |
|        | ensation |          |          |          |          |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 6.1.2.1.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| **St**    | **Pr      | **Message | **TP**    | **        |    |
|           | ocedure** | S         |           | Verdict** |    |
|           |           | equence** |           |           |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+====+
|           |           | **U - S** | **        |           |    |
|           |           |           | Message** |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 1         | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|           | the       |           |           |           |    |
|           | SS/PBCH   |           |           |           |    |
|           | EPRE      |           |           |           |    |
|           | level of  |           |           |           |    |
|           | NR Cell 1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row    |           |           |           |    |
|           | \"T1\" in |           |           |           |    |
|           | table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.1.2.1   |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 2         | The UE is | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | switched  |           |           |           |    |
|           | on.       |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 3         | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1         | F  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |           |    |
|           | UE send   |           | pRequest* |           |    |
|           | an        |           |           |           |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |           |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1    |           |           |           |    |
|           | within    |           |           |           |    |
|           | the next  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 60 s?     |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 4         | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | r         |           |           |           |    |
|           | e-adjusts |           |           |           |    |
|           | the       |           |           |           |    |
|           | SS/PBCH   |           |           |           |    |
|           | EPRE      |           |           |           |    |
|           | level of  |           |           |           |    |
|           | NR Cell 1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | level     |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row    |           |           |           |    |
|           | \"T2\" in |           |           |           |    |
|           | table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.1.2.1   |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 5         | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 2         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |           |    |
|           | UE send   |           | pRequest* |           |    |
|           | an        |           |           |           |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |           |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1?   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 6-23      | Steps 3   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |           |    |
|           | istration |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | described |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | are       |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1.   |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
|           | NOTE: The |           |           |           |    |
|           | UE        |           |           |           |    |
|           | performs  |           |           |           |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |           |    |
|           | istration |           |           |           |    |
|           | and the   |           |           |           |    |
|           | RRC       |           |           |           |    |
|           | c         |           |           |           |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |           |    |
|           | is        |           |           |           |    |
|           | released. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |           |    |
|           | Step      |           |           |           |    |
|           | 23Aa1     |           |           |           |    |
|           | should be |           |           |           |    |
|           | executed  |           |           |           |    |
|           | in case   |           |           |           |    |
|           | of FR2    |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 23Aa1     | SS change | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | NR Cell 1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | SIB1 with |           |           |           |    |
|           | mod       |           |           |           |    |
|           | ification |           |           |           |    |
|           | of        |           |           |           |    |
|           | Q         |           |           |           |    |
|           | rxlevmin. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 24        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | changes   |           |           |           |    |
|           | SS/PBCH   |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
|           | EPRE      |           |           |           |    |
|           | level of  |           |           |           |    |
|           | NR Cell   |           |           |           |    |
|           | 11        |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | row       |           |           |           |    |
|           | \"T3\" in |           |           |           |    |
|           | table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.1.2.1   |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 25-31     | Check:    | \-        | \-        | 3         | \- |
|           | Does the  |           |           |           |    |
|           | test      |           |           |           |    |
|           | result of |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | test      |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
|           | clause    |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.9.5     |           |           |           |    |
|           | indicate  |           |           |           |    |
|           | that the  |           |           |           |    |
|           | UE is     |           |           |           |    |
|           | camped on |           |           |           |    |
|           | NR Cell   |           |           |           |    |
|           | 11?       |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
|           | NOTE 1:   |           |           |           |    |
|           | The UE    |           |           |           |    |
|           | performs  |           |           |           |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |           |    |
|           | istration |           |           |           |    |
|           | and the   |           |           |           |    |
|           | RRC       |           |           |           |    |
|           | c         |           |           |           |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |           |    |
|           | is        |           |           |           |    |
|           | released. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | *-*       | \-        | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |           |    |
|           | Steps     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 32-34 are |           |           |           |    |
|           | not       |           |           |           |    |
|           | a         |           |           |           |    |
|           | pplicable |           |           |           |    |
|           | when      |           |           |           |    |
|           | pc\_S     |           |           |           |    |
|           | NPN\_only |           |           |           |    |
|           | is set to |           |           |           |    |
|           | TRUE.     |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 32        | SS change | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | NR Cell 1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | SIB1.     |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 32A       | Wait for  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 2.1\*     |           |           |           |    |
|           | mod       |           |           |           |    |
|           | ification |           |           |           |    |
|           | period    |           |           |           |    |
|           | second    |           |           |           |    |
|           | for the   |           |           |           |    |
|           | SS to     |           |           |           |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |           |    |
|           | modified  |           |           |           |    |
|           | system    |           |           |           |    |
|           | in        |           |           |           |    |
|           | formation |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 1)  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 33        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | changes   |           |           |           |    |
|           | SS/PBCH   |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
|           | EPRE      |           |           |           |    |
|           | level of  |           |           |           |    |
|           | NR Cell 1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | and 11    |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | row       |           |           |           |    |
|           | \"T4\" in |           |           |           |    |
|           | table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.1.2.1   |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 34        | Check:    | \-        | \-        | 4         | F  |
|           | Does the  |           |           |           |    |
|           | UE send   |           |           |           |    |
|           | an        |           |           |           |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |           |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1    |           |           |           |    |
|           | within    |           |           |           |    |
|           | the next  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 60 s?     |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| The       |           |           |           |           |    |
| mod       |           |           |           |           |    |
| ification |           |           |           |           |    |
| period,   |           |           |           |           |    |
| expressed |           |           |           |           |    |
| in number |           |           |           |           |    |
| of radio  |           |           |           |           |    |
| frames =  |           |           |           |           |    |
| modif     |           |           |           |           |    |
| icationPe |           |           |           |           |    |
| riodCoeff |           |           |           |           |    |
| \*        |           |           |           |           |    |
| d         |           |           |           |           |    |
| efaultPag |           |           |           |           |    |
| ingCycle. |           |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+

##### 6.1.2.1.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-8 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.1.3.3-1: *SIB1* for NR Cell 1 (preamble)

  ---------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------- ------------- ---------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                              
  **Information Element**                              **Value/remark**             **Comment**   **Condition**
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                             
  cellSelectionInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                    
  q-RxLevMin                                           -45                          -90 dBm       FR1
  q-RxLevMin                                           ROUND((-91+Delta(NRf1))/2)                 FR2
  }                                                                                               
  }                                                                                               
  ---------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------- ------------- ---------------

Table 6.1.2.1.3.3-1A: *SIB1* for NR Cell 1 (Step 23Aa1, Table
6.1.2.1.3.2-3)

  ---------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------- ------------- ---------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                                 
  **Information Element**                              **Value/remark**                **Comment**   **Condition**
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                
  cellSelectionInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                       
  q-RxLevMin                                           ROUND(\[-100+Delta(NRf1)\]/2)                 FR2
  }                                                                                                  
  }                                                                                                  
  ---------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------- ------------- ---------------

Table 6.1.2.1.3.3-2: *SIB1* for NR Cell 1 (Step 32, Table 6.1.2.1.3.2-3)

  ---------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- ---------------------- ---------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                                        
  **Information Element**                              **Value/remark**              **Comment**            **Condition**
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                       
  cellSelectionInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                              
  q-RxLevMin                                           -45                           -90 dBm                FR1
  q-RxLevMin                                           ROUND((-100+Delta(NRf1))/2)   -100+Delta(NRf1) dBm   FR2
  }                                                                                                         
  cellAccessRelatedInfo                                CellAccessRelatedInfo                                
  }                                                                                                         
  ---------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- ---------------------- ---------------

Table 6.1.2.1.3.3-3: *CellAccessRelatedInfo* (Table 6.1.2.1.3.3-2)

  ---------------------------------------------------- ----------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.3-16                                     
  Information Element                                  Value/remark            Comment   Condition
  CellAccessRelatedInfo ::= SEQUENCE {                                                   
  plmn-IdentityList                                    PLMN-IdentityInfoList             
  cellReservedForOtherUse                              Not present                       
  }                                                                                      
  ---------------------------------------------------- ----------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.1.2.1.3.3-4: *PLMN-IdentityInfoList* (Table 6.1.2.1.3.3-3)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.3-108                                                      
  Information Element                                                             Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PLMN-IdentityInfoList ::= SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF PLMN-IdentityInfo {   1 entry                  
  PLMN-IdentityInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                              entry 1   
  trackingAreaCode                                                                Not present              
  }                                                                                                        
  }                                                                                                        
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

#### 6.1.2.2 Cell selection / Qqualmin / Intra NR / Serving cell becomes non-suitable (Srxlev \> 0, Squal \< 0)

##### 6.1.2.2.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-9 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-26 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { a cell fulfils all requirements for a suitable cell except
the cell selection criteria which are not fulfilled (Srxlev\>0 AND
Squal\<0) }

**then** { the UE does not consider the cell suitable and no camping on
this cell can take place }

}

##### (2) {#section-27 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { a cell fulfils all requirements for a suitable cell including
the cell selection criteria for a cell which are also fulfilled
(Srxlev\>0 AND Squal\>0) }

**then** { the UE considers the cell suitable and camps on it }

}

##### (3) {#section-28 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { the serving cell becomes non-suitable (Srxlev \> 0 and Squal
\< 0)and there is a suitable neighbour cell (Srxlev \> 0 and Squal \> 0)
}

**then** { UE selects the suitable neighbour cell }

}

##### 6.1.2.2.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-9 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: 3GPP TS 38.300 clauses 9.2.1.1, 3GPP TS 38.304 clause 4.1,
4.5, 5.2.1, 5.2.3.1, 5.2.3.2, 5.2.4.6 and 5.3.1. Unless otherwise stated
these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.300, clause 9.2.1.1\]

The principles of PLMN selection in NR are based on the 3GPP PLMN
selection principles. Cell selection is required on transition from
RM-DEREGISTERED to RM-REGISTERED, from CM-IDLE to CM-CONNECTED and from
CM-CONNECTED to CM-IDLE and is based on the following principles:

\- The UE NAS layer identifies a selected PLMN and equivalent PLMNs;

\- Cell selection is always based on CD-SSBs located on the
synchronization raster (see subclause 5.2.4):

\- The UE searches the NR frequency bands and for each carrier frequency
identifies the strongest cell as per the CD-SSB. It then reads cell
system information broadcast to identify its PLMN(s):

\- The UE may search each carrier in turn (\"initial cell selection\")
or make use of stored information to shorten the search (\"stored
information cell selection\").

\- The UE seeks to identify a suitable cell; if it is not able to
identify a suitable cell it seeks to identify an acceptable cell. When a
suitable cell is found or if only an acceptable cell is found it camps
on that cell and commence the cell reselection procedure:

\- A suitable cell is one for which the measured cell attributes satisfy
the cell selection criteria; the cell PLMN is the selected PLMN,
registered or an equivalent PLMN; the cell is not barred or reserved and
the cell is not part of a tracking area which is in the list of
\"forbidden tracking areas for roaming\";

\- An acceptable cell is one for which the measured cell attributes
satisfy the cell selection criteria and the cell is not barred.

Transition to RRC\_IDLE:

On transition from RRC\_CONNECTED to RRC\_IDLE, a UE should camp on the
last cell for which it was in RRC\_CONNECTED or a cell/any cell of set
of cells or frequency be assigned by RRC in the state transition
message.

Recovery from out of coverage:

The UE should attempt to find a suitable cell in the manner described
for stored information or initial cell selection above. If no suitable
cell is found on any frequency or RAT, the UE should attempt to find an
acceptable cell.

In multi-beam operations, the cell quality is derived amongst the beams
corresponding to the same cell (see subclause 9.2.4).

\[TS 38.304, clause 4.1\]

The RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE state tasks can be subdivided into
three processes:

\- PLMN selection;

\- Cell selection and reselection;

\- Location registration and RNA update.

PLMN selection, cell reselection procedures, and location registration
are common for both RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE state. RNA update
is only applicable for RRC\_INACTIVE state. When UE selects a new PLMN,
UE transitions from RRC\_INACTIVE to RRC\_IDLE.

When a UE is switched on, a public land mobile network (PLMN) is
selected by NAS. For the selected PLMN, associated RAT(s) may be set
3GPP TS 23.122 \[9\]. The NAS shall provide a list of equivalent PLMNs,
if available, that the AS shall use for cell selection and cell
reselection.

With cell selection, the UE searches for a suitable cell of the selected
PLMN, chooses that cell to provide available services, and monitors its
control channel. This procedure is defined as \"camping on the cell\".

The UE shall, if necessary, then register its presence, by means of a
NAS registration procedure, in the tracking area of the chosen cell. As
an outcome of a successful Location Registration, the selected PLMN then
becomes the registered PLMN 3GPP TS 23.122 \[9\].

If the UE finds a more suitable cell, according to the cell reselection
criteria, it reselects onto that cell and camps on it. If the new cell
does not belong to at least one tracking area to which the UE is
registered, location registration is performed. In RRC\_INACTIVE state,
if the new cell does not belong to the configured RNA, an RNA update
procedure is performed.

If necessary, the UE shall search for higher priority PLMNs at regular
time intervals as described in 3GPP TS 23.122 \[9\] and search for a
suitable cell if another PLMN has been selected by NAS.

If the UE loses coverage of the registered PLMN, either a new PLMN is
selected automatically (automatic mode), or an indication of available
PLMNs is given to the user so that a manual selection can be performed
(manual mode).

Registration is not performed by UEs only capable of services that need
no registration.

The purpose of camping on a cell in RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE
state is fourfold:

a\) It enables the UE to receive system information from the PLMN.

b\) When registered and if the UE wishes to establish an RRC connection
or resume a suspended RRC connection, it can do this by initially
accessing the network on the control channel of the cell on which it is
camped.

c\) If the network needs to send a message or deliver data to the
registered UE, it knows (in most cases) the set of tracking areas (in
RRC\_IDLE state) or RNA (in RRC\_INACTIVE state) in which the UE is
camped. It can then send a \"paging\" message for the UE on the control
channels of all the cells in the corresponding set of areas. The UE will
then receive the paging message and can respond.

d\) It enables the UE to receive ETWS and CMAS notifications.

\[TS 38.304, clause 4.5\]

The cells are categorised according to which services they offer:

**[acceptable cell:]{.underline}**

An \"acceptable cell\" is a cell on which the UE may camp to obtain
limited service (originate emergency calls and receive ETWS and CMAS
notifications). Such a cell shall fulfil the following requirements,
which is the minimum set of requirements to initiate an emergency call
and to receive ETWS and CMAS notification in an NR network:

\- The cell is not barred, see subclause 5.3.1;

\- The cell selection criteria are fulfilled, see subclause 5.2.3.2.

**[suitable cell:]{.underline}**

A cell is considered as suitable if the following conditions are
fulfilled:

\- The cell is part of either:

\- the selected PLMN, or:

\- the registered PLMN, or:

\- a PLMN of the Equivalent PLMN list.

\- The cell selection criteria are fulfilled, see subclause 5.2.3.2;

According to the latest information provided by NAS:

\- The cell is not barred, see subclause 5.3.1;

\- The cell is part of at least one TA that is not part of the list of
\"Forbidden Tracking Areas\" TS 22.261 \[12\], which belongs to a PLMN
that fulfils the first bullet above.

**[barred cell:]{.underline}**

A cell is barred if it is so indicated in the system information TS
38.331 \[3\].

**[reserved cell:]{.underline}**

A cell is reserved if it is so indicated in system information TS 38.331
\[3\].

Following exception to these definitions are applicable for UEs:

\- if a UE has an ongoing emergency call, all acceptable cells of that
PLMN are treated as suitable for the duration of the emergency call.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.1\]

UE shall perform measurements for cell selection and reselection
purposes as specified in TS 38.133 \[8\].

The NAS can control the RAT(s) in which the cell selection should be
performed, for instance by indicating RAT(s) associated with the
selected PLMN, and by maintaining a list of forbidden registration
area(s) and a list of equivalent PLMNs. The UE shall select a suitable
cell based on RRC\_IDLE or RRC\_INACTIVE state measurements and cell
selection criteria.

In order to expedite the cell selection process, stored information for
several RATs, if available, may be used by the UE.

When camped on a cell, the UE shall regularly search for a better cell
according to the cell reselection criteria. If a better cell is found,
that cell is selected. The change of cell may imply a change of RAT.
Details on performance requirements for cell reselection can be found in
TS 38.133 \[8\].

The NAS is informed if the cell selection and reselection result in
changes in the received system information relevant for NAS.

For normal service, the UE shall camp on a suitable cell, monitor
control channel(s) of that cell so that the UE can:

\- receive system information from the PLMN; and

\- receive registration area information from the PLMN, e.g., tracking
area information; and

\- receive other AS and NAS Information; and

\- if registered:

\- receive paging and notification messages from the PLMN; and

\- initiate transfer to Connected mode.

For cell selection in multi-beam operations, measurement quantity of a
cell is up to UE implementation.

For cell reselection in multi-beam operations, using a maximum number
(*nrofSS-BlocksToAverage*) of beams to be considered and a threshold
(*absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation*) which are configured for a cell*,*
the measurement quantity of this cell is derived amongst the beams
corresponding to the same cell based on SS/PBCH block as follows:

\- if the highest beam measurement quantity value is below the
threshold:

\- derive a cell measurement quantity as the highest beam measurement
quantity value, where each beam measurement quantity is described in TS
38.215 \[11\].

> \- else:

\- derive a cell measurement quantity as the linear average of the power
values of up to the maximum number of highest beam measurement quantity
values above the threshold.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.3.1\]

Cell selection is performed by one of the following two procedures:

a\) Initial cell selection (no prior knowledge of which RF channels are
NR frequencies):

1\. The UE shall scan all RF channels in the NR bands according to its
capabilities to find a suitable cell.

2\. On each frequency, the UE need only search for the strongest cell.

3\. Once a suitable cell is found, this cell shall be selected.

b\) Cell selection by leveraging stored information:

1\. This procedure requires stored information of frequencies and
optionally also information on cell parameters from previously received
measurement control information elements or from previously detected
cells.

2\. Once the UE has found a suitable cell, the UE shall select it.

3\. If no suitable cell is found, the initial cell selection procedure
in a) shall be started.

NOTE: Priorities between different frequencies or RATs provided to the
UE by system information or dedicated signalling are not used in the
cell selection process.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.3.2\]

The cell selection criterion S is fulfilled when:

Srxlev \> 0 AND Squal \> 0

Srxlev = Q~rxlevmeas~ -- (Q~rxlevmin~ + Q~rxlevminoffset~ )--
P~compensation~ - **Qoffset~temp~**

where:

Squal = Q~qualmeas~ -- (Q~qualmin~ + Q~qualminoffset~) -
**Qoffset~temp~**

where:

+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Srxlev             | Cell selection RX level value (dB)             |
+====================+================================================+
| Squal              | Cell selection quality value (dB)              |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| **Qoffset~temp~**  | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as        |
|                    | specified in TS 38.331 \[3\] (dB)              |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevmeas~       | Measured cell RX level value (RSRP)            |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualmeas~        | Measured cell quality value (RSRQ)             |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevmin~        | Minimum required RX level in the cell (dBm).   |
|                    | If the UE supports SUL frequency for this      |
|                    | cell, Qrxlevmin is obtained from               |
|                    | ***RxLevMinSUL*, if present,** in *SIB1*,      |
|                    | *SIB2* and *SIB4*, additionally, if            |
|                    | Q~rxlevminoffsetcellSUL~ is present in SIB3    |
|                    | and SIB4 for the concerned cell, this cell     |
|                    | specific offset is added to the corresponding  |
|                    | Qrxlevmin to achieve the required minimum RX   |
|                    | level in the concerned cell;                   |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | else Qrxlevmin is obtained from                |
|                    | ***q-RxLevMin*** in *SIB1, SIB2* and *SIB4*,   |
|                    | additionally, if Q~rxlevminoffsetcell~ is      |
|                    | present in SIB3 and SIB4 for the concerned     |
|                    | cell, this cell specific offset is added to    |
|                    | the corresponding Qrxlevmin to achieve the     |
|                    | required minimum RX level in the concerned     |
|                    | cell.                                          |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualmin~         | Minimum required quality level in the cell     |
|                    | (dB). Additionally, if Q~qualminoffsetcell~ is |
|                    | signalled for the concerned cell, this cell    |
|                    | specific offset is added to achieve the        |
|                    | required minimum quality level in the          |
|                    | concerned cell.                                |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevminoffset~  | Offset to the signalled Q~rxlevmin~ taken into |
|                    | account in the Srxlev evaluation as a result   |
|                    | of a periodic search for a higher priority     |
|                    | PLMN while camped normally in a VPLMN 3GPP TS  |
|                    | 23.122 \[9\]                                   |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualminoffset~   | Offset to the signalled Q~qualmin~ taken into  |
|                    | account in the Squal evaluation as a result of |
|                    | a periodic search for a higher priority PLMN   |
|                    | while camped normally in a VPLMN 3GPP TS       |
|                    | 23.122 \[9\]                                   |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~compensation~    | If the UE supports the additionalPmax in the   |
|                    | NS-PmaxList, if present, in *SIB1, SIB2* and   |
|                    | *SIB4:*                                        |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | *max(P~EMAX1~ --P~PowerClass~, 0) --           |
|                    | (min(P~EMAX2~, P~PowerClass~) -- min(P~EMAX1~, |
|                    | P~PowerClass~)) (dB);*                         |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | *else:*                                        |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | *max(P~EMAX1~ --P~PowerClass~, 0) (dB)*        |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~EMAX1~, P~EMAX2~ | Maximum TX power level of a UE may use when    |
|                    | transmitting on the uplink in the cell (dBm)   |
|                    | defined as P~EMAX~ in TS 38.101 \[15\].        |
|                    | P~EMAX1~ and P~EMAX2~ are obtained from the    |
|                    | *p-Max* and *NS-PmaxList* respectively in      |
|                    | *SIB1*, *SIB2* and *SIB4* as specified in TS   |
|                    | 38.331 \[3\].                                  |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~PowerClass~      | Maximum RF output power of the UE (dBm)        |
|                    | according to the UE power class as defined in  |
|                    | TS 38.101 \[15\]                               |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+

The signalled values Q~rxlevminoffset~ and Q~qualminoffset~ are only
applied when a cell is evaluated for cell selection as a result of a
periodic search for a higher priority PLMN while camped normally in a
VPLMN (3GPP TS 23.122 \[9\]). During this periodic search for higher
priority PLMN, the UE may check the S criteria of a cell using parameter
values stored from a different cell of this higher priority PLMN.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.6\]

The cell-ranking criterion R~s~ for serving cell and R~n~ for
neighbouring cells is defined by:

R~s~ = Q~meas,s~ +Q~hyst~ - Qoffset~temp~

R~n~ = Q~meas,n~ -Qoffset - Qoffset~temp~

where:

+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Q~meas~       | RSRP measurement quantity used in cell              |
|               | reselections.                                       |
+===============+=====================================================+
| Qoffset       | For intra-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~, if     |
|               | Qoffset~s,n~ is valid, otherwise this equals to     |
|               | zero.                                               |
|               |                                                     |
|               | For inter-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~ plus    |
|               | Qoffset~frequency~, if Qoffset~s,n~ is valid,       |
|               | otherwise this equals to Qoffset~frequency~.        |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset~temp~ | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as specified   |
|               | in TS 38.331 \[3\].                                 |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

The UE shall perform ranking of all cells that fulfil the cell selection
criterion S, which is defined in 5.2.3.2.

The cells shall be ranked according to the R criteria specified above by
deriving Q~meas,n~ and Q~meas,s~ and calculating the R values using
averaged RSRP results.

If *rangeToBestCell* is not configured, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell. If this cell is found to be
not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to subclause 5.2.4.4.

If *rangeToBestCell* is configured*,* then the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the cell with the highest number of beams above the
threshold (i.e. *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation*) among the cells whose
R value is within *rangeToBestCell* of the R value of the highest ranked
cell. If there are multiple such cells, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell among them. If this cell is found
to be not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to subclause 5.2.4.4.

In all cases, the UE shall reselect the new cell, only if the following
conditions are met:

\- the new cell is better ranked than the serving cell during a time
interval Treselection~RAT~;

\- more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.3.1\]

Cell status and cell reservations are indicated in the *MIB or SIB1*
message TS 38.331 \[3\] by means of three fields:

\- ***cellBarred*** (IE type: \"barred\" or \"not barred\")\
Indicated in *MIB* message. In case of multiple PLMNs indicated in
*SIB1*, this field is common for all PLMNs

\- ***cellReservedForOperatorUse*** (IE type: \"reserved\" or \"not
reserved\")\
Indicated in *SIB1* message*.* In case of multiple PLMNs indicated in
*SIB1*, this field is specified per PLMN.

\- ***cellReservedForOtherUse*** (IE type: \"true\")\
Indicated in *SIB1* message. In case of multiple PLMNs indicated in
*SIB1*, this field is common for all PLMNs.

When cell status is indicated as \"not barred\" and \"not reserved\" for
operator use and not \"true\" for other use,

\- All UEs shall treat this cell as candidate during the cell selection
and cell reselection procedures.

When cell status is indicated as \"true\" for other use,

\- The UE ***shall treat this cell as if cell status is \"barred\"***.

When cell status is indicated as \"not barred\" and \"reserved\" for
operator use for any PLMN and not \"true\" for other use,

\- UEs assigned to Access Identity 11 or 15 operating in their
HPLMN/EHPLMN shall treat this cell as candidate during the cell
selection and reselection procedures if the field
***cellReservedForOperatorUse for that PLMN set to \"reserved\".***

***- UEs assigned to an*** Access Identity ***in the range of 0 to 10
and 12 to 14 shall behave as if the cell status is \"barred\" in case
the cell is \"reserved for operator use\" for the registered PLMN or the
selected PLMN.***

NOTE 1: Access Identities 11, 15 are only valid for use in the HPLMN/
EHPLMN; Access Identities 12, 13, 14 are only valid for use in the home
country as specified in 3GPP TS 22.261 \[12\].

When cell status \"barred\" is indicated or to be treated as if the cell
status is \"barred\",

\- The UE is not permitted to select/reselect this cell, not even for
emergency calls.

\- The UE shall select another cell according to the following rule:

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to being unable to acquire the *MIB* or the *SIB1*:

\- the UE may exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for up to 300 seconds.

\- the UE may select another cell on the same frequency if the selection
criteria are fulfilled.

\- else

\- If the field *intraFreqReselection* in *MIB* message is set to
\"allowed\", the UE may select another cell on the same frequency if
re-selection criteria are fulfilled;

\- The UE shall exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for 300 seconds.

\- If the field *intraFreqReselection* in *MIB* message is set to \"not
allowed\" the UE shall not re-select a cell on the same frequency as the
barred cell;

\- The UE shall exclude the barred cell and the cells on the same
frequency as a candidate for cell selection/reselection for 300 seconds.

The cell selection of another cell may also include a change of RAT.

##### 6.1.2.2.3 Test description {#test-description-9 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.2.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-9 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-8 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 11 have different tracking areas according to
TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.2-3.

\- NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 11 are configured to operate in FR1 bands as
defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] clause 6.2.3.

> \- System information combination NR-2 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
> clause 4.4.3.1.2, and message contents defined in is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-9 .H6}

\- None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-9 .H6}

\- The UE is in state Switched OFF (state 0-A) according to TS 38.508-1
\[4\].

##### 6.1.2.2.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-9 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.2.3.2-1 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the cell at various time instants
of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause. Configurations marked
\"T1\" \"T2\" and \"T3\" are applied at the points indicated in the Main
behaviour description in Table 6.1.2.2.3.2-3.

Table 6.1.2.2.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | P        | Unit    | NR Cell  | NR Cell  | Remark   |
|          | arameter |         | 1        | 11       |          |
+==========+==========+=========+==========+==========+==========+
| T1       | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS | -94      | Off      | The      |
|          |          |         |          |          | power    |
|          | SSS EPRE |         |          |          | level    |
|          |          |         |          |          | value is |
|          |          |         |          |          | such to  |
|          |          |         |          |          | satisfy  |
|          |          |         |          |          | Srxlev~  |
|          |          |         |          |          | NRCell1~ |
|          |          |         |          |          | \> 0 and |
|          |          |         |          |          | Squal~NR |
|          |          |         |          |          | Cell1~\< |
|          |          |         |          |          | 0 but    |
|          |          |         |          |          | the UE   |
|          |          |         |          |          | is able  |
|          |          |         |          |          | to read  |
|          |          |         |          |          | the PLMN |
|          |          |         |          |          | identity |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RSRQ     | dB      | -13.78   | \-       |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Noc      | dBm/SCS | -94      | Noc is   |          |
|          |          |         |          | applied  |          |
|          |          |         |          | for NRf1 |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Q        | dBm     | -110     | \-       |          |
|          | rxlevmin |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Qrxlevm  | dB      | 0        | \-       |          |
|          | inoffset |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Qqualmin | dB      | -12      | \-       |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Qqualm   | dB      | 0        | \-       |          |
|          | inoffset |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Pcomp    | dB      | 0        | \-       |          |
|          | ensation |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| T2       | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS | -78      | -115     | The      |
|          |          |         |          |          | power    |
|          | SSS EPRE |         |          |          | level is |
|          |          |         |          |          | such     |
|          |          |         |          |          | that     |
|          |          |         |          |          | Srxlev~  |
|          |          |         |          |          | NRCell1~ |
|          |          |         |          |          | \> 0 and |
|          |          |         |          |          | Squal~   |
|          |          |         |          |          | NRCell1~ |
|          |          |         |          |          | \> 0     |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RSRQ     | dB      | -10.89   | -31.83   |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Noc      | dBm/SCS | -94      |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Q        | dBm     | -110     | -110     |          |
|          | rxlevmin |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Qrxlevm  | dB      | 0        | 0        |          |
|          | inoffset |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Qqualmin | dB      | -12      | -12      |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Qqualm   | dB      | 0        | -0       |          |
|          | inoffset |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Pcomp    | dB      | 0        | -0       |          |
|          | ensation |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| T3       | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS | -91      | -78      | Srxlev~  |
|          | SSS EPRE |         |          |          | NRCell1~ |
|          |          |         |          |          | \> 0 and |
|          |          |         |          |          | Squal~   |
|          |          |         |          |          | NRCell1~ |
|          |          |         |          |          | \< 0     |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RSRQ     | dB      | -12.56   | -10.89   |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Noc      | dBm/SCS | -94      |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Q        | dBm     | -110     | -110     |          |
|          | rxlevmin |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Qrxlevm  | dB      | 0        | 0        |          |
|          | inoffset |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Qqualmin | dB      | -12      | -12      |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Qqualm   | dB      | 0        | 0        |          |
|          | inoffset |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Pcomp    | dB      | 0        | 0        |          |
|          | ensation |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Srxlev\* | dB      | 19       | 32       | NR Cell  |
|          |          |         |          |          | 11 is    |
|          |          |         |          |          | suitable |
|          |          |         |          |          | cell     |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Squal\*  | dB      | -0.56    | 1.11     |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note:    |          |         |          |          |          |
| The      |          |         |          |          |          |
| downlink |          |         |          |          |          |
| signal   |          |         |          |          |          |
| level    |          |         |          |          |          |
| unc      |          |         |          |          |          |
| ertainty |          |         |          |          |          |
| is       |          |         |          |          |          |
| s        |          |         |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |         |          |          |          |
| in TS    |          |         |          |          |          |
| 38.508-1 |          |         |          |          |          |
| \[4\]    |          |         |          |          |          |
| clause   |          |         |          |          |          |
| 6.2.2.1  |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 6.1.2.2.3.2-2: Void

Table 6.1.2.2.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| St     | Procedure   | Message     | TP          | Verdict |    |
|        |             | Sequence    |             |         |    |
+========+=============+=============+=============+=========+====+
|        |             | U - S       | Message     |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 1      | SS adjusts  | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | the SS/PBCH |             |             |         |    |
|        | EPRE level  |             |             |         |    |
|        | of NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|        | 1 according |             |             |         |    |
|        | to row      |             |             |         |    |
|        | \"T1\" in   |             |             |         |    |
|        | table       |             |             |         |    |
|        | 6.1         |             |             |         |    |
|        | .2.2.3.2-1. |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 2      | The UE is   | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | switched    |             |             |         |    |
|        | on.         |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 3      | Check: Does | \--\>       | NR RRC:     | 1       | F  |
|        | the UE send |             | *RRCSe      |         |    |
|        | an          |             | tupRequest* |         |    |
|        | *RRCSe      |             |             |         |    |
|        | tupRequest* |             |             |         |    |
|        | on NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|        | 1 within    |             |             |         |    |
|        | the next 60 |             |             |         |    |
|        | s?          |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 3A     | The UE is   | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | switched    |             |             |         |    |
|        | off.        |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 4      | SS          | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | re-adjusts  |             |             |         |    |
|        | the SS/PBCH |             |             |         |    |
|        | EPRE level  |             |             |         |    |
|        | of NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|        | 1 level     |             |             |         |    |
|        | according   |             |             |         |    |
|        | to row      |             |             |         |    |
|        | \"T2\" in   |             |             |         |    |
|        | table       |             |             |         |    |
|        | 6.1         |             |             |         |    |
|        | .2.2.3.2-1. |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 4A     | The UE is   | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | switched    |             |             |         |    |
|        | on.         |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 5      | Check: Does | \--\>       | NR RRC:     | 2       | P  |
|        | the UE send |             | *RRCSe      |         |    |
|        | an          |             | tupRequest* |         |    |
|        | *RRCSe      |             |             |         |    |
|        | tupRequest* |             |             |         |    |
|        | on NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|        | 1?          |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 6-23a1 | Steps 3 to  | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | 20a1 of the |             |             |         |    |
|        | r           |             |             |         |    |
|        | egistration |             |             |         |    |
|        | procedure   |             |             |         |    |
|        | described   |             |             |         |    |
|        | in TS       |             |             |         |    |
|        | 38.508-1    |             |             |         |    |
|        | \[4\] Table |             |             |         |    |
|        | 4.5.2.2-2   |             |             |         |    |
|        | are         |             |             |         |    |
|        | performed   |             |             |         |    |
|        | on NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|        | 1.          |             |             |         |    |
|        |             |             |             |         |    |
|        | NOTE: The   |             |             |         |    |
|        | UE performs |             |             |         |    |
|        | r           |             |             |         |    |
|        | egistration |             |             |         |    |
|        | and the RRC |             |             |         |    |
|        | connection  |             |             |         |    |
|        | is          |             |             |         |    |
|        | released.   |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 24     | SS adjusts  | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | the SS/PBCH |             |             |         |    |
|        | EPRE level  |             |             |         |    |
|        | of NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|        | 1 and NR    |             |             |         |    |
|        | Cell 11     |             |             |         |    |
|        | according   |             |             |         |    |
|        | to row      |             |             |         |    |
|        | \"T3\" in   |             |             |         |    |
|        | table       |             |             |         |    |
|        | 6.1         |             |             |         |    |
|        | .2.2.3.2-1. |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 25     | Check: Does | \-          | \-          | 3       | P  |
|        | the test    |             |             |         |    |
|        | result of   |             |             |         |    |
|        | generic     |             |             |         |    |
|        | test        |             |             |         |    |
|        | procedure   |             |             |         |    |
|        | in TS       |             |             |         |    |
|        | 38.508-1    |             |             |         |    |
|        | \[4\] Table |             |             |         |    |
|        | 4.9.5.2.2-1 |             |             |         |    |
|        | indicate    |             |             |         |    |
|        | that the UE |             |             |         |    |
|        | is camped   |             |             |         |    |
|        | on NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|        | 11?         |             |             |         |    |
|        |             |             |             |         |    |
|        | NOTE: The   |             |             |         |    |
|        | UE performs |             |             |         |    |
|        | a           |             |             |         |    |
|        | r           |             |             |         |    |
|        | egistration |             |             |         |    |
|        | for         |             |             |         |    |
|        | mobility    |             |             |         |    |
|        | procedure   |             |             |         |    |
|        | and the RRC |             |             |         |    |
|        | connection  |             |             |         |    |
|        | is          |             |             |         |    |
|        | released.   |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+

##### 6.1.2.2.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-9 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.2.3.3-1: *SIB1* (NR Cell 1, Preamble and all steps of Table
6.1.2.2.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28 with Condition QBASED                            
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                        Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                 
  cellSelectionInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                        
  q-QualMin                                                                  -12                      FR1
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   

Table 6.1.2.2.3.3-2: *SIB2* (NR Cell 1, Preamble and all steps of Table
6.1.2.2.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1 with Condition QBASED                            
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                       Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB2 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                
  intraFreqCellReselectionInfo SEQUENCE {                                                            
  q-QualMin                                                                 -12            -12dB     FR1
  }                                                                                                  
  }                                                                                                  

#### 6.1.2.3 Cell selection / Intra NR / Serving cell becomes non-suitable (S\<0, MIB Indicated barred)

##### 6.1.2.3.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-10 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-29 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { the serving cell becomes non-suitable (S\<0)and there is a
suitable neighbour cell (S\>0) }

**then** { UE selects the suitable neighbour cell }

}

##### (2) {#section-30 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { the serving cell becomes barred and there is a suitable
neighbour cell }

**then** { UE selects the suitable neighbour cell }

}

##### 6.1.2.3.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-10 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: 3GPP TS 38.304 clause 4.1, 5.2.3.2 and 5.3.1. Unless
otherwise stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 4.1\]

The RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE state tasks can be subdivided into
three processes:

\- PLMN selection;

\- Cell selection and reselection;

\- Location registration and RNA update.

PLMN selection, cell reselection procedures, and location registration
are common for both RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE state. RNA update
is only applicable for RRC\_INACTIVE state. When UE selects a new PLMN,
UE transitions from RRC\_INACTIVE to RRC\_IDLE.

When a UE is switched on, a public land mobile network (PLMN) is
selected by NAS. For the selected PLMN, associated RAT(s) may be set
3GPP TS 23.122 \[9\]. The NAS shall provide a list of equivalent PLMNs,
if available, that the AS shall use for cell selection and cell
reselection.

With cell selection, the UE searches for a suitable cell of the selected
PLMN, chooses that cell to provide available services, and monitors its
control channel. This procedure is defined as \"camping on the cell\".

The UE shall, if necessary, then register its presence, by means of a
NAS registration procedure, in the tracking area of the chosen cell. As
an outcome of a successful Location Registration, the selected PLMN then
becomes the registered PLMN 3GPP TS 23.122 \[9\].

If the UE finds a more suitable cell, according to the cell reselection
criteria, it reselects onto that cell and camps on it. If the new cell
does not belong to at least one tracking area to which the UE is
registered, location registration is performed. In RRC\_INACTIVE state,
if the new cell does not belong to the configured RNA, an RNA update
procedure is performed.

If necessary, the UE shall search for higher priority PLMNs at regular
time intervals as described in 3GPP TS 23.122 \[9\] and search for a
suitable cell if another PLMN has been selected by NAS.

If the UE loses coverage of the registered PLMN, either a new PLMN is
selected automatically (automatic mode), or an indication of available
PLMNs is given to the user so that a manual selection can be performed
(manual mode).

Registration is not performed by UEs only capable of services that need
no registration.

The purpose of camping on a cell in RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE
state is fourfold:

> a\) It enables the UE to receive system information from the PLMN.
>
> b\) When registered and if the UE wishes to establish an RRC
> connection or resume a suspended RRC connection, it can do this by
> initially accessing the network on the control channel of the cell on
> which it is camped.
>
> c\) If the network needs to send a message or deliver data to the
> registered UE, it knows (in most cases) the set of tracking areas (in
> RRC\_IDLE state) or RNA (in RRC\_INACTIVE state) in which the UE is
> camped. It can then send a \"paging\" message for the UE on the
> control channels of all the cells in the corresponding set of areas.
> The UE will then receive the paging message and can respond.
>
> d\) It enables the UE to receive ETWS and CMAS notifications.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.3.2\]

The cell selection criterion S is fulfilled when:

Srxlev \> 0 AND Squal \> 0

where:

Srxlev = Q~rxlevmeas~ -- (Q~rxlevmin~ + Q~rxlevminoffset~ )--
P~compensation~ - Q~offsettemp~

Squal = Q~qualmeas~ -- (Q~qualmin~ + Q~qualminoffset~) - Q~offsettemp~

where:

+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Srxlev             | Cell selection RX level value (dB)             |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Squal              | Cell selection quality value (dB)              |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| **Qoffset~temp~**  | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as        |
|                    | specified in TS 38.331 \[3\] (dB)              |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevmeas~       | Measured cell RX level value (RSRP)            |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualmeas~        | Measured cell quality value (RSRQ)             |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevmin~        | Minimum required RX level in the cell (dBm).   |
|                    | If the UE supports SUL frequency for this      |
|                    | cell, Qrxlevmin is obtained from               |
|                    | ***RxLevMinSUL*, if present,** in *SIB1*,      |
|                    | *SIB2* and *SIB4*, additionally, if            |
|                    | Q~rxlevminoffsetcellSUL~ is present in SIB3    |
|                    | and SIB4 for the concerned cell, this cell     |
|                    | specific offset is added to the corresponding  |
|                    | Qrxlevmin to achieve the required minimum RX   |
|                    | level in the concerned cell;                   |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | else Qrxlevmin is obtained from                |
|                    | ***q-RxLevMin*** in *SIB1, SIB2* and *SIB4*,   |
|                    | additionally, if Q~rxlevminoffsetcell~ is      |
|                    | present in SIB3 and SIB4 for the concerned     |
|                    | cell, this cell specific offset is added to    |
|                    | the corresponding Qrxlevmin to achieve the     |
|                    | required minimum RX level in the concerned     |
|                    | cell.                                          |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualmin~         | Minimum required quality level in the cell     |
|                    | (dB). Additionally, if Q~qualminoffsetcell~ is |
|                    | signalled for the concerned cell, this cell    |
|                    | specific offset is added to achieve the        |
|                    | required minimum quality level in the          |
|                    | concerned cell.                                |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevminoffset~  | Offset to the signalled Q~rxlevmin~ taken into |
|                    | account in the Srxlev evaluation as a result   |
|                    | of a periodic search for a higher priority     |
|                    | PLMN while camped normally in a VPLMN 3GPP TS  |
|                    | 23.122 \[9\]                                   |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualminoffset~   | Offset to the signalled Q~qualmin~ taken into  |
|                    | account in the Squal evaluation as a result of |
|                    | a periodic search for a higher priority PLMN   |
|                    | while camped normally in a VPLMN 3GPP TS       |
|                    | 23.122 \[9\]                                   |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~compensation~    | If the UE supports the additionalPmax in the   |
|                    | NS-PmaxList, if present, in *SIB1, SIB2* and   |
|                    | *SIB4:*                                        |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | *max(P~EMAX1~ --P~PowerClass~, 0) --           |
|                    | (min(P~EMAX2~, P~PowerClass~) -- min(P~EMAX1~, |
|                    | P~PowerClass~)) (dB);*                         |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | *else:*                                        |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | *max(P~EMAX1~ --P~PowerClass~, 0) (dB)*        |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~EMAX1~, P~EMAX2~ | Maximum TX power level of a UE may use when    |
|                    | transmitting on the uplink in the cell (dBm)   |
|                    | defined as P~EMAX~ in TS 38.101 \[15\].        |
|                    | P~EMAX1~ and P~EMAX2~ are obtained from the    |
|                    | *p-Max* and *NS-PmaxList* respectively in      |
|                    | *SIB1*, *SIB2* and *SIB4* as specified in TS   |
|                    | 38.331 \[3\].                                  |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~PowerClass~      | Maximum RF output power of the UE (dBm)        |
|                    | according to the UE power class as defined in  |
|                    | TS 38.101 \[15\]                               |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+

The signalled values Q~rxlevminoffset~ and Q~qualminoffset~ are only
applied when a cell is evaluated for cell selection as a result of a
periodic search for a higher priority PLMN while camped normally in a
VPLMN (3GPP TS 23.122 \[9\]). During this periodic search for higher
priority PLMN, the UE may check the S criteria of a cell using parameter
values stored from a different cell of this higher priority PLMN.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.3.1\]

Cell status and cell reservations are indicated in the *MIB or SIB1*
message TS 38.331 \[3\] by means of three fields:

> \- ***cellBarred*** (IE type: \"barred\" or \"not barred\")\
> Indicated in *MIB* message. In case of multiple PLMNs indicated in
> *SIB1*, this field is common for all PLMNs
>
> \- ***cellReservedForOperatorUse*** (IE type: \"reserved\" or \"not
> reserved\")\
> Indicated in *SIB1* message*.* In case of multiple PLMNs indicated in
> *SIB1*, this field is specified per PLMN.
>
> \- ***cellReservedForOtherUse*** (IE type: \"true\")\
> Indicated in *SIB1* message. In case of multiple PLMNs indicated in
> *SIB1*, this field is common for all PLMNs.

When cell status is indicated as \"not barred\" and \"not reserved\" for
operator use and not \"true\" for other use,

> \- All UEs shall treat this cell as candidate during the cell
> selection and cell reselection procedures.

When cell status is indicated as \"true\" for other use,

> \- The UE ***shall treat this cell as if cell status is \"barred\"***.

When cell status is indicated as \"not barred\" and \"reserved\" for
operator use for any PLMN and not \"true\" for other use,

> \- UEs assigned to Access Identity 11 or 15 operating in their
> HPLMN/EHPLMN shall treat this cell as candidate during the cell
> selection and reselection procedures if the field
> ***cellReservedForOperatorUse for that PLMN set to \"reserved\".***
>
> ***- UEs assigned to an*** Access Identity ***in the range of 0 to 10
> and 12 to 14 shall behave as if the cell status is \"barred\" in case
> the cell is \"reserved for operator use\" for the registered PLMN or
> the selected PLMN.***
>
> NOTE 1: Access Identities 11, 15 are only valid for use in the HPLMN/
> EHPLMN; Access Identities 12, 13, 14 are only valid for use in the
> home country as specified in 3GPP TS 22.261 \[12\].

When cell status \"barred\" is indicated or to be treated as if the cell
status is \"barred\",

> \- The UE is not permitted to select/reselect this cell, not even for
> emergency calls.
>
> \- The UE shall select another cell according to the following rule:
>
> \- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\"
> due to being unable to acquire the *MIB* or the *SIB1*:
>
> \- the UE may exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
> selection/reselection for up to 300 seconds.
>
> \- the UE may select another cell on the same frequency if the
> selection criteria are fulfilled.
>
> \- else
>
> \- If the field *intraFreqReselection* in *MIB* message is set to
> \"allowed\", the UE may select another cell on the same frequency if
> re-selection criteria are fulfilled;
>
> \- The UE shall exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
> selection/reselection for 300 seconds.
>
> \- If the field *intraFreqReselection* in *MIB* message is set to
> \"not allowed\" the UE shall not re-select a cell on the same
> frequency as the barred cell;
>
> \- The UE shall exclude the barred cell and the cells on the same
> frequency as a candidate for cell selection/reselection for 300
> seconds.

The cell selection of another cell may also include a change of RAT.

##### 6.1.2.3.3 Test description {#test-description-10 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.3.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-10 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-9 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 11 have different tracking areas according to
TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.2-3.

\- System information combination NR-2 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

UE:

None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-10 .H6}

\- UE is in state 1N-A on NR Cell 1 (serving cell) according to TS
38.508-1 \[4\].

##### 6.1.2.3.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-10 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.3.3.2-1/2 illustrate the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the cells at various time instants
of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause. The configuration T0
indicates the initial conditions for preamble. Configurations marked
\"T1\" and \"T2\" are applied at the points indicated in the Main
behaviour description in Table 6.1.2.3.3.2-3.

Table 6.1.2.3.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

                                                                               **Parameter**      **Unit**   **NR Cell 1**   **NR Cell 11**   **Remark**
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ---------- --------------- ---------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **T0**                                                                       SS/PBCH SSS EPRE   dBm/SCS    -88             \"Off\"          The power level values are assigned to ensure the UE registered on NR Cell 1.
                                                                               Qrxlevmin          dBm        -110            \-               
  **T1**                                                                       SS/PBCH SSS EPRE   dBm/SCS    \"Off\"         -88              Srxlev~NRCell\ 1~ \< 0 (NOTE 1)
                                                                               Qrxlevmin          dBm        \-              -110             
  **T2**                                                                       SS/PBCH SSS EPRE   dBm/SCS    -94             -88              Srxlev~NRCell\ 11~ \> 0, Srxlev~NRCell\ 1~ \> 0
                                                                               Qrxlevmin          dBm        -110            -110             
                                                                               cellBarred         \-         notBarred       barred           Serving cell becomes barred
  NOTE 1: Power level "Off" is defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.2.2.1-3.                                                                  

Table 6.1.2.3.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

                                                                                 **Parameter**      **Unit**   **NR Cell 1**      **NR Cell 11**     **Remark**
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------------ ---------- ------------------ ------------------ -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **T0**                                                                         SS/PBCH SSS EPRE   dBm/SCS    -82                \"Off\"            The power level values are assigned to ensure the UE registered on NR Cell 1.
                                                                                 Qrxlevmin          dBm        -110+Delta(NRf1)   \-                 
  **T1**                                                                         SS/PBCH SSS EPRE   dBm/SCS    \"Off\"            -82                Srxlev~NRCell\ 1~ \< 0 (NOTE 1)
                                                                                 Qrxlevmin          dBm        \-                 -110+Delta(NRf1)   
  **T2**                                                                         SS/PBCH SSS EPRE   dBm/SCS    -91                -82                Srxlev~NRCell\ 11~ \> 0, Srxlev~NRCell\ 1~ \> 0
                                                                                 Qrxlevmin          dBm        -110+Delta(NRf1)   -110+Delta(NRf1)   
                                                                                 cellBarred         \-         notBarred          barred             Serving cell becomes barred
  NOTE 1: Power level "Off" is defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.2.2.2.2-2.                                                                       

Table 6.1.2.3.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+--------+------------+------------+------------+------------+----+
| **St** | **P        | **Message  | **TP**     | *          |    |
|        | rocedure** | Sequence** |            | *Verdict** |    |
+========+============+============+============+============+====+
|        |            | **U - S**  | *          |            |    |
|        |            |            | *Message** |            |    |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+------------+----+
| 1      | SS         | \-         | \-         | \-         | \- |
|        | re-adjusts |            |            |            |    |
|        | the        |            |            |            |    |
|        | SS/PBCH    |            |            |            |    |
|        | EPRE level |            |            |            |    |
|        | of NR Cell |            |            |            |    |
|        | 1 and NR   |            |            |            |    |
|        | Cell 11    |            |            |            |    |
|        | according  |            |            |            |    |
|        | to row     |            |            |            |    |
|        | \"T1\" in  |            |            |            |    |
|        | table      |            |            |            |    |
|        | 6.1.2.     |            |            |            |    |
|        | 3.3.2-1/2. |            |            |            |    |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+------------+----+
| 2      | Check:     | \-         | \-         | 1          | \- |
|        | Does the   |            |            |            |    |
|        | test       |            |            |            |    |
|        | result of  |            |            |            |    |
|        | generic    |            |            |            |    |
|        | test       |            |            |            |    |
|        | procedure  |            |            |            |    |
|        | in TS      |            |            |            |    |
|        | 38.508-1   |            |            |            |    |
|        | \[4\]      |            |            |            |    |
|        | clause     |            |            |            |    |
|        | 4.9.5      |            |            |            |    |
|        | indicate   |            |            |            |    |
|        | that the   |            |            |            |    |
|        | UE is      |            |            |            |    |
|        | camped on  |            |            |            |    |
|        | NR Cell    |            |            |            |    |
|        | 11?        |            |            |            |    |
|        |            |            |            |            |    |
|        | NOTE: The  |            |            |            |    |
|        | UE         |            |            |            |    |
|        | performs a |            |            |            |    |
|        | re         |            |            |            |    |
|        | gistration |            |            |            |    |
|        | for        |            |            |            |    |
|        | mobility   |            |            |            |    |
|        | procedure  |            |            |            |    |
|        | and the    |            |            |            |    |
|        | RRC        |            |            |            |    |
|        | connection |            |            |            |    |
|        | is         |            |            |            |    |
|        | released.  |            |            |            |    |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+------------+----+
| 3      | SS changes | \-         | \-         | \-         | \- |
|        | NR Cell 11 |            |            |            |    |
|        | SS/PBCH    |            |            |            |    |
|        | EPRE level |            |            |            |    |
|        | and MIB IE |            |            |            |    |
|        | *c         |            |            |            |    |
|        | ellBarred* |            |            |            |    |
|        | according  |            |            |            |    |
|        | to row     |            |            |            |    |
|        | \"T2\" in  |            |            |            |    |
|        | table      |            |            |            |    |
|        | 6.1.2.     |            |            |            |    |
|        | 3.3.2-1/2. |            |            |            |    |
|        | And SS     |            |            |            |    |
|        | transmits  |            |            |            |    |
|        | Short      |            |            |            |    |
|        | Message on |            |            |            |    |
|        | PDCCH      |            |            |            |    |
|        | addressed  |            |            |            |    |
|        | to P-RNTI  |            |            |            |    |
|        | using      |            |            |            |    |
|        | Short      |            |            |            |    |
|        | Message    |            |            |            |    |
|        | field in   |            |            |            |    |
|        | DCI format |            |            |            |    |
|        | 1\_0. Bit  |            |            |            |    |
|        | 1 of Short |            |            |            |    |
|        | Message    |            |            |            |    |
|        | field is   |            |            |            |    |
|        | set to 1   |            |            |            |    |
|        | to         |            |            |            |    |
|        | indicate   |            |            |            |    |
|        | the        |            |            |            |    |
|        | SysInfo    |            |            |            |    |
|        | Mod        |            |            |            |    |
|        | ification. |            |            |            |    |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+------------+----+
| 4      | Check:     | \-         | \-         | 2          | \- |
|        | Does the   |            |            |            |    |
|        | test       |            |            |            |    |
|        | result of  |            |            |            |    |
|        | generic    |            |            |            |    |
|        | test       |            |            |            |    |
|        | procedure  |            |            |            |    |
|        | in TS      |            |            |            |    |
|        | 38.508-1   |            |            |            |    |
|        | \[4\]      |            |            |            |    |
|        | clause     |            |            |            |    |
|        | 4.9.5      |            |            |            |    |
|        | indicate   |            |            |            |    |
|        | that the   |            |            |            |    |
|        | UE is      |            |            |            |    |
|        | camped on  |            |            |            |    |
|        | NR Cell 1? |            |            |            |    |
|        |            |            |            |            |    |
|        | NOTE: The  |            |            |            |    |
|        | RRC        |            |            |            |    |
|        | connection |            |            |            |    |
|        | is         |            |            |            |    |
|        | released   |            |            |            |    |
|        | and UE is  |            |            |            |    |
|        | in         |            |            |            |    |
|        | RRC\_IDLE  |            |            |            |    |
|        | mode.      |            |            |            |    |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+------------+----+

6.1.2.3.3.3 Specific message contents

Table 6.1.2.3.3.3-1: *SIB1 for NR Cells 1 and 11 (*Preamble and all
steps, table 6.1.2.3.3.2-3)

  ---------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- --------------------- ---------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                                       
  **Information Element**                              **Value/remark**              **Comment**           **Condition**
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                      
  cellSelectionInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                             
  q-RxLevMin                                           -55                           -110 dBm              FR1
                                                       ROUND((-110+Delta(NRf1))/2)   110+Delta(NRf1) dBm   FR2
  }                                                                                                        
  }                                                                                                        
  ---------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- --------------------- ---------------

Table 6.1.2.3.3.3-2: *SIB2 for NR Cells 1 and 11 (*Preamble and all
steps, table 6.1.2.3.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                                                       
  --------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- --------------------- ---------------
  **Information Element**                             **Value/remark**              **Comment**           **Condition**
  SIB2 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                     
  cellReselectionInfoCommon SEQUENCE {                                                                    
  rangeToBestCell                                     Not present                                         
  }                                                                                                       
  intraFreqCellReselectionInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                 
  q-RxLevMin                                          -55                           -110 dBm              FR1
                                                      ROUND((-110+Delta(NRf1))/2)   110+Delta(NRf1) dBm   FR2
  t-ReselectionNR                                     7                                                   
  }                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                       

Table 6.1.2.3.3.3-3: *MIB* for NR Cell 11 (step 3, Table 6.1.2.3.3.2-3)

  --------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-6                                    
  **Information Element**                             **Value/remark**   **Comment**   **Condition**
  MIB ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                   
  cellBarred                                          barred                           
  }                                                                                    
  --------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------

#### 6.1.2.3a Intra frequency reselection not allowed

##### 6.1.2.3a.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#a.1-test-purpose-tp-1 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-31 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { the serving cell becomes barred and broadcasting
*intraFreqReselection* to \"not allowed\" and UE detects both
intra-frequency and equal priority inter-frequency neighbour cells and
the intra-frequency cell is the highest ranked cell }

**then** { UE selects the inter-frequency cell }

}

##### 6.1.2.3a.2 Conformance requirements {#a.2-conformance-requirements-1 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.6 and 5.3.1. Unless otherwise
stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.6\]

The cell-ranking criterion R~s~ for serving cell and R~n~ for
neighbouring cells is defined by:

+-------------------------------------------+
| R~s~ = Q~meas,s~ +Q~hyst~ - Qoffset~temp~ |
|                                           |
| R~n~ = Q~meas,n~ -Qoffset - Qoffset~temp~ |
+-------------------------------------------+

where:

+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Q~meas~       | RSRP measurement quantity used in cell              |
|               | reselections.                                       |
+===============+=====================================================+
| Qoffset       | For intra-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~, if     |
|               | Qoffset~s,n~ is valid, otherwise this equals to     |
|               | zero.                                               |
|               |                                                     |
|               | For inter-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~ plus    |
|               | Qoffset~frequency~, if Qoffset~s,n~ is valid,       |
|               | otherwise this equals to Qoffset~frequency~.        |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset~temp~ | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as specified   |
|               | in TS 38.331 \[3\].                                 |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

The UE shall perform ranking of all cells that fulfil the cell selection
criterion S, which is defined in 5.2.3.2.

The cells shall be ranked according to the R criteria specified above by
deriving Q~meas,n~ and Q~meas,s~ and calculating the R values using
averaged RSRP results.

If *rangeToBestCell* is not configured, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell. If this cell is found to be
not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to subclause 5.2.4.4.

If *rangeToBestCell* is configured*,* then the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the cell with the highest number of beams above the
threshold (i.e. *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation*) among the cells whose
R value is within *rangeToBestCell* of the R value of the highest ranked
cell. If there are multiple such cells, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell among them. If this cell is found
to be not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to subclause 5.2.4.4.

In all cases, the UE shall reselect the new cell, only if the following
conditions are met:

\- the new cell is better ranked than the serving cell during a time
interval Treselection~RAT~;

\- more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.3.1\]

...

When cell status \"barred\" is indicated or to be treated as if the cell
status is \"barred\",

\- The UE is not permitted to select/reselect this cell, not even for
emergency calls.

\- The UE shall select another cell according to the following rule:

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to being unable to acquire the *MIB*:

\- the UE may exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for up to 300 seconds.

\- the UE may select another cell on the same frequency if the selection
criteria are fulfilled.

\- else:

\- If the field *intraFreqReselection* in *MIB* message is set to
\"allowed\":

\- the UE may select another cell on the same frequency if re-selection
criteria are fulfilled;

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to being unable to acquire the *SIB1*:

\- the UE may exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for up to 300 seconds;

\- else:

\- the UE shall exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for 300 seconds.

\- If the field *intraFreqReselection* in *MIB* message is set to \"not
allowed\":

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to being unable to acquire the *SIB1*:

\- the UE may exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for up to 300 seconds;

\- the UE shall not re-select to another cell on the same frequency as
the barred cell and exclude such cell(s) as candidate(s) for cell
selection/reselection for 300 seconds;

\- else:

\- the UE shall exclude the barred cell and the cells on the same
frequency as a candidate for cell selection/reselection for 300 seconds.

NOTE 2: If barring of a cell is triggered by the condition of
*trackingAreaCode* not being provided, as specified in TS 38.331 \[3\],
the barring only applies to this PLMN and the UE can re-evaluate the
barring condition again due to selection of another PLMN*.*

The cell selection of another cell may also include a change of RAT.

##### 6.1.2.3a.3 Test description {#a.3-test-description-1 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.3a.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#a.3.1-pre-test-conditions-1 .H6}

System Simulator:

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 11 and NR Cell 12 have different tracking areas
according to TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.2-3.

\- System information combination NR-4 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR Cells.

##### UE: {#ue-10 .H6}

None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-11 .H6}

\- The UE is in NR RRC Idle mode (state 1N-A) on NR Cell 1 according to
TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-1.

##### 6.1.2.3a.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#a.3.2-test-procedure-sequence-1 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.3a.3.2-1/2 illustrate the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the cell at various time instants
of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause. Configuration marked
\"T0" is applied at the point indicated in the Main behaviour
description in Table 6.1.2.3a.3.2-3.

Table 6.1.2.3a.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|    | rameter |         | 1       | 11      | 12      |         |
+====+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -115    | -78     | -94     | The     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | are set |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | so that |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | R~NRC   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \<      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | R~NRCe  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 12~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \< R    |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ~NRCel  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | l\ 11~. |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.1.2.3a.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|    | rameter |         | 1       | 11      | 12      |         |
+====+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -100    | -82     | -91     | The     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | are set |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | so that |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | RNRCell |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 1 \<    |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | RNRCell |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 12 \< R |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | NRCell  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 112.    |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.1.2.3a.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+------------+------------+------------+---------+---------+----+
| St         | Procedure  | Message    | TP      | Verdict |    |
|            |            | Sequence   |         |         |    |
+============+============+============+=========+=========+====+
|            |            | U - S      | Message |         |    |
+------------+------------+------------+---------+---------+----+
| 0          | SS changes | \-         | \-      | \-      | \- |
|            | MIB        |            |         |         |    |
|            | according  |            |         |         |    |
|            | to Table   |            |         |         |    |
|            | 6.1.       |            |         |         |    |
|            | 2.3a.3.3-1 |            |         |         |    |
+------------+------------+------------+---------+---------+----+
| \-         | EXCEPTION: | \-         | \-      | \-      | \- |
|            | IF         |            |         |         |    |
|            | pc\_       |            |         |         |    |
|            | supportOfR |            |         |         |    |
|            | edCap\_r17 |            |         |         |    |
|            | THEN Step  |            |         |         |    |
|            | 0Aa1 is    |            |         |         |    |
|            | performed  |            |         |         |    |
+------------+------------+------------+---------+---------+----+
| 0Aa1       | SS changes | \-         | \-      | \-      | \- |
|            | SIB1       |            |         |         |    |
|            | according  |            |         |         |    |
|            | to Table   |            |         |         |    |
|            | 6.1.       |            |         |         |    |
|            | 2.3a.3.3-2 |            |         |         |    |
+------------+------------+------------+---------+---------+----+
| 1          | SS         | \-         | *-*     | \-      | \- |
|            | transmits  |            |         |         |    |
|            | Short      |            |         |         |    |
|            | Message on |            |         |         |    |
|            | PDCCH      |            |         |         |    |
|            | addressed  |            |         |         |    |
|            | to P-RNTI  |            |         |         |    |
|            | using      |            |         |         |    |
|            | Short      |            |         |         |    |
|            | Message    |            |         |         |    |
|            | field in   |            |         |         |    |
|            | DCI format |            |         |         |    |
|            | 1\_0. Bit  |            |         |         |    |
|            | 1 of Short |            |         |         |    |
|            | Message    |            |         |         |    |
|            | field is   |            |         |         |    |
|            | set to 1   |            |         |         |    |
|            | to         |            |         |         |    |
|            | indicate   |            |         |         |    |
|            | the        |            |         |         |    |
|            | SysInfo    |            |         |         |    |
|            | Mod        |            |         |         |    |
|            | ification. |            |         |         |    |
+------------+------------+------------+---------+---------+----+
| 1A         | Wait for   | \-         | *-*     | \-      | \- |
|            | 2.1\*      |            |         |         |    |
|            | mo         |            |         |         |    |
|            | dification |            |         |         |    |
|            | period     |            |         |         |    |
|            | second for |            |         |         |    |
|            | the SS to  |            |         |         |    |
|            | transmit   |            |         |         |    |
|            | modified   |            |         |         |    |
|            | system     |            |         |         |    |
|            | in         |            |         |         |    |
|            | formation. |            |         |         |    |
|            |            |            |         |         |    |
|            | (Note 1)   |            |         |         |    |
+------------+------------+------------+---------+---------+----+
| 1B         | SS changes | \-         | *-*     | \-      | \- |
|            | NR Cell 1  |            |         |         |    |
|            | SS/PBCH    |            |         |         |    |
|            | EPRE level |            |         |         |    |
|            | according  |            |         |         |    |
|            | to row     |            |         |         |    |
|            | \"T0\" in  |            |         |         |    |
|            | table      |            |         |         |    |
|            | 6.1.2.     |            |         |         |    |
|            | 3a.3.2-1/2 |            |         |         |    |
+------------+------------+------------+---------+---------+----+
| 2          | Check:     | \-         | *-*     | 1       | \- |
|            | Does the   |            |         |         |    |
|            | test       |            |         |         |    |
|            | result of  |            |         |         |    |
|            | generic    |            |         |         |    |
|            | test       |            |         |         |    |
|            | procedure  |            |         |         |    |
|            | in TS      |            |         |         |    |
|            | 38.508-1   |            |         |         |    |
|            | \[4\]      |            |         |         |    |
|            | Table      |            |         |         |    |
|            | 4          |            |         |         |    |
|            | .9.5.2.2-1 |            |         |         |    |
|            | indicate   |            |         |         |    |
|            | that the   |            |         |         |    |
|            | UE is      |            |         |         |    |
|            | camped on  |            |         |         |    |
|            | NR Cell    |            |         |         |    |
|            | 12?        |            |         |         |    |
+------------+------------+------------+---------+---------+----+
| Note 1:    |            |            |         |         |    |
| The        |            |            |         |         |    |
| mo         |            |            |         |         |    |
| dification |            |            |         |         |    |
| period,    |            |            |         |         |    |
| expressed  |            |            |         |         |    |
| in number  |            |            |         |         |    |
| of radio   |            |            |         |         |    |
| frames =   |            |            |         |         |    |
| mod        |            |            |         |         |    |
| ificationP |            |            |         |         |    |
| eriodCoeff |            |            |         |         |    |
| \*         |            |            |         |         |    |
| defaultPa  |            |            |         |         |    |
| gingCycle. |            |            |         |         |    |
+------------+------------+------------+---------+---------+----+

##### 6.1.2.3a.3.3 Specific message contents {#a.3.3-specific-message-contents-1 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.3a.3.3-1: *MIB for NR Cell 1* (All steps, Table
6.1.2.3a.3.2-3)

  -------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.6.1-6                            
  Information Element                                Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  MIB ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  cellBarred                                         barred                   
  intraFreqReselection                               notAllowed               
  }                                                                           
  -------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.1.2.3a.3.3-2: *SIB1* for NR Cell 1 (step 0Aa1, Table
6.1.2.3a.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                            
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                           
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  intraFreqReselectionRedCap-r17                       notAllowed               
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             

#### 6.1.2.4 Cell reselection for interband operation

##### 6.1.2.4.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-11 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-32 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell re-selection criteria are met for the
cell on the different frequency band }

**then** { UE reselects the new cell }

}

##### 6.1.2.4.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-11 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in TS 38.304: clause 5.2.3.2 and 5.2.4.5. Unless otherwise
stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.3.2\]

The cell selection criterion S is fulfilled when:

  ----------------------------
  Srxlev \> 0 AND Squal \> 0
  ----------------------------

where:

+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Srxlev = Q~rxlevmeas~ -- (Q~rxlevmin~ + Q~rxlevminoffset~ )--        |
| P~compensation~ - **Qoffset~temp~**                                  |
|                                                                      |
| Squal = Q~qualmeas~ -- (Q~qualmin~ + Q~qualminoffset~) -             |
| **Qoffset~temp~**                                                    |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+

where:

+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Srxlev             | Cell selection RX level value (dB)             |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Squal              | Cell selection quality value (dB)              |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| **Qoffset~temp~**  | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as        |
|                    | specified in TS 38.331 \[3\] (dB)              |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevmeas~       | Measured cell RX level value (RSRP)            |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualmeas~        | Measured cell quality value (RSRQ)             |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevmin~        | Minimum required RX level in the cell (dBm).   |
|                    | If the UE supports SUL frequency for this      |
|                    | cell, Qrxlevmin is obtained from               |
|                    | ***RxLevMinSUL*, if present,** in *SIB1*,      |
|                    | *SIB2* and *SIB4*, additionally, if            |
|                    | Q~rxlevminoffsetcellSUL~ is present in *SIB3*  |
|                    | and *SIB4* for the concerned cell, this cell   |
|                    | specific offset is added to the corresponding  |
|                    | Qrxlevmin to achieve the required minimum RX   |
|                    | level in the concerned cell;                   |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | else Qrxlevmin is obtained from                |
|                    | ***q-RxLevMin*** in *SIB1, SIB2* and *SIB4*,   |
|                    | additionally, if Q~rxlevminoffsetcell~ is      |
|                    | present in *SIB3* and *SIB4* for the concerned |
|                    | cell, this cell specific offset is added to    |
|                    | the corresponding Qrxlevmin to achieve the     |
|                    | required minimum RX level in the concerned     |
|                    | cell.                                          |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualmin~         | Minimum required quality level in the cell     |
|                    | (dB). Additionally, if Q~qualminoffsetcell~ is |
|                    | signalled for the concerned cell, this cell    |
|                    | specific offset is added to achieve the        |
|                    | required minimum quality level in the          |
|                    | concerned cell.                                |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevminoffset~  | Offset to the signalled Q~rxlevmin~ taken into |
|                    | account in the Srxlev evaluation as a result   |
|                    | of a periodic search for a higher priority     |
|                    | PLMN while camped normally in a VPLMN, as      |
|                    | specified in TS 23.122 \[9\]                   |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualminoffset~   | Offset to the signalled Q~qualmin~ taken into  |
|                    | account in the Squal evaluation as a result of |
|                    | a periodic search for a higher priority PLMN   |
|                    | while camped normally in a VPLMN, as specified |
|                    | in TS 23.122 \[9\]                             |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~compensation~    | If the UE supports the additionalPmax in the   |
|                    | NR-NS-PmaxList, if present, in *SIB1, SIB2*    |
|                    | and *SIB4:*                                    |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | *max(P~EMAX1~ --P~PowerClass~, 0) --           |
|                    | (min(P~EMAX2~, P~PowerClass~) -- min(P~EMAX1~, |
|                    | P~PowerClass~)) (dB);*                         |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | *else:*                                        |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | *max(P~EMAX1~ --P~PowerClass~, 0) (dB)*        |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~EMAX1~, P~EMAX2~ | Maximum TX power level of a UE may use when    |
|                    | transmitting on the uplink in the cell (dBm)   |
|                    | defined as P~EMAX~ in TS 38.101 \[15\]. If UE  |
|                    | supports SUL frequency for this cell, P~EMAX1~ |
|                    | and P~EMAX2~ are obtained from the *p-Max* for |
|                    | SUL in *SIB1* and *NR-NS-PmaxList* for SUL     |
|                    | respectively in *SIB1, SIB2* and *SIB4* as     |
|                    | specified in TS 38.331 \[3\], else P~EMAX1~    |
|                    | and P~EMAX2~ are obtained from the *p-Max* and |
|                    | *NR-NS-PmaxList* respectively in *SIB1*,       |
|                    | *SIB2* and *SIB4* for regular UL as specified  |
|                    | in TS 38.331 \[3\].                            |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~PowerClass~      | Maximum RF output power of the UE (dBm)        |
|                    | according to the UE power class as defined in  |
|                    | TS 38.101 \[15\]                               |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+

The signalled values Q~rxlevminoffset~ and Q~qualminoffset~ are only
applied when a cell is evaluated for cell selection as a result of a
periodic search for a higher priority PLMN while camped normally in a
VPLMN (TS 23.122 \[9\]). During this periodic search for higher priority
PLMN, the UE may check the S criteria of a cell using parameter values
stored from a different cell of this higher priority PLMN.\[TS 38.304,
clause 5.2.4.5\]

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is broadcast in system information and more
than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving
cell, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority NR or EUTRAN RAT/frequency fulfils Squal
\> Thresh~X,\ HighQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority NR frequency
or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \>
Thresh~X,\ HighP~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

\- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

Cell reselection to a cell on an equal priority NR frequency shall be
based on ranking for intra-frequency cell reselection as defined in
subclause 5.2.4.6.

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is broadcast in system information and more
than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving
cell, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Squal \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~ and a cell
of a lower priority NR or E-UTRAN RAT/ frequency fulfils Squal \>
Thresh~X,\ LowQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~.

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority NR frequency
or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Srxlev \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowP~ and a cell
of a lower priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \> Thresh~X,\ LowP~
during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

> \- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
> serving cell.

Cell reselection to a higher priority RAT/frequency shall take
precedence over a lower priority RAT/frequency if multiple cells of
different priorities fulfil the cell reselection criteria.

If more than one cell meets the above criteria, the UE shall reselect a
cell as follows:

\- If the highest-priority frequency is an NR frequency, the highest
ranked cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies)
meeting the criteria according to clause 5.2.4.6;

\- If the highest-priority frequency is from another RAT, the highest
ranked cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies)
meeting the criteria of that RAT.

##### 6.1.2.4.3 Test description {#test-description-11 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.4.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-11 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-10 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 10.

\- System information combination NR-4 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
Table 4.4.3.1.2-1 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-11 .H6}

None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-12 .H6}

\- The UE is in state 1N-A on NR Cell 1(serving cell) according to TS
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-1.

##### 6.1.2.4.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-11 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.4.3.2-1/2 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the NR cells at various time
instants of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values
shall be applied are described in the texts in this clause. The
configuration \"T0\" indicates the initial conditions. Subsequent
configurations marked \"T1\" is applied at the points indicated in the
Main behaviour description in Table 6.1.2.4.3.2-3.

Table 6.1.2.4.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for conducted test environment

+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | P        | Unit    | NR Cell  | NR Cell  | Remark   |
|          | arameter |         | 1        | 10       |          |
+==========+==========+=========+==========+==========+==========+
| T0       | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS | -88      | Off      | The      |
|          |          |         |          |          | power    |
|          | SSS EPRE |         |          |          | level    |
|          |          |         |          |          | values   |
|          |          |         |          |          | are      |
|          |          |         |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |         |          |          | to       |
|          |          |         |          |          | ensure   |
|          |          |         |          |          | the UE   |
|          |          |         |          |          | re       |
|          |          |         |          |          | gistered |
|          |          |         |          |          | on NR    |
|          |          |         |          |          | Cell 1.  |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| T1       | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS | -88      | -78      | NR Cell  |
|          |          |         |          |          | 10       |
|          | SSS EPRE |         |          |          | become   |
|          |          |         |          |          | stronger |
|          |          |         |          |          | than     |
|          |          |         |          |          | Thre     |
|          |          |         |          |          | sh~NR\ C |
|          |          |         |          |          | ell\ 10, |
|          |          |         |          |          | \ high.~ |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |         |          |          |          |
| Power    |          |         |          |          |          |
| level    |          |         |          |          |          |
| "Off" is |          |         |          |          |          |
| defined  |          |         |          |          |          |
| in TS    |          |         |          |          |          |
| 38.508   |          |         |          |          |          |
| -1\[4\], |          |         |          |          |          |
| Table    |          |         |          |          |          |
| 6.       |          |         |          |          |          |
| 2.2.1-3. |          |         |          |          |          |
|          |          |         |          |          |          |
| Note 2:  |          |         |          |          |          |
| The      |          |         |          |          |          |
| downlink |          |         |          |          |          |
| signal   |          |         |          |          |          |
| level    |          |         |          |          |          |
| unc      |          |         |          |          |          |
| ertainty |          |         |          |          |          |
| is       |          |         |          |          |          |
| s        |          |         |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |         |          |          |          |
| in TS    |          |         |          |          |          |
| 38.508-1 |          |         |          |          |          |
| \[4\],   |          |         |          |          |          |
| clause   |          |         |          |          |          |
| 6.2.2.1. |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 6.1.2.4.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for OTA test environment

+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | P        | Unit    | NR Cell  | NR Cell  | Remark   |
|          | arameter |         | 1        | 10       |          |
+==========+==========+=========+==========+==========+==========+
| T0       | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS | -91      | Off      | The      |
|          |          |         |          |          | power    |
|          | SSS EPRE |         |          |          | level    |
|          |          |         |          |          | values   |
|          |          |         |          |          | are      |
|          |          |         |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |         |          |          | to       |
|          |          |         |          |          | ensure   |
|          |          |         |          |          | the UE   |
|          |          |         |          |          | re       |
|          |          |         |          |          | gistered |
|          |          |         |          |          | on NR    |
|          |          |         |          |          | Cell 1.  |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| T1       | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS | -91      | -82      | NR Cell  |
|          |          |         |          |          | 10       |
|          | SSS EPRE |         |          |          | become   |
|          |          |         |          |          | stronger |
|          |          |         |          |          | than     |
|          |          |         |          |          | Thre     |
|          |          |         |          |          | sh~NR\ C |
|          |          |         |          |          | ell\ 10, |
|          |          |         |          |          | \ high.~ |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |         |          |          |          |
| Power    |          |         |          |          |          |
| level    |          |         |          |          |          |
| "Off" is |          |         |          |          |          |
| defined  |          |         |          |          |          |
| in TS    |          |         |          |          |          |
| 38.508-1 |          |         |          |          |          |
| \[4\],   |          |         |          |          |          |
| Table    |          |         |          |          |          |
| 6.2.     |          |         |          |          |          |
| 2.2.2-2. |          |         |          |          |          |
|          |          |         |          |          |          |
| Note 2:  |          |         |          |          |          |
| The      |          |         |          |          |          |
| downlink |          |         |          |          |          |
| signal   |          |         |          |          |          |
| level    |          |         |          |          |          |
| unc      |          |         |          |          |          |
| ertainty |          |         |          |          |          |
| is       |          |         |          |          |          |
| s        |          |         |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |         |          |          |          |
| in TS    |          |         |          |          |          |
| 38.508-1 |          |         |          |          |          |
| \[4\],   |          |         |          |          |          |
| clause   |          |         |          |          |          |
| 6.2.2.2. |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 6.1.2.4.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  St                                                                                                                                                                                     Procedure                                                                                                                                    Message Sequence   TP        Verdict   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ --------- --------- ----
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      U - S              Message             
  1                                                                                                                                                                                      The SS changes NR Cell 10 SS/PBCH EPRE level according to the row \"T1\" in table 6.1.2. 4.3.2-1/2.                                          \-                 \-        \-        \-
  2                                                                                                                                                                                      Wait for 41\[FR1\]/137\[FR2\] seconds to allow UE to recognise the change.                                                                   \-                 *-*       \-        \-
  3                                                                                                                                                                                      Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.4.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 10?   \-                 \-        1         \-
  Note: The wait time at step 2 is K~carrier~\*T~detect,NR\_Inter~ (as per TS 38.133 \[30\], clause 4.2.2.4) plus the time to read the system information T~SI-NR~ and t-ReselectionNR                                                                                                                                                                                       

##### 6.1.2.4.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-10 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.4.3.3-1: Conditions for specific message contents in Tables
below

  Condition    Explanation
  ------------ -------------------------------------------------------------------------
  NR Cell 1    This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 1.
  NR Cell 10   This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 10.

Table 6.1.2.4.3.3-2: *SIB2 of NR Cell 1 and NR Cell10* (preamble and all
steps, Table 6.1.2.4.3.2-3)

  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- ------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                            
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB2::= SEQUENCE {                                                           
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE{                                     
  cellReselectionPriority                             1                        NR Cell 1
                                                      5                        NR Cell 10
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- ------------

Table 6.1.2.4.3.3-3: *SIB4 of NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 10* (preamble and
all steps, Table 6.1.2.4.3.2-3)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------- ------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                            
  Information Element                                                                   Value/remark                                 Comment   Condition
  SIB4::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                           
  InterFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo {   1 entry                                                
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                           entry 1   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 10             NR Cell 1
                                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 1              NR Cell 10
  t-ReselectionNR                                                                       7                                            seconds   
  threshX-HighP                                                                         10                                           20 dB     
  cellReselectionPriority                                                               5                                                      NR Cell 1
                                                                                        1                                                      NR Cell 10
  }                                                                                                                                            
  }                                                                                                                                            
  }                                                                                                                                            
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------- ------------

#### 6.1.2.5 Cell reselection for interband operation using Pcompensation / Between FDD and TDD

##### 6.1.2.5.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-12 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-33 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state on a FDD band }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell selection using Pcompensation &
reselection criteria is met for the cell on a TDD band }

**then** { UE reselects the new cell }

}

##### 6.1.2.5.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-12 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in TS 38.304: clause 5.2.3.2 and 5.2.4.5. Unless otherwise
stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.3.2\]

The cell selection criterion S is fulfilled when:

  ----------------------------
  Srxlev \> 0 AND Squal \> 0
  ----------------------------

where:

+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Srxlev = Q~rxlevmeas~ -- (Q~rxlevmin~ + Q~rxlevminoffset~ )--        |
| P~compensation~ - **Qoffset~temp~**                                  |
|                                                                      |
| Squal = Q~qualmeas~ -- (Q~qualmin~ + Q~qualminoffset~) -             |
| **Qoffset~temp~**                                                    |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+

where:

+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Srxlev             | Cell selection RX level value (dB)             |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Squal              | Cell selection quality value (dB)              |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| **Qoffset~temp~**  | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as        |
|                    | specified in TS 38.331 \[3\] (dB)              |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevmeas~       | Measured cell RX level value (RSRP)            |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualmeas~        | Measured cell quality value (RSRQ)             |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevmin~        | Minimum required RX level in the cell (dBm).   |
|                    | If the UE supports SUL frequency for this      |
|                    | cell, Qrxlevmin is obtained from               |
|                    | ***RxLevMinSUL*, if present,** in *SIB1*,      |
|                    | *SIB2* and *SIB4*, additionally, if            |
|                    | Q~rxlevminoffsetcellSUL~ is present in *SIB3*  |
|                    | and *SIB4* for the concerned cell, this cell   |
|                    | specific offset is added to the corresponding  |
|                    | Qrxlevmin to achieve the required minimum RX   |
|                    | level in the concerned cell;                   |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | else Qrxlevmin is obtained from                |
|                    | ***q-RxLevMin*** in *SIB1, SIB2* and *SIB4*,   |
|                    | additionally, if Q~rxlevminoffsetcell~ is      |
|                    | present in *SIB3* and *SIB4* for the concerned |
|                    | cell, this cell specific offset is added to    |
|                    | the corresponding Qrxlevmin to achieve the     |
|                    | required minimum RX level in the concerned     |
|                    | cell.                                          |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualmin~         | Minimum required quality level in the cell     |
|                    | (dB). Additionally, if Q~qualminoffsetcell~ is |
|                    | signalled for the concerned cell, this cell    |
|                    | specific offset is added to achieve the        |
|                    | required minimum quality level in the          |
|                    | concerned cell.                                |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevminoffset~  | Offset to the signalled Q~rxlevmin~ taken into |
|                    | account in the Srxlev evaluation as a result   |
|                    | of a periodic search for a higher priority     |
|                    | PLMN while camped normally in a VPLMN, as      |
|                    | specified in TS 23.122 \[9\]                   |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualminoffset~   | Offset to the signalled Q~qualmin~ taken into  |
|                    | account in the Squal evaluation as a result of |
|                    | a periodic search for a higher priority PLMN   |
|                    | while camped normally in a VPLMN, as specified |
|                    | in TS 23.122 \[9\]                             |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~compensation~    | If the UE supports the additionalPmax in the   |
|                    | NR-NS-PmaxList, if present, in *SIB1, SIB2*    |
|                    | and *SIB4:*                                    |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | *max(P~EMAX1~ --P~PowerClass~, 0) --           |
|                    | (min(P~EMAX2~, P~PowerClass~) -- min(P~EMAX1~, |
|                    | P~PowerClass~)) (dB);*                         |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | *else:*                                        |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | *max(P~EMAX1~ --P~PowerClass~, 0) (dB)*        |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~EMAX1~, P~EMAX2~ | Maximum TX power level of a UE may use when    |
|                    | transmitting on the uplink in the cell (dBm)   |
|                    | defined as P~EMAX~ in TS 38.101 \[15\]. If UE  |
|                    | supports SUL frequency for this cell, P~EMAX1~ |
|                    | and P~EMAX2~ are obtained from the *p-Max* for |
|                    | SUL in *SIB1* and *NR-NS-PmaxList* for SUL     |
|                    | respectively in *SIB1, SIB2* and *SIB4* as     |
|                    | specified in TS 38.331 \[3\], else P~EMAX1~    |
|                    | and P~EMAX2~ are obtained from the *p-Max* and |
|                    | *NR-NS-PmaxList* respectively in *SIB1*,       |
|                    | *SIB2* and *SIB4* for regular UL as specified  |
|                    | in TS 38.331 \[3\].                            |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~PowerClass~      | Maximum RF output power of the UE (dBm)        |
|                    | according to the UE power class as defined in  |
|                    | TS 38.101 \[15\]                               |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+

The signalled values Q~rxlevminoffset~ and Q~qualminoffset~ are only
applied when a cell is evaluated for cell selection as a result of a
periodic search for a higher priority PLMN while camped normally in a
VPLMN (TS 23.122 \[9\]). During this periodic search for higher priority
PLMN, the UE may check the S criteria of a cell using parameter values
stored from a different cell of this higher priority PLMN.\[TS 38.304,
clause 5.2.4.5\]

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is broadcast in system information and more
than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving
cell, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority NR or EUTRAN RAT/frequency fulfils Squal
\> Thresh~X,\ HighQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority NR frequency
or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \>
Thresh~X,\ HighP~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

\- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

Cell reselection to a cell on an equal priority NR frequency shall be
based on ranking for intra-frequency cell reselection as defined in
subclause 5.2.4.6.

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is broadcast in system information and more
than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving
cell, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Squal \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~ and a cell
of a lower priority NR or E-UTRAN RAT/ frequency fulfils Squal \>
Thresh~X,\ LowQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~.

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority NR frequency
or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Srxlev \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowP~ and a cell
of a lower priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \> Thresh~X,\ LowP~
during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

\- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

Cell reselection to a higher priority RAT/frequency shall take
precedence over a lower priority RAT/frequency if multiple cells of
different priorities fulfil the cell reselection criteria.

If more than one cell meets the above criteria, the UE shall reselect a
cell as follows:

\- If the highest-priority frequency is an NR frequency, the highest
ranked cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies)
meeting the criteria according to clause 5.2.4.6;

\- If the highest-priority frequency is from another RAT, the highest
ranked cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies)
meeting the criteria of that RAT.

##### 6.1.2.5.3 Test description {#test-description-12 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.5.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-12 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-11 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1 is set to NR FDD mode and NR Cell 10 is set to NR TDD mode.

\- System information combination NR-4 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
Table 4.4.3.1.2-1 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-12 .H6}

None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-13 .H6}

\- The UE is in state 1N-A on NR Cell 1(serving cell) according to TS
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-1.

##### 6.1.2.5.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-12 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.5.3.2-1/2 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the NR cells at various time
instants of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values
shall be applied are described in the texts in this clause. The
configuration \"T0\" indicates the initial conditions. Subsequent
configuration marked \"T1\" is applied at the points indicated in the
Main behaviour description in Table 6.1.2.5.3.2-3.

Table 6.1.2.5.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for conducted test environment

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | **Par    | **Unit** | **NR     | **NR     | **       |
|          | ameter** |          | Cell 1** | Cell     | Remark** |
|          |          |          |          | 10**     |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| **T0**   | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -88      | Off      | The      |
|          |          |          |          |          | power    |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | level    |
|          |          |          |          |          | values   |
|          |          |          |          |          | are      |
|          |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |          |          |          | to       |
|          |          |          |          |          | ensure   |
|          |          |          |          |          | the UE   |
|          |          |          |          |          | re       |
|          |          |          |          |          | gistered |
|          |          |          |          |          | on NR    |
|          |          |          |          |          | Cell 1.  |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| **T1**   | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -88      | -80      | NR Cell  |
|          |          |          |          |          | 1 become |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | lower    |
|          |          |          |          |          | than     |
|          |          |          |          |          | Thres    |
|          |          |          |          |          | h~servin |
|          |          |          |          |          | g,\ low~ |
|          |          |          |          |          | and NR   |
|          |          |          |          |          | Cell 10  |
|          |          |          |          |          | become   |
|          |          |          |          |          | stronger |
|          |          |          |          |          | than     |
|          |          |          |          |          | Thr      |
|          |          |          |          |          | esh~NR\  |
|          |          |          |          |          | Cell\ 10 |
|          |          |          |          |          | ,\ low.~ |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Power    |          |          |          |          |          |
| level    |          |          |          |          |          |
| "Off" is |          |          |          |          |          |
| defined  |          |          |          |          |          |
| in TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 38.508-1 |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[4\],   |          |          |          |          |          |
| Table    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 6.       |          |          |          |          |          |
| 2.2.1-3. |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| Note 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| downlink |          |          |          |          |          |
| signal   |          |          |          |          |          |
| level    |          |          |          |          |          |
| unc      |          |          |          |          |          |
| ertainty |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 38.508-1 |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[4\],   |          |          |          |          |          |
| clause   |          |          |          |          |          |
| 6.2.2.1. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 6.1.2.5.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for OTA test environment

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | **Par    | **Unit** | **NR     | **NR     | **       |
|          | ameter** |          | Cell 1** | Cell     | Remark** |
|          |          |          |          | 10**     |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| **T0**   | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -91      | Off      | The      |
|          |          |          |          |          | power    |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | level    |
|          |          |          |          |          | values   |
|          |          |          |          |          | are      |
|          |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |          |          |          | to       |
|          |          |          |          |          | ensure   |
|          |          |          |          |          | the UE   |
|          |          |          |          |          | re       |
|          |          |          |          |          | gistered |
|          |          |          |          |          | on NR    |
|          |          |          |          |          | Cell 1.  |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| **T1**   | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -91      | -82      | NR Cell  |
|          |          |          |          |          | 1 become |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | lower    |
|          |          |          |          |          | than     |
|          |          |          |          |          | Thres    |
|          |          |          |          |          | h~servin |
|          |          |          |          |          | g,\ low~ |
|          |          |          |          |          | and NR   |
|          |          |          |          |          | Cell 10  |
|          |          |          |          |          | become   |
|          |          |          |          |          | stronger |
|          |          |          |          |          | than     |
|          |          |          |          |          | Thr      |
|          |          |          |          |          | esh~NR\  |
|          |          |          |          |          | Cell\ 10 |
|          |          |          |          |          | ,\ low.~ |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Power    |          |          |          |          |          |
| level    |          |          |          |          |          |
| "Off" is |          |          |          |          |          |
| defined  |          |          |          |          |          |
| in TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 38.508   |          |          |          |          |          |
| -1\[4\], |          |          |          |          |          |
| Table    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 6.2.     |          |          |          |          |          |
| 2.2.2-2. |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| Note 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| downlink |          |          |          |          |          |
| signal   |          |          |          |          |          |
| level    |          |          |          |          |          |
| unce     |          |          |          |          |          |
| rtainity |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 38.508-1 |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[4\],   |          |          |          |          |          |
| clause   |          |          |          |          |          |
| 6.2.2.2. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 6.1.2.5.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  **St**                                                                                                                                                                                 **Procedure**                                                                                                                                **Message Sequence**   **TP**        **Verdict**   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------- ------------- ------------- ----
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      **U - S**              **Message**                 
  1                                                                                                                                                                                      The SS changes NR Cell 10 SS/PBCH EPRE level according to the row \"T1\" in table 6.1.2.5.3.2-1/2.                                           \-                     \-            \-            \-
  2                                                                                                                                                                                      Wait for 41\[FR1\]/137\[FR2\] seconds to allow UE to recognise the change.                                                                   \-                     *-*           \-            \-
  3                                                                                                                                                                                      Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.4.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 10?   \-                     \-            1             \-
  Note: The wait time at step 2 is K~carrier~\*T~detect,NR\_Inter~ (as per TS 38.133 \[30\], clause 4.2.2.4) plus the time to read the system information T~SI-NR~ and t-ReselectionNR                                                                                                                                                                                                   

##### 6.1.2.5.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-11 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.5.3.3-1: Conditions for specific message contents in Tables
below

  **Condition**   **Explanation**
  --------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
  NR Cell 1       This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 1.
  NR Cell 10      This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 10.

Table 6.1.2.5.3.3-2: *SIB1 of NR Cell 1* (preamble and all steps, Table
6.1.2.5.3.2-3)

  ---------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                    
  **Information Element**                              **Value/remark**   **Comment**   **Condition**
  SIB1::= SEQUENCE {                                                                    
  servingCellConfigCommon SEQUENCE{                                                     
  uplinkConfigCommon SEQUENCE{                                                          
  FrequencyInfoUL SEQUENCE {                                                            
  p-Max                                                33dBm                            
  }                                                                                     
  }                                                                                     
  }                                                                                     
  }                                                                                     
  ---------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------

Table 6.1.2.5.3.3-3: *SIB2 of NR Cell 1 and NR Cell10* (preamble and all
steps, Table 6.1.2.5.3.2-3)

  --------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                                    
  **Information Element**                             **Value/remark**   **Comment**   **Condition**
  SIB2::= SEQUENCE {                                                                   
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE{                                             
  threshServingLowP                                   9                  18 dB         NR Cell 1
  cellReselectionPriority                             5                                NR Cell 1
                                                      1                                NR Cell 10
  }                                                                                    
  }                                                                                    
  --------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------

Table 6.1.2.5.3.3-4: *SIB4 of NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 10* (preamble and
all steps, Table 6.1.2.5.3.2-3)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------- ------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                            
  Information Element                                                                   Value/remark                                 Comment   Condition
  SIB4::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                           
  InterFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo {   1 entry                                                
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                           entry 1   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 10             NR Cell 1
                                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 1              NR Cell 10
  p-Max                                                                                 33dBm                                                  NR Cell 1
  t-ReselectionNR                                                                       7                                            seconds   
  threshX-HighP                                                                         14                                           28 dB     
  threshX-LowP                                                                          6                                            12 dB     
  cellReselectionPriority                                                               1                                                      NR Cell 1
                                                                                        5                                                      NR Cell 10
  }                                                                                                                                            
  }                                                                                                                                            
  }                                                                                                                                            
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------- ------------

#### 6.1.2.6 Void

#### 6.1.2.7 Cell reselection / Equivalent PLMN

##### 6.1.2.7.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-13 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-34 .H6}

**with** { UE camped normally on a cell and network has downloaded a
list of equivalent PLMNs during the Registration procedure }

**ensure that** {

**when** { a suitable neighbour cell on an equivalent PLMN becomes
better ranked than the suitable Serving cell }

**then** { UE reselects to this equivalent PLMN cell }

}

##### (2) {#section-35 .H6}

**with** { UE camped normally on a cell and network has downloaded a
list of equivalent PLMNs during the Registration procedure }

**ensure that** {

**when** { the Serving cell becomes unsuitable due to S\<0 and a
suitable cell exists on an equivalent PLMN }

**then** {UE reselects to this equivalent PLMN cell }

}

##### (3) {#section-36 .H6}

**with** { UE camped normally on a cell and network has downloaded a
list of equivalent PLMNs during the Registration procedure }

**ensure that** {

**when** { the UE evaluates cells for reselection }

**then** { UE ignores suitable cells for which the UE has no reselection
priority provided }

}

##### 6.1.2.7.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-13 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present test
case are specified in: TS 23.122, clause 4.4.3, TS 38.304, clause
5.2.4.1. Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.1\]

The UE shall only perform cell reselection evaluation for NR frequencies
and inter-RAT frequencies that are given in system information and for
which the UE has a priority provided.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.4.3\]

The Mobile Equipment stores a list of \"equivalent PLMNs\". This list is
replaced or deleted at the end of each location update procedure,
routing area update procedure, GPRS attach procedure, tracking area
update procedure, EPS attach procedure, and registration procedure. The
list is deleted by an MS attached for emergency bearer services after
detach or registered for emergency services after deregistration. The
stored list consists of a list of equivalent PLMNs as downloaded by the
network plus the PLMN code of the registered PLMN that downloaded the
list. All PLMNs in the stored list, in all access technologies supported
by the PLMN, are regarded as equivalent to each other for PLMN
selection, cell selection/re-selection and handover.

##### 6.1.2.7.3 Test Description {#test-description-13 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.7.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-13 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-12 .H6}

Three inter-frequency multi-PLMN NR Cells as specified in TS 38.508-1
Table 4.4.2.1 are configured broadcasting PLMNs as indicated in Table
6.1.2.7.3.1-1.

The PLMNs are identified in the test by the identifiers in Table
6.1.2.7.3.1-1.

Table 6.1.2.7.3.1-1: PLMN identifiers

  NR Cell   PLMN name   MCC   MNC
  --------- ----------- ----- -----
  11        PLMN1       001   11
  12        PLMN2       002   21
  13        PLMN3       003   31

All NR cells are high quality.

All cells are suitable cells.

System information combination NR-4 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR cells

##### UE: {#ue-13 .H6}

The UE is in Automatic PLMN selection mode.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-14 .H6}

The UE is registered on PLMN1 (NR Cell 11) using the procedure described
in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] clause 4.5.2.2 except that the REGISTRATION ACCEPT
message indicates PLMN3 in the Equivalent PLMN list as described in
Table 6.1.2.7.3.3-1.

The UE is in state Registered, Idle Mode (State 1N-A) on NR Cell 11
according to TS 38.508-1 \[4\];

##### 6.1.2.7.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-13 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.7.3.2-1 for FR1 and Table 6.1.2.7.3.2-2 for FR2 illustrates
the downlink power levels and other changing parameters to be applied
for the cells at various time instants of the test execution. Row marked
\"T0\" denotes the initial conditions after preamble, while columns
marked \"T1\" and \"T2\" are to be applied subsequently in the Main
behaviour. The exact instants on which these values shall be applied are
described in the texts in this clause.

> Table 6.1.2.7.3.2-1: Cell configuration changes over time for FR1

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remarks |
|         | rameter |         | 11      | 12      | 13      |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -78     | -89     | -100    | All NR  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | cells   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | S\>0    |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -115    | -89     | -100    | NR Cell |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | 11 S \< |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | 0 as    |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | de      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | scribed |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | clause  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | 6.2.2.1 |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -78     | -100    | -89     | All NR  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | cells   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | S\>0    |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Note 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| default |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| values  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| (in     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cluding |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| "not    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pr      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| esent") |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for all |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| other   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| par     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ameters |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| infl    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| uencing |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cell    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rese    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lection |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| are     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| uitable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| this    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| test.   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| values  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| are     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| defined |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 3       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 8.508-1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| clauses |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 6       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .2.2.1. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

> Table 6.1.2.7.3.2-2: Cell configuration changes over time for FR2

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remarks |
|         | rameter |         | 11      | 12      | 13      |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -82     | -91     | -100    | All NR  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | cells   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | S\>0    |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | "Off"   | -91     | -100    | NR Cell |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | 1 S \<  |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | 0 as    |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | de      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | scribed |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | clause  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | 6.2.2.2 |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -82     | -100    | -91     | All NR  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | cells   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | S\>0    |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Note 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| default |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| values  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| (in     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cluding |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| "not    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pr      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| esent") |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for all |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| other   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| par     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ameters |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| infl    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| uencing |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cell    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rese    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lection |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| uitable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| this    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| test.   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| values  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| are     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| defined |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 3       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 8.508-1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| clauses |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 6       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .2.2.2. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.1.2.7.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| St        | Procedure | Message   | TP        | Verdict |    |
|           |           | Sequence  |           |         |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+=========+====+
|           |           | U - S     | Message   |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1         | Check:    | \--\>     | *NR RRC:  | 1       | F  |
|           | Does the  |           | RRCSetu   |         |    |
|           | UE        |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | within T  |           |           |         |    |
|           | seconds?  |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 2         | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |         |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to row T1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.      |           |           |         |    |
|           | 2.7.3.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | for FR1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | (or table |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.      |           |           |         |    |
|           | 2.7.3.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | for FR2)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 3         | Check:    | \-        |           | 2       | \- |
|           | Does the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | result of |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | indicate  |           |           |         |    |
|           | that the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE is     |           |           |         |    |
|           | camped on |           |           |         |    |
|           | NR Cell   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 13?       |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | NOTE: The |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE        |           |           |         |    |
|           | performs  |           |           |         |    |
|           | a \"      |           |           |         |    |
|           | REG       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | REQUEST   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | with type |           |           |         |    |
|           | \         |           |           |         |    |
|           | "mobility |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | updat     |           |           |         |    |
|           | ing" with |           |           |         |    |
|           | PLMN1 and |           |           |         |    |
|           | PLMN2     |           |           |         |    |
|           | listed as |           |           |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | E         |           |           |         |    |
|           | quivalent |           |           |         |    |
|           | PLMN in   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | REG       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | ACCEPT    |           |           |         |    |
|           | message;  |           |           |         |    |
|           | the RRC   |           |           |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |         |    |
|           | is        |           |           |         |    |
|           | released. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 4         | Check:    | \-        |           | 1       | \- |
|           | Does the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | result of |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | indicate  |           |           |         |    |
|           | that the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE is     |           |           |         |    |
|           | camped on |           |           |         |    |
|           | NR Cell   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 12?       |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | NOTE: The |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE        |           |           |         |    |
|           | performs  |           |           |         |    |
|           | a \"      |           |           |         |    |
|           | REG       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | REQUEST   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | with type |           |           |         |    |
|           | \         |           |           |         |    |
|           | "mobility |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | updating" |           |           |         |    |
|           | with      |           |           |         |    |
|           | PLMN1 and |           |           |         |    |
|           | PLMN3     |           |           |         |    |
|           | listed as |           |           |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | E         |           |           |         |    |
|           | quivalent |           |           |         |    |
|           | PLMN in   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | REG       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | ACCEPT    |           |           |         |    |
|           | message;  |           |           |         |    |
|           | the RRC   |           |           |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |         |    |
|           | is        |           |           |         |    |
|           | released. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 5         | SS        | \-        |           | \-      | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |         |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to row T0 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.      |           |           |         |    |
|           | 2.7.3.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | for FR1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | (or table |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.      |           |           |         |    |
|           | 2.7.3.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | for FR2)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 6         | Check:    | \--\>     | *NR RRC   | 1,3     | F  |
|           | Does the  |           | RRCSetu   |         |    |
|           | UE        |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | within T  |           |           |         |    |
|           | seconds?  |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 7         | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |         |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to row T2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.      |           |           |         |    |
|           | 2.7.3.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | for FR1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | (or table |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.      |           |           |         |    |
|           | 2.7.3.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | for FR2)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 8         | Check:    | \-        |           | 3       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | result of |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | indicate  |           |           |         |    |
|           | that the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE is     |           |           |         |    |
|           | camped on |           |           |         |    |
|           | NR Cell   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 13?       |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | NOTE: The |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE        |           |           |         |    |
|           | performs  |           |           |         |    |
|           | a \"      |           |           |         |    |
|           | REG       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | REQUEST   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | with type |           |           |         |    |
|           | \         |           |           |         |    |
|           | "mobility |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | updat     |           |           |         |    |
|           | ing" with |           |           |         |    |
|           | PLMN1 and |           |           |         |    |
|           | PLMN2     |           |           |         |    |
|           | listed as |           |           |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | E         |           |           |         |    |
|           | quivalent |           |           |         |    |
|           | PLMN in   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | REG       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | ACCEPT    |           |           |         |    |
|           | message;  |           |           |         |    |
|           | the RRC   |           |           |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |         |    |
|           | is        |           |           |         |    |
|           | released. |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 2)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| In Steps  |           |           |           |         |    |
| 1 and 6,  |           |           |           |         |    |
| wait T    |           |           |           |         |    |
| seconds   |           |           |           |         |    |
| to ensure |           |           |           |         |    |
| that the  |           |           |           |         |    |
| UE has    |           |           |           |         |    |
| detected, |           |           |           |         |    |
| measured  |           |           |           |         |    |
| and       |           |           |           |         |    |
| evaluated |           |           |           |         |    |
| the       |           |           |           |         |    |
| neighbour |           |           |           |         |    |
| inter-    |           |           |           |         |    |
| frequency |           |           |           |         |    |
| NR cells  |           |           |           |         |    |
| is        |           |           |           |         |    |
| provided, |           |           |           |         |    |
| see TS    |           |           |           |         |    |
| 38.133    |           |           |           |         |    |
| clause    |           |           |           |         |    |
| 4.2.2.4,  |           |           |           |         |    |
| where in  |           |           |           |         |    |
| T =       |           |           |           |         |    |
| 100sec    |           |           |           |         |    |
| for FR1   |           |           |           |         |    |
| and       |           |           |           |         |    |
| 300sec    |           |           |           |         |    |
| for FR2   |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| In Step   |           |           |           |         |    |
| 8, the UE |           |           |           |         |    |
| moves to  |           |           |           |         |    |
| Cell 13   |           |           |           |         |    |
| because   |           |           |           |         |    |
| no        |           |           |           |         |    |
| re        |           |           |           |         |    |
| selection |           |           |           |         |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |         |    |
| is        |           |           |           |         |    |
| defined   |           |           |           |         |    |
| for Cell  |           |           |           |         |    |
| 1, see    |           |           |           |         |    |
| Table     |           |           |           |         |    |
| 6.1.2     |           |           |           |         |    |
| .7.3.3-4. |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+

##### 6.1.2.7.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-12 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.7.3.3-1: REGISTRATION ACCEPT for NR Cell 11 (preamble)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 Table 4.7.1-7                            
  -------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                          Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  Equivalent PLMNs                             PLMN3                    

Table 6.1.2.7.3.3-2: *REGISTRATION ACCEPT for NR Cell 13* (steps 3 and
8, Table 6.1.2.7.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 Table 4.7.1-7                            
  -------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                          Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  Equivalent PLMNs                             PLMN1, 2                 

Table 6.1.2.7.3.3-3: *REGISTRATION ACCEPT for NR Cell 12* (step 4, Table
6.1.2.7.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 Table 4.7.1-7                            
  -------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                          Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  Equivalent PLMNs                             PLMN1, 3                 

Table 6.1.2.7.3.3-4: *SIB4* for Cell 12 (preamble and all steps, Table
6.1.2.7.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                                                                             
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                                                   Value/remark                              Comment                                                Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                    
  interFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo {   2 entries                                 *n* denotes the index of the entry                     
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                        entry 1                                                
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for Cell 11                                                          
  cellReselectionPriority                                                               Not present                               UE does not have a priority for frequency of Cell 11   
  }                                                                                                                                                                                      
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                        entry 2                                                
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for Cell 13                                                          
  }                                                                                                                                                                                      
  lateNonCriticalExtension                                                              Not present                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                                                      

Table 6.1.2.7.3.3-5: *SIB4* for Cell 13 (preamble and all steps, Table
6.1.2.7.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                                                                             
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                                                   Value/remark                              Comment                                                Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                    
  interFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo {   2 entries                                 *n* denotes the index of the entry                     
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                        entry 1                                                
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for Cell 11                                                          
  cellReselectionPriority                                                               Not present                               UE does not have a priority for frequency of Cell 11   
  }                                                                                                                                                                                      
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                        entry 2                                                
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for Cell 12                                                          
  }                                                                                                                                                                                      
  lateNonCriticalExtension                                                              Not present                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                                                      

#### 6.1.2.8 Cell reselection / Equivalent PLMN / Single Frequency operation

##### 6.1.2.8.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-14 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-37 .H6}

**with** { UE camped normally on a cell **and** network has downloaded a
list of equivalent PLMNs during the Registration procedure }

**ensure** **that** {

**when** { a suitable neighbour cell on an equivalent PLMN becomes
better ranked than the suitable Serving cell }

**then** { UE reselects to this equivalent PLMN cell }

}

##### (2) {#section-38 .H6}

**with** { UE camped normally on a cell **and** network has downloaded a
list of equivalent PLMNs during the Registration procedure }

**ensure** **that** {

**when** { the Serving cell becomes unsuitable due to S\<0 **and** a
suitable cell exists on an equivalent PLMN }

**then** { UE reselects to this equivalent PLMN cell }

}

##### 6.1.2.8.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-14 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in TS 38.304: clause 5.2.4.1. Unless otherwise stated these
are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.1\]

The UE shall only perform cell reselection evaluation for NR frequencies
and inter-RAT frequencies that are given in system information and for
which the UE has a priority provided.

##### 6.1.2.8.3 Test description {#test-description-14 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.8.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-14 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-13 .H6}

\- Three intra-frequency multi-PLMN cells.

\- The PLMNs are identified in the test by the identifiers in Table
6.1.2.8.3.1-1.

\- System information combination NR-3 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR cells

Table 6.1.2.8.3.1-1: PLMN identifiers

  Cell   PLMN name
  ------ -----------
  1      PLMN1
  2      PLMN2
  4      PLMN3

\- All cells are high quality.

\- All cells are suitable cells.

##### UE: {#ue-14 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic PLMN selection mode.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-15 .H6}

\- The UE is registered on PLMN1 (NR Cell 1) using the procedure
described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] clause 4.5.2.2 except that the
REGISTRATION ACCEPT message indicates PLMN3 in the Equivalent PLMN list
as described in Table 6.1.2.8.3.3-1.

\- The UE is in state Registered, Idle Mode (State 1N-A) on NR Cell 1
according to TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-1.

##### 6.1.2.8.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-14 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.8.3.2-1 for FR1 and Table 6.1.2.8.3.2-2 for FR2 illustrates
the downlink power levels and other changing parameters to be applied
for the cells at various time instants of the test execution. Row marked
\"T0\" denotes the initial conditions after preamble, while columns
marked \"T1\" and \"T2\" are to be applied subsequently in the Main
behaviour. The exact instants on which these values shall be applied are
described in the texts in this clause.

> Table 6.1.2.8.3.2-1: Cell configuration changes over time for FR1

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remarks |
|    | rameter |         | 1       | 2       | 4       |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T0 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -78     | -84     | -90     | All NR  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | cells S |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | \> 0    |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -115    | -88     | -82     | NR Cell |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 1 S \<  |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | 0 as    |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | de      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | scribed |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | clause  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 6.2.2.1 |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -115    | -82     | -88     |         |
|    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

> Table 6.1.2.8.3.2-2: Cell configuration changes over time for FR2

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remarks |
|    | rameter |         | 1       | 2       | 4       |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T0 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -82     | -91     | -100    | All NR  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | cells S |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | \> 0    |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | "Off"   | -91     | -82     | NR Cell |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 1 S \<  |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | 0 as    |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | de      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | scribed |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | clause  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 6.2.2.2 |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -120    | -82     | -91     |         |
|    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.1.2.8.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| St | Procedure    | Message      | TP           | Verdict |    |
|    |              | Sequence     |              |         |    |
+====+==============+==============+==============+=========+====+
|    |              | U - S        | Message      |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 1  | Check: Does  | \--\>        | *NR RRC:     | 1       | F  |
|    | the UE send  |              | RRCS         |         |    |
|    | an           |              | etupRequest* |         |    |
|    | *RRCS        |              |              |         |    |
|    | etupRequest* |              |              |         |    |
|    | within the   |              |              |         |    |
|    | next T       |              |              |         |    |
|    | seconds?     |              |              |         |    |
|    |              |              |              |         |    |
|    | NOTE: The    |              |              |         |    |
|    | wait period  |              |              |         |    |
|    | of T seconds |              |              |         |    |
|    | is to ensure |              |              |         |    |
|    | that the UE  |              |              |         |    |
|    | has          |              |              |         |    |
|    | detected,    |              |              |         |    |
|    | measured and |              |              |         |    |
|    | evaluated    |              |              |         |    |
|    | the          |              |              |         |    |
|    | neighbour    |              |              |         |    |
|    | int          |              |              |         |    |
|    | er-frequency |              |              |         |    |
|    | NR cells is  |              |              |         |    |
|    | provided,    |              |              |         |    |
|    | see TS       |              |              |         |    |
|    | 38.133\[30\] |              |              |         |    |
|    | clause       |              |              |         |    |
|    | 4.2.2.4,     |              |              |         |    |
|    | where in T = |              |              |         |    |
|    | 100sec for   |              |              |         |    |
|    | FR1 and      |              |              |         |    |
|    | 300sec for   |              |              |         |    |
|    | FR2.         |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 2  | SS adjusts   | \-           | \-           | \-      | \- |
|    | cell levels  |              |              |         |    |
|    | according to |              |              |         |    |
|    | row T1 of    |              |              |         |    |
|    | table        |              |              |         |    |
|    | 6            |              |              |         |    |
|    | .1.2.8.3.2-1 |              |              |         |    |
|    | for FR1 (or  |              |              |         |    |
|    | table        |              |              |         |    |
|    | 6            |              |              |         |    |
|    | .1.2.8.3.2-2 |              |              |         |    |
|    | for FR2).    |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 3  | Check: Does  | \-           | \-           | 2       | \- |
|    | the test     |              |              |         |    |
|    | result of    |              |              |         |    |
|    | generic test |              |              |         |    |
|    | procedure in |              |              |         |    |
|    | TS 38.508-1  |              |              |         |    |
|    | \[4\]        |              |              |         |    |
|    | subclause    |              |              |         |    |
|    | 4.9.5        |              |              |         |    |
|    | indicate     |              |              |         |    |
|    | that the UE  |              |              |         |    |
|    | is camped on |              |              |         |    |
|    | NR Cell 4?   |              |              |         |    |
|    |              |              |              |         |    |
|    | NOTE: The UE |              |              |         |    |
|    | performs a   |              |              |         |    |
|    | Registration |              |              |         |    |
|    | procedure    |              |              |         |    |
|    | for mobility |              |              |         |    |
|    | registration |              |              |         |    |
|    | update with  |              |              |         |    |
|    | PLMN1 and    |              |              |         |    |
|    | PLMN2 listed |              |              |         |    |
|    | as an        |              |              |         |    |
|    | Equivalent   |              |              |         |    |
|    | PLMN in the  |              |              |         |    |
|    | REGISTRATION |              |              |         |    |
|    | ACCEPT       |              |              |         |    |
|    | message.     |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 4  | SS adjusts   | \-           | \-           | \-      | \- |
|    | cell levels  |              |              |         |    |
|    | according to |              |              |         |    |
|    | row T2 of    |              |              |         |    |
|    | table        |              |              |         |    |
|    | 6            |              |              |         |    |
|    | .1.2.8.3.2-1 |              |              |         |    |
|    | for FR1 (or  |              |              |         |    |
|    | table        |              |              |         |    |
|    | 6            |              |              |         |    |
|    | .1.2.8.3.2-2 |              |              |         |    |
|    | for FR2).    |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 5  | Check: Does  | \-           | \-           | 1       | \- |
|    | the test     |              |              |         |    |
|    | result of    |              |              |         |    |
|    | generic test |              |              |         |    |
|    | procedure in |              |              |         |    |
|    | TS 38.508-1  |              |              |         |    |
|    | \[4\]        |              |              |         |    |
|    | subclause    |              |              |         |    |
|    | 4.9.5        |              |              |         |    |
|    | indicate     |              |              |         |    |
|    | that the UE  |              |              |         |    |
|    | is camped on |              |              |         |    |
|    | NR Cell 2?   |              |              |         |    |
|    |              |              |              |         |    |
|    | NOTE: The UE |              |              |         |    |
|    | performs a   |              |              |         |    |
|    | Registration |              |              |         |    |
|    | procedure    |              |              |         |    |
|    | for mobility |              |              |         |    |
|    | registration |              |              |         |    |
|    | update with  |              |              |         |    |
|    | PLMN1 and    |              |              |         |    |
|    | PLMN3 listed |              |              |         |    |
|    | as an        |              |              |         |    |
|    | Equivalent   |              |              |         |    |
|    | PLMN in the  |              |              |         |    |
|    | REGISTRATION |              |              |         |    |
|    | ACCEPT       |              |              |         |    |
|    | message.     |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 6  | SS adjusts   | \-           | \-           | \-      | \- |
|    | cell levels  |              |              |         |    |
|    | according to |              |              |         |    |
|    | row T1 of    |              |              |         |    |
|    | table        |              |              |         |    |
|    | 6            |              |              |         |    |
|    | .1.2.8.3.2-1 |              |              |         |    |
|    | for FR1 (or  |              |              |         |    |
|    | table        |              |              |         |    |
|    | 6            |              |              |         |    |
|    | .1.2.8.3.2-2 |              |              |         |    |
|    | for FR2).    |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 7  | Check: Does  | \-           | \-           | 1       | \- |
|    | the test     |              |              |         |    |
|    | result of    |              |              |         |    |
|    | generic test |              |              |         |    |
|    | procedure in |              |              |         |    |
|    | TS 38.508-1  |              |              |         |    |
|    | \[4\]        |              |              |         |    |
|    | subclause    |              |              |         |    |
|    | 4.9.5        |              |              |         |    |
|    | indicate     |              |              |         |    |
|    | that the UE  |              |              |         |    |
|    | is camped on |              |              |         |    |
|    | NR Cell 4,   |              |              |         |    |
|    | \'*connected |              |              |         |    |
|    | without      |              |              |         |    |
|    | release*\'?  |              |              |         |    |
|    |              |              |              |         |    |
|    | NOTE: The UE |              |              |         |    |
|    | performs a   |              |              |         |    |
|    | Registration |              |              |         |    |
|    | procedure    |              |              |         |    |
|    | for mobility |              |              |         |    |
|    | registration |              |              |         |    |
|    | update with  |              |              |         |    |
|    | PLMN1 and    |              |              |         |    |
|    | PLMN2 listed |              |              |         |    |
|    | as an        |              |              |         |    |
|    | Equivalent   |              |              |         |    |
|    | PLMN in the  |              |              |         |    |
|    | REGISTRATION |              |              |         |    |
|    | ACCEPT       |              |              |         |    |
|    | message.     |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+

##### 6.1.2.8.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-13 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.8.3.3-1: REGISTRATION ACCEPT for NR Cell 1 (preamble)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-7                            
  -------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                Value/Remark   Comment   Condition
  Equivalent PLMNs                                   PLMN3                    

Table 6.1.2.8.3.3-2: REGISTRATION ACCEPT for NR Cell 4 (steps 3 & 7,
Table 6.1.2.8.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-7                            
  -------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                Value/Remark   Comment   Condition
  Equivalent PLMNs                                   PLMN1, 2                 
  Allowed NSSAI                                                               
  S-NSSAI                                                                     
  Length of S-NSSAI contents                         '0000 0010'B             
  Mapped HPLMN SST                                   Same as SST              

Table 6.1.2.8.3.3-3: REGISTRATION ACCEPT for NR Cell 2 (step 5, Table
6.1.2.8.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-7                            
  -------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                Value/Remark   Comment   Condition
  Equivalent PLMNs                                   PLMN1, 3                 
  Allowed NSSAI                                                               
  S-NSSAI                                                                     
  Length of S-NSSAI contents                         '0000 0010'B             
  Mapped HPLMN SST                                   Same as SST              

#### 6.1.2.9 Cell reselection using Qhyst, Qoffset and Treselection

##### 6.1.2.9.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-15 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-39 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state, and the UE is not in high mobility
state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { Qhyst is non-zero or its value changes in system information
}

**then** { UE reselects the highest ranked cell taking the actual Qhyst
value into account }

}

##### (2) {#section-40 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state, and the UE is not in high mobility
}

**ensure that** {

**when** { cell reselection criteria are fulfilled during a time
interval Treselection }

**then** { UE reselects the highest ranked cell after the Treselection
interval expires }

}

##### (3) {#section-41 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state, and the UE is not in high mobility
}

**ensure that** {

**when** { Qoffset is non-zero or its value changes in system
information }

**then** { UE reselects the highest ranked cell taking the actual
Qoffset value into account }

}

##### 6.1.2.9.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-15 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in TS 38.304: clause 5.2.4.6. Unless otherwise stated these
are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.6\]

The cell-ranking criterion R~s~ for serving cell and R~n~ for
neighbouring cells is defined by:

+-------------------------------------------+
| R~s~ = Q~meas,s~ +Q~hyst~ - Qoffset~temp~ |
|                                           |
| R~n~ = Q~meas,n~ -Qoffset - Qoffset~temp~ |
+-------------------------------------------+

where:

+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Q~meas~       | RSRP measurement quantity used in cell              |
|               | reselections.                                       |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset       | For intra-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~, if     |
|               | Qoffset~s,n~ is valid, otherwise this equals to     |
|               | zero.                                               |
|               |                                                     |
|               | For inter-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~ plus    |
|               | Qoffset~frequency~, if Qoffset~s,n~ is valid,       |
|               | otherwise this equals to Qoffset~frequency~.        |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset~temp~ | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as specified   |
|               | in TS 38.331 \[3\].                                 |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

The UE shall perform ranking of all cells that fulfil the cell selection
criterion S, which is defined in 5.2.3.2.

The cells shall be ranked according to the R criteria specified above by
deriving Q~meas,n~ and Q~meas,s~ and calculating the R values using
averaged RSRP results.

If *rangeToBestCell* is not configured, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell. If this cell is found to be
not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to subclause 5.2.4.4.

If *rangeToBestCell* is configured*,* then the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the cell with the highest number of beams above the
threshold (i.e. *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation*) among the cells whose
R value is within *rangeToBestCell* of the R value of the highest ranked
cell. If there are multiple such cells, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell among them. If this cell is found
to be not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to subclause 5.2.4.4.

In all cases, the UE shall reselect the new cell, only if the following
conditions are met:

\- the new cell is better than the serving cell according to the cell
reselection criteria specified above during a time interval
Treselection~RAT~;

\- more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

##### 6.1.2.9.3 Test description {#test-description-15 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.9.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-15 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-14 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 11.

\- System information combination NR-3 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
Table 4.4.3.1.2-1 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-15 .H6}

None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-16 .H6}

\- The UE is in state 1N-A on NR Cell 1(serving cell) according to TS
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-1.

##### 6.1.2.9.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-15 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.9.3.2-1/2 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the NR cells at various time
instants of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values
shall be applied are described in the texts in this clause. The
configuration \"T0\" indicates the initial conditions. Subsequent
configurations marked \"T1\", \"T2\" and so on are applied at the points
indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table 6.1.2.9.3.2-3.

Table 6.1.2.9.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes For FR1

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|         | rameter |         | 1       | 2       | 11      |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | Off     | Off     | The     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ensure  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | the UE  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | reg     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | istered |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | on NR   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Q       | dB      | 24      | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | hyst~s~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Qoffs   | dB      | 0       | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | et~s,n~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Tresele | S       | 0       | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | ctionNR |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -94     | -88     | Off     | NR Cell |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | 2       |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | becomes |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | s       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | tronger |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | than NR |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | but NR  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | remains |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | the     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | one due |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Qhyst~s |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \ NR\ C |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Q       | dB      | 24      | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | hyst~s~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Qoffs   | dB      | 0       | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | et~s,n~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Tresele | S       | 0       | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | ctionNR |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -94     | -88     | Off     | Qhyst~s |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \ NR\ C |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | change  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | causes  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | NR Cell |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | 2 to    |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | become  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | cell    |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Q       | dB      | 0       | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | hyst~s~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Qoffs   | dB      | 0       | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | et~s,n~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Tresele | S       | 0       | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | ctionNR |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T3      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | -94     | Off     | NR Cell |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | 1       |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | becomes |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | the     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | st      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | rongest |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | and     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | one due |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | adj     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ustment |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Q       | dB      | 0       | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | hyst~s~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Qoffs   | dB      | 0       | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | et~s,n~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Tresele | S       | 0       | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | ctionNR |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T4      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | -94     | Off     | Qo      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ffset~s |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | ,n\ NR\ |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |  Cell1~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | change  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | 24dB,   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Qoff    |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | set~s,n |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \ NR\ C |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 2~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | remains |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | zero    |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Q       | dB      | 0       | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | hyst~s~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Qoffs   | dB      | 24      | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | et~s,n~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Tresele | S       | 0       | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | ctionNR |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T5      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -94     | -88     | Off     | NR Cell |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | 1       |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | becomes |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | weaker  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | but it  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | remains |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | the     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | one due |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Qoff    |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | set~s,n |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \ NR\ C |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Q       | dB      | 0       | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | hyst~s~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Qoffs   | dB      | 24      | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | et~s,n~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Tresele | S       | 0       | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | ctionNR |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T6      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -94     | -88     | Off     | NR Cell |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | 2       |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | becomes |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | the     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | one due |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Qoff    |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | set~s,n |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \ NR\ C |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | change  |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Q       | dB      | 0       | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | hyst~s~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Qoffs   | dB      | 0       | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | et~s,n~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Tresele | S       | 0       | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | ctionNR |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T7      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | -94     | Off     | NR Cell |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | 1       |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | becomes |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | the     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | one     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Q       | dB      | 0       | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | hyst~s~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Qoffs   | dB      | 0       | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | et~s,n~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Tresele | S       | 0       | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | ctionNR |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T8      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | Off     | -94     | Tresele |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ctionNR |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | of NR   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | Cell 1  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | change  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to 7S   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Q       | dB      | 0       | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | hyst~s~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Qoffs   | dB      | 0       | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | et~s,n~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Tresele | S       | 7       | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | ctionNR |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T9      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -94     | Off     | -88     | NR Cell |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | 11      |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | becomes |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | the     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | one     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Q       | dB      | 0       | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | hyst~s~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Qoffs   | dB      | 0       | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | et~s,n~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Tresele | S       | 7       | 0       | 0       |         |
|         | ctionNR |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Note:   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| level   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| "Off"   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| defined |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| TS3     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 8.508-1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[4\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 6.2     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .2.1-3. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.1.2.9.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes For FR2

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|    | rameter |         | 1       | 2       | 11      |         |
+====+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -82     | Off     | **Off** | The     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ensure  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | the UE  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | reg     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | istered |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | on NR   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1. |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Q       | dB      | 24      | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | hyst~s~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Qoffs   | dB      | 0       | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | et~s,n~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Tresele | S       | 0       | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | ctionNR |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | -82     | **Off** | NR Cell |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 2       |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | becomes |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | s       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | tronger |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | than NR |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | but NR  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | remains |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | the     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | one due |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Qhyst~s |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \ NR\ C |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Q       | dB      | 24      | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | hyst~s~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Qoffs   | dB      | 0       | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | et~s,n~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Tresele | S       | 0       | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | ctionNR |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | -82     | **Off** | Qhyst~s |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \ NR\ C |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | change  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | causes  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | NR Cell |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 2 to    |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | become  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | cell    |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Q       | dB      | 0       | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | hyst~s~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Qoffs   | dB      | 0       | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | et~s,n~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Tresele | S       | 0       | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | ctionNR |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T3 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -82     | -91     | **Off** | NR Cell |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 1       |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | becomes |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | the     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | st      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | rongest |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | and     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | one due |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | adj     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ustment |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Q       | dB      | 0       | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | hyst~s~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Qoffs   | dB      | 0       | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | et~s,n~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Tresele | S       | 0       | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | ctionNR |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T4 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -82     | -91     | **Off** | Qo      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ffset~s |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | ,n\ NR\ |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |  Cell1~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | change  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 24dB,   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Qoff    |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | set~s,n |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \ NR\ C |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 2~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | remains |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | zero    |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Q       | dB      | 0       | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | hyst~s~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Qoffs   | dB      | 24      | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | et~s,n~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Tresele | S       | 0       | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | ctionNR |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T5 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | -82     | **Off** | NR Cell |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 1       |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | becomes |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | weaker  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | but it  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | remains |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | the     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | one due |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Qoff    |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | set~s,n |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \ NR\ C |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Q       | dB      | 0       | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | hyst~s~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Qoffs   | dB      | 24      | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | et~s,n~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Tresele | S       | 0       | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | ctionNR |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T6 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | -82     | **Off** | NR Cell |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 2       |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | becomes |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | the     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | one due |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Qoff    |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | set~s,n |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \ NR\ C |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | change  |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Q       | dB      | 0       | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | hyst~s~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Qoffs   | dB      | 0       | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | et~s,n~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Tresele | S       | 0       | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | ctionNR |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T7 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -82     | -91     | **Off** | NR Cell |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 1       |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | becomes |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | the     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | one     |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Q       | dB      | 0       | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | hyst~s~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Qoffs   | dB      | 0       | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | et~s,n~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Tresele | S       | 0       | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | ctionNR |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T8 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -82     | Off     | -94     | Tresele |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ctionNR |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | of NR   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | Cell 1  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | change  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to 7S   |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Q       | dB      | 0       | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | hyst~s~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Qoffs   | dB      | 0       | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | et~s,n~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Tresele | S       | 7       | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | ctionNR |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T9 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | Off     | **-82** | NR Cell |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 11      |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | becomes |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | the     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | one     |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Q       | dB      | 0       | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | hyst~s~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Qoffs   | dB      | 0       | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | et~s,n~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Tresele | S       | 7       | 0       | **0**   |         |
|    | ctionNR |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.1.2.9.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  St                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Procedure                                                                                                                                                                        Message Sequence   TP                          Verdict   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ --------------------------- --------- ----
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        U - S              Message                               
  1                                                                                                                                                                                                                    SS re-adjusts the SSS levels according to row \"T1\" in table 6.1.2.9.3.2-1/2.                                                                                                   \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  1A                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Wait for 34\[FR1\]/130\[FR2\] seconds, the SS transmits a Paging message on NR Cell 2.                                                                                           \<\--              NR RRC: *Paging*            \-        \-
  2                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Check: Does the UE send an *NR: RRCSetupRequest* on NR Cell 2 within the next 10 seconds?                                                                                        \--\>              NR RRC: *RRCSetupRequest*   1         F
  2A                                                                                                                                                                                                                   SS resets Qhyst~s\ NR\ Cell\ 1~ according to row \"T2\" in table 6.1.2.9.3.2-1/2, The *ValueTag* of *SIB2* in the SI-SchedulingInfo of *SIB1* is increased on NR Cell 1.         \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  3                                                                                                                                                                                                                    SS notifies UE of the system information change on NR Cell 1 by send Short Message on PDCCH using P-RNTI.                                                                        \<\--              NR RRC: *Paging*            \-        \-
  4                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Void                                                                                                                                                                             \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  5                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Wait for 2.1\* modification period to allow the new system information to take effect.                                                                                           \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  5A                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Wait for 8\[FR1\]/27\[FR2\] seconds.                                                                                                                                             \-                 *-*                         \-        \-
  6                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.4.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 2?                                        \-                 \-                          1         \-
  7                                                                                                                                                                                                                    SS re-adjusts SSS levels according to rows \"T3\" in table 6.1.2.9.3.2-1/2.                                                                                                      \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  8                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Wait for 8\[FR1\]/27\[FR2\] seconds to allow UE to recognise the change.                                                                                                         \-                 *-*                         \-        \-
  9                                                                                                                                                                                                                    The test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.4.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 1.                                                    \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  9A                                                                                                                                                                                                                   SS changes Qoffset~s,n\ NR\ Cell\ 1~ according to rows \"T4\" in table 6.1.2.9.3.2-1/2. The *ValueTag* of *SIB3* in the SI-SchedulingInfo of *SIB1* is increased on NR Cell 1.   \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  10                                                                                                                                                                                                                   SS notifies UE of the system information change on NR Cell 1 by send Short Message on PDCCH using P-RNTI.                                                                        \<\--              NR RRC: *Paging*            \-        \-
  11                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Void                                                                                                                                                                             \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  12                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Wait for 2.1\* modification period to allow the new system information to take effect.                                                                                           \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  13                                                                                                                                                                                                                   SS re-adjusts SSS levels according to row \"T5\" in table 6.1.2.9.3.2-1/2.                                                                                                       \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  14                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Wait for 8\[FR1\]/27\[FR2\] seconds to allow UE to recognise the change.                                                                                                         \-                 *-*                         \-        \-
  15                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.4.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is still camped on NR Cell 1?                                  \-                 \-                          3         \-
  15A                                                                                                                                                                                                                  SS resets Qoffset~s,n\ NR\ Cell1~ according to row \"T6\" in table 6.1.2.9.3.2-1/2, The *ValueTag* of *SIB3* in the SI-SchedulingInfo of *SIB1* is increased on NR Cell 1.       \-                 *-*                         \-        \-
  16                                                                                                                                                                                                                   SS notifies UE of the system information change on NR Cell 1 by send Short Message on PDCCH using P-RNTI.                                                                        \<\--              NR RRC: *Paging*            \-        \-
  17                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Void                                                                                                                                                                             \-                 *-*                         \-        \-
  18                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Wait for 2.1\* modification period to allow the new system information to take effect.                                                                                           \-                 *-*                         \-        \-
  18A                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Wait for 8\[FR1\]/27\[FR2\] seconds.                                                                                                                                             \-                 *-*                         \-        \-
  19                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.4.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 2?                                        \-                 \-                          3         \-
  20                                                                                                                                                                                                                   SS re-adjusts SSS levels according to rows \"T7\" in table 6.1.2.9.3.2-1/2.                                                                                                      \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  21                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Wait for 8\[FR1\]/27\[FR2\] seconds to allow UE to recognise the change.                                                                                                         \-                 *-*                         \-        \-
  22                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.4.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 1?                                        \-                 \-                          3         \-
  22A                                                                                                                                                                                                                  SS changes Treselection~NR\ Cell\ 1~ according to rows \"T8\" in table 6.1.2.9.3.2-1/2, The *ValueTag* of *SIB2* in the SI-SchedulingInfo of *SIB1* is increased on NR Cell 1.   \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  23                                                                                                                                                                                                                   SS sends notification of the system information change on NR Cell 1 by send Short Message on PDCCH using P-RNTI.                                                                 \<\--              NR RRC: *Paging*            \-        \-
  24                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Void                                                                                                                                                                             \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  25                                                                                                                                                                                                                   SS re-adjusts cell power levels according to rows \"T8\" in table 6.1.2.9.3.2-1/2.                                                                                               \-                 *-*                         \-        \-
  26                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Wait for 34\[FR1\]/130\[FR2\] seconds to allow UE to detect Cell 11.                                                                                                             \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  27                                                                                                                                                                                                                   SS re-adjusts SSS levels according to rows \"T9\" in table 6.1.2.9.3.2-1/2.                                                                                                      \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  28                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Check: Does the UE send an *NR: RRCSetupRequest* on NR Cell 11 within Timer=TreselectionNR from step 27?                                                                         \--\>              NR RRC: *RRCSetupRequest*   2         F
  29                                                                                                                                                                                                                   SS waits for Timer=Treselection~NR\ Cell\ 1~ expires after step 27                                                                                                                                                                        
  30                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Check: Does the UE send an *NR: RRCsetupRequest* on NR Cell 11?                                                                                                                  \--\>              NR RRC: *RRCSetupRequest*   2         P
  31-34                                                                                                                                                                                                                Steps 2 to 5 of the generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.5.2.2-1 are performed on NR Cell 11.                                                                   \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  Note: The wait time at steps 2 and 26 is T~detect,NR\_Intra~ and at Steps 8,14 and 21 it is T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ (as per TS 38.133 \[30\], clause 4.2.2.3) plus the time to read the system information T~SI-NR.~                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             

##### 6.1.2.9.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-14 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.9.3.3-1: *SIB1 of NR Cell 1 (preamble and all steps, Table*
6.1.2.9.3.2-3*)*

  ---------------------------------------------------- ------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                 
  Information Element                                  Value/remark        Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                
  si-SchedulingInfo                                    SI-SchedulingInfo             
  }                                                                                  
  ---------------------------------------------------- ------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.1.2.9.3.3-2: SI-SchedulingInfo (si-SchedulingInfo in Table
6.1.2.9.3.3-1)

  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ---------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.3-173                                                                                            
  Information Element                                                        Value/remark   Comment                                              Condition
  SI-SchedulingInfo ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                               
  schedulingInfoList SEQUENCE (SIZE(1..maxSI-Message)) OF SchedulingInfo {   1 entry                                                             
  SchedulingInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                            entry 1                                              
  sib-MappingInfo SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSIB)) OF SIB-TypeInfo {              2 entries                                                           
  SIB-TypeInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                              entry 1                                              
  Type\[1\]                                                                  sibType2                                                            
  valueTag\[1\]                                                              0              The value is increased by 1 in step 4 and step 24    
  }                                                                                                                                              
  SIB-TypeInfo\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                              entry 2                                              
  Type\[2\]                                                                  sibType3                                                            
  valueTag\[2\]                                                              0              The value is increased by 1 in step 11 and step 17   
  }                                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                                              
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ---------------------------------------------------- -----------

Table 6.1.2.9.3.3-3: *SIB2 of NR Cell 1 (preamble,* Table
6.1.2.9.3.2-3*)*

  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                            
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB2 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  cellReselectionInfoCommon SEQUENCE {                                         
  q-Hyst                                              dB24                     
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.1.2.9.3.3-4: *SIB2 of NR Cell 1 (step 2A,* Table
6.1.2.9.3.2-3*)*

  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                            
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB2 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  cellReselectionInfoCommon SEQUENCE {                                         
  q-Hyst                                              dB0                      
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.1.2.9.3.3-5: SIB3 of NR Cell 1 (step 9A, Table 6.1.2.9.3.2-3)

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-2                                                                
  Information Element                                                                     Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB3 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                              
  intraFreqNeighCellList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1.. maxCellIntra)) OF IntraFreqNeighCellInfo {   1 entry                  
  IntraFreqNeighCellInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE{                                                                  entry 1   
  q-OffsetCell                                                                            dB24                     
  }                                                                                                                
  }                                                                                                                
  }                                                                                                                
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.1.2.9.3.3-6: SIB3 of NR Cell 1 (step 15A, Table 6.1.2.9.3.2-3)

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-2                                                                
  Information Element                                                                     Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB3 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                              
  intraFreqNeighCellList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1.. maxCellIntra)) OF IntraFreqNeighCellInfo {   1 entry                  
  IntraFreqNeighCellInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                 entry 1   
  q-OffsetCell                                                                            dB0                      
  }                                                                                                                
  }                                                                                                                
  }                                                                                                                
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.1.2.9.3.3-7: *SIB2 of NR Cell 1 (step 22A,* Table
6.1.2.9.3.2-3*)*

  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                            
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB2 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  intraFreqCellReselectionInfo SEQUENCE {                                      
  t-ReselectionNR                                     7              seconds   
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

#### 6.1.2.10 Void

#### 6.1.2.11 Area Specific SIBs using systemInformationAreaID

##### 6.1.2.11.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-16 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-42 .H6}

**with { UE is in NR RRC\_IDLE state }**

**ensure that {**

**when { SIB1 does not include si-RequestConfig and si-BroadcastStatus
set to notBroadcasting }**

**then { UE sends RRCSystemInfoRequest message and acquires the
necessary SIBs }**

}

##### (2) {#section-43 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR\_RRC Idle State }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE reselects to neighbour cell with same
systemInformationAreaID and **SIB1 does not include si-RequestConfig and
si-BroadcastStatus set to notBroadcasting** }

**then** { UE applies system information parameters of previous cell for
reselection purposes }

}

##### 6.1.2.11.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-16 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: 3GPP TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.4, 5.2.4.6 and 5.3.1. Unless
otherwise stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.2\]

Following rules are used by the UE to limit needed measurements:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~IntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~IntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform intra-frequency
measurements.

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform intra-frequency measurements.

\- The UE shall apply the following rules for NR inter-frequencies and
inter-RAT frequencies which are indicated in system information and for
which the UE has priority provided as defined in 5.2.4.1:

\- For a NR inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequency with a reselection
priority higher than the reselection priority of the current NR
frequency, the UE shall perform measurements of higher priority NR
inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequencies according to TS 38.133 \[8\].

\- For a NR inter-frequency with an equal or lower reselection priority
than the reselection priority of the current NR frequency and for
inter-RAT frequency with lower reselection priority than the reselection
priority of the current NR frequency:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform measurements of NR
inter-frequencies or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower
priority;

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform measurements of NR inter-frequencies
or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower priority according to TS
38.133 \[8\].

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.6\]

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is broadcast in system information and more
than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving
cell, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority NR or EUTRAN RAT/frequency fulfils Squal
\> Thresh~X,\ HighQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority NR frequency
or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \>
Thresh~X,\ HighP~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

\- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

Cell reselection to a cell on an equal priority NR frequency shall be
based on ranking for intra-frequency cell reselection as defined in
clause 5.2.4.6.

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is broadcast in system information and more
than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving
cell, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Squal \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~ and a cell
of a lower priority NR or E-UTRAN RAT/ frequency fulfils Squal \>
Thresh~X,\ LowQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~.

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority NR frequency
or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Srxlev \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowP~ and a cell
of a lower priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \> Thresh~X,\ LowP~
during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

> \- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
> serving cell.

Cell reselection to a higher priority RAT/frequency shall take
precedence over a lower priority RAT/frequency if multiple cells of
different priorities fulfil the cell reselection criteria.

If more than one cell meets the above criteria, the UE shall reselect a
cell as follows:

\- If the highest-priority frequency is an NR frequency, the highest
ranked cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies)
meeting the criteria according to clause 5.2.4.6;

\- If the highest-priority frequency is from another RAT, the strongest
cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies) meeting the
criteria of that RAT.

\[TS 38.331, clause 5.2.2.2.1\]

The UE shall apply the SI acquisition procedure as defined in clause
5.2.2.3 upon cell selection (e.g. upon power on), cell-reselection,
return from out of coverage, after reconfiguration with sync completion,
after entering the network from another RAT, upon receiving an
indication that the system information has changed, upon receiving a PWS
notification; and whenever the UE does not have a valid version of a
stored SIB.

When the UE acquires a *MIB* or a *SIB1* or an SI message in a serving
cell as described in clause 5.2.2.3, and if the UE stores the acquired
SIB, then the UE shall store the associated *areaScope*, if present, the
first *PLMN-Identity* in the *PLMN-IdentityInfoList*, the
*cellIdentity*, the *systemInformationAreaID*, if present, and the
*valueTag*, if present, as indicated in the *si-SchedulingInfo* for the
SIB. The UE may use a valid stored version of the SI except *MIB*,
*SIB1*, *SIB6*, *SIB7* or *SIB8* e.g. after cell re-selection, upon
return from out of coverage or after the reception of SI change
indication.

NOTE: The storage and management of the stored SIBs in addition to the
SIBs valid for the current serving cell is left to UE implementation.

The UE shall:

1\> delete any stored version of a SIB after 3 hours from the moment it
was successfully confirmed as valid;

1\> for each stored version of a SIB:

2\> if the *areaScope* is associated and its value for the stored
version of the SIB is the same as the value received in the
*si-SchedulingInfo* for that SIB from the serving cell:

3\> if the first *PLMN-Identity* included in the
*PLMN-IdentityInfoList*, the *systemInformationAreaID* and the
v*alueTag* that are included in the *si-SchedulingInfo* for the SIB
received from the serving cell are identical to the *PLMN-Identity*, the
*systemInformationAreaID* and the *valueTag* associated with the stored
version of that SIB:

4\> consider the stored SIB as valid for the cell;

...

\[TS 38.331, clause 5.2.2.3.3\]

The UE shall:

...

1\> else:

2\> apply the *timeAlignmentTimerCommon* included in *SIB1*;

2\> apply the CCCH configuration as specified in 9.1.1.2;

2\> initiate transmission of the *RRCSystemInfoRequest* message in
accordance with 5.2.2.3.4;

2\> if acknowledgement for *RRCSystemInfoRequest* message is received
from lower layers:

3\> acquire the requested SI message(s) as defined in subclause
5.2.2.3.2, immediately;

....

\[TS 38.331, clause 5.2.2.3.4\]

The UE shall set the contents of *RRCSystemInfoRequest* message as
follows:

1\> set the *requested-SI-List* to indicate the SI message(s) that the
UE requires to operate within the cell, and for which
*si-BroadcastStatus* is set to *notBroadcasting*.

The UE shall submit the *RRCSystemInfoRequest* message to lower layers
for transmission.

##### 6.1.2.11.3 Test description {#test-description-16 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.11.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-16 .H6}

System Simulator:

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 3 and NR Cell 6.

\- System information combination NR-2 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR Cells.

##### UE: {#ue-16 .H6}

None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-17 .H6}

\- The UE is in NR RRC Idle mode (state 1N-A) on NR Cell 1 according to
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-1.

##### 6.1.2.11.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-16 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.11.3.2-1/2 illustrate the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the cell at various time instants
of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause. The configuration T0
indicates the initial conditions for preamble. Configurations marked
\"T1\" and \"T2\" is applied at the points indicated in the Main
behaviour description in Table 6.1.2.11.3.2-3.

Table 6.1.2.11.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|    | rameter |         | 1       | 3       | 6       |         |
+====+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | Off     | Off     |         |
|    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -95     | -80     | Off     | The     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | S       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | rxlev~N |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | RCell3~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \>      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Thr     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | esh~X,\ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         |  HighP~ |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | Off     | -88     | -80     | The     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | R~NRC   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 3~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \<      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | R~NRC   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 6~ |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.1.2.11.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|    | rameter |         | 1       | 3       | 6       |         |
+====+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -82     | Off     | Off     |         |
|    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -100    | -82     | Off     | The     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | S       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | rxlev~N |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | RCell3~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \>      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Thr     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | esh~X,\ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         |  HighP~ |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | Off     | -91     | -82     | The     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | R~NRC   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 3~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \<      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | R~NRC   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 6~ |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.1.2.11.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| St        | Procedure | Message   | TP        | Verdict |    |
|           |           | Sequence  |           |         |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+=========+====+
|           |           | U - S     | Message   |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 0         | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | changes   |           |           |         |    |
|           | SIB1 as   |           |           |         |    |
|           | specified |           |           |         |    |
|           | as Table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.2.    |           |           |         |    |
|           | 11.3.3-1. |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | Note: The |           |           |         |    |
|           | sysinfo   |           |           |         |    |
|           | co        |           |           |         |    |
|           | mbination |           |           |         |    |
|           | of NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell 1 is |           |           |         |    |
|           | changed   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to NR-4.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 0A        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR PDCCH  | \-      | \- |
|           | notifies  |           | (DCI      |         |    |
|           | the UE of |           | 1\_0):    |         |    |
|           | change of |           | Short     |         |    |
|           | System    |           | Message   |         |    |
|           | In        |           |           |         |    |
|           | formation |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1 by |           |           |         |    |
|           | send      |           |           |         |    |
|           | Short     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on PDCCH  |           |           |         |    |
|           | using     |           |           |         |    |
|           | P-RNTI.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1         | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 2         | UE sends  | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1       | P  |
|           | *RRC      |           | *RRC      |         |    |
|           | SystemInf |           | SystemInf |         |    |
|           | oRequest* |           | oRequest* |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1 to |           |           |         |    |
|           | request   |           |           |         |    |
|           | SIB4.     |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |         |    |
|           | After     |           |           |         |    |
|           | receving  |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRC      |           |           |         |    |
|           | SystemInf |           |           |         |    |
|           | oRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 2, the SS |           |           |         |    |
|           | ignores   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | reception |           |           |         |    |
|           | of        |           |           |         |    |
|           | s         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ubsequent |           |           |         |    |
|           | RRC       |           |           |         |    |
|           | SystemInf |           |           |         |    |
|           | oRequest. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 3         | NR Cell 1 | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | starts    |           | *         |         |    |
|           | bro       |           | SystemInf |         |    |
|           | adcasting |           | ormation* |         |    |
|           | *         |           |           |         |    |
|           | SystemInf |           |           |         |    |
|           | ormation* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | which     |           |           |         |    |
|           | including |           |           |         |    |
|           | SIB4.     |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 3A        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | r         |           |           |         |    |
|           | e-adjusts |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | SS/PBCH   |           |           |         |    |
|           | EPRE      |           |           |         |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |         |    |
|           | and       |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to row    |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"T1\" in |           |           |         |    |
|           | table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.2.11  |           |           |         |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 4         | Wait 34s  | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | to let UE |           |           |         |    |
|           | to        |           |           |         |    |
|           | perform   |           |           |         |    |
|           | inter-    |           |           |         |    |
|           | frequency |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |         |    |
|           | re        |           |           |         |    |
|           | selection |           |           |         |    |
|           | to NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 3    |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1). |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 4A        | Does the  |           |           | 2       | F  |
|           | UE send   |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRC      |           |           |         |    |
|           | SystemInf |           |           |         |    |
|           | oRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 3 to |           |           |         |    |
|           | request   |           |           |         |    |
|           | SIB4 in   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the next  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 5s?       |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 4B        | The test  | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | result of |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.4.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | indicate  |           |           |         |    |
|           | that the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE is     |           |           |         |    |
|           | camped on |           |           |         |    |
|           | NR Cell   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 3.        |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 5         | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | r         |           |           |         |    |
|           | e-adjusts |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | SS/PBCH   |           |           |         |    |
|           | EPRE      |           |           |         |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |         |    |
|           | and       |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to row    |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"T2\" in |           |           |         |    |
|           | table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.2.11  |           |           |         |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 6         | Void      |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 6A        | Wait 34s  | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | to let UE |           |           |         |    |
|           | to        |           |           |         |    |
|           | perform   |           |           |         |    |
|           | inter-    |           |           |         |    |
|           | frequency |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |         |    |
|           | re        |           |           |         |    |
|           | selection |           |           |         |    |
|           | to NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell      |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.(Note   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 1)        |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 7         | Check:    | \-        | \-        | 2       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | result of |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.4.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | indicate  |           |           |         |    |
|           | that the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE is     |           |           |         |    |
|           | camped on |           |           |         |    |
|           | NR Cell   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6?        |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| The wait  |           |           |           |         |    |
| time for  |           |           |           |         |    |
| cell      |           |           |           |         |    |
| re        |           |           |           |         |    |
| selection |           |           |           |         |    |
| procedure |           |           |           |         |    |
| is        |           |           |           |         |    |
| selected  |           |           |           |         |    |
| to cover  |           |           |           |         |    |
| T~d       |           |           |           |         |    |
| etect,\ N |           |           |           |         |    |
| R\_inter~ |           |           |           |         |    |
| (32s) +   |           |           |           |         |    |
| T~SI-NR~  |           |           |           |         |    |
| (1280 ms) |           |           |           |         |    |
| = 33.28s  |           |           |           |         |    |
| rounded   |           |           |           |         |    |
| up to     |           |           |           |         |    |
| 34s.      |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+

##### 6.1.2.11.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-15 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.11.3.3-1: *SIB1* of NR cell 1 and NR cell 3 (All steps in
Table 6.1.2.11.3.2-3)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------ ---------------------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28 with Condition SIG AND FR1                                                   
  Information Element                                                             Value/remark             Comment                Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                             
  cellSelectionInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                                                    
  si-SchedulingInfo                                                               SI-SchedulingInfo-Area   Table 6.1.2.11.3.3-2   
  }                                                                                                                               
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------ ---------------------- -----------

Table 6.1.2.11.3.3-2: SI-SchedulingInfo-Area (Table 6.1.2.11.3.3-1)

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.3-173 with Condition FR1                                                   
  Information Element                                                         Value/remark                       Comment   Condition
  SI-SchedulingInfo ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  schedulingInfoList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSI-Message)) OF SchedulingInfo {   2 entries                                    
  SchedulingInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                 entry 1   
  si-BroadcastStatus                                                          broadcasting                                 
  si-Periodicity                                                              rf32                                         
  sib-MappingInfo SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSIB)) OF SIB-TypeInfo {               1 entry                                      
  SIB-TypeInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                   entry 1   
  type                                                                        sibType2                                     
  }                                                                                                                        
  }                                                                                                                        
  }                                                                                                                        
  SchedulingInfo\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                 entry 2   
  si-BroadcastStatus                                                          not broadcasting                             
  si-Periodicity                                                              rf64                                         
  sib-MappingInfo SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSIB)) OF SIB-TypeInfo {               1 entry                                      
  SIB-TypeInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                   entry 1   
  type                                                                        sibType4                                     
  valueTag                                                                    0                                            
  areaScope                                                                   true                                         
  }                                                                                                                        
  }                                                                                                                        
  }                                                                                                                        
  }                                                                                                                        
  systemInformationAreaID                                                     '0000 0000 0000 0000 0000 0011'B             
  }                                                                                                                        
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.1.2.11.3.3-3: *RRCSystemInfoRequest* (Step 2, Table
6.1.2.11.3.2-3)

  ---------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-24                                                                                        
  Information Element                                  Value/remark                       Comment                                           Condition
  RRCSystemInfoRequest ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                       
  criticalExtensions CHOICE {                                                                                                               
  rrcSystemInfoRequest-r15 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                       
  requested-SI-List                                    01000000000000000000000000000000   Bit corresponds to SIB4 in *schedulingInfoList*   
  }                                                                                                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                         
  ---------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------- -----------

Table 6.1.2.11.3.3-4: *SystemInformation* (Step 3, Table 6.1.2.11.3.2-3)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-29                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  Information Element                                                                   Value/remark                                                                             Comment                                                                                Condition
  SystemInformation ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  criticalExtensions CHOICE {                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
  systemInformation-r15 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  sib-TypeAndInfo SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSIB)) OF CHOICE {                               1 entry                                                                                                                                                                         
  SIB4 SEQUENCE {                                                                       As per TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                                                                          
  interFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo {   2 entries                                                                                                                                                                       
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                       entry 1                                                                                
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink NR ARFCN as used for NR Cell 3                                                                                                                                    
  smtc                                                                                  SSB-MTC as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.6.3-185 with condition INTER-FREQ\_ODD                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                       entry 2                                                                                
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink NR ARFCN as used for NR Cell 6                                                                                                                                    
  smtc                                                                                  SSB-MTC as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.6.3-185 with condition INTER-FREQ\_ODD   smtc of the inter-freq carrier for NR Cell 6 is calculated with respect to NR Cell 3   
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------

#### 6.1.2.12 Cell reselection using cell status and cell reservations / cellReservedForOtherUse

##### 6.1.2.12.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-17 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-44 .H6}

**with** { UE camped normally in state NR RRC\_IDLE }

**ensure that** {

**when** { A higher ranked cell is found with cell status \"true\" for
other use }

**then** { UE does not attempt to reselect to the higher ranked cell }

}

##### 6.1.2.12.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-17 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: 3GPP TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.4, 5.2.4.6 and 5.3.1. Unless
otherwise stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.4\]

For the highest ranked cell (including serving cell) according to cell
reselection criteria specified in subclause 5.2.4.6, for the best cell
according to absolute priority reselection criteria specified in
subclause 5.2.4.5, the UE shall check if the access is restricted
according to the rules in subclause 5.3.1.

If that cell and other cells have to be excluded from the candidate
list, as stated in subclause 5.3.1, the UE shall not consider these as
candidates for cell reselection. This limitation shall be removed when
the highest ranked cell changes.

If the highest ranked cell or best cell according to absolute priority
reselection rules is an intra-frequency or inter-frequency cell which is
not suitable due to being part of the \"list of 5GS forbidden TAs for
roaming\" or belonging to a PLMN which is not indicated as being
equivalent to the registered PLMN, the UE shall not consider this cell
and other cells on the same frequency, as candidates for reselection for
a maximum of 300 seconds. If the UE enters into state *any cell
selection*, any limitation shall be removed. If the UE is redirected
under NR control to a frequency for which the timer is running, any
limitation on that frequency shall be removed.

If the highest ranked cell or best cell according to absolute priority
reselection rules is an inter-RAT cell which is not suitable due to
being part of the \"list of forbidden TAs for roaming\" or belonging to
a PLMN which is not indicated as being equivalent to the registered
PLMN, the UE shall not consider this cell and other cells on the same
frequency, as candidates for reselection for a maximum of 300 seconds.
If the UE enters into state *any cell selection*, any limitation shall
be removed. If the UE is redirected under NR control to a frequency for
which the timer is running, any limitation on that frequency shall be
removed.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.6\]

The cell-ranking criterion R~s~ for serving cell and R~n~ for
neighbouring cells is defined by:

+-------------------------------------------+
| R~s~ = Q~meas,s~ +Q~hyst~ - Qoffset~temp~ |
|                                           |
| R~n~ = Q~meas,n~ -Qoffset - Qoffset~temp~ |
+-------------------------------------------+

where:

+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Q~meas~       | RSRP measurement quantity used in cell              |
|               | reselections.                                       |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset       | For intra-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~, if     |
|               | Qoffset~s,n~ is valid, otherwise this equals to     |
|               | zero.                                               |
|               |                                                     |
|               | For inter-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~ plus    |
|               | Qoffset~frequency~, if Qoffset~s,n~ is valid,       |
|               | otherwise this equals to Qoffset~frequency~.        |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset~temp~ | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as specified   |
|               | in TS 38.331 \[3\].                                 |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

The UE shall perform ranking of all cells that fulfil the cell selection
criterion S, which is defined in 5.2.3.2.

The cells shall be ranked according to the R criteria specified above by
deriving Q~meas,n~ and Q~meas,s~ and calculating the R values using
averaged RSRP results.

If *rangeToBestCell* is not configured, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell. If this cell is found to be
not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to subclause 5.2.4.4.

If *rangeToBestCell* is configured*,* then the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the cell with the highest number of beams above the
threshold (i.e. *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation*) among the cells whose
R value is within *rangeToBestCell* of the R value of the highest ranked
cell. If there are multiple such cells, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell among them. If this cell is found
to be not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to subclause 5.2.4.4.

In all cases, the UE shall reselect the new cell, only if the following
conditions are met:

\- the new cell is better than the serving cell according to the cell
reselection criteria specified above during a time interval
Treselection~RAT~;

\- more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.3.1\]

Cell status and cell reservations are indicated in the *MIB or SIB1*
message as specified in TS 38.331 \[3\] by means of three fields:

\- ***cellBarred*** (IE type: \"barred\" or \"not barred\")\
Indicated in *MIB* message. In case of multiple PLMNs indicated in
*SIB1*, this field is common for all PLMNs

\- ***cellReservedForOperatorUse*** (IE type: \"reserved\" or \"not
reserved\")\
Indicated in *SIB1* message*.* In case of multiple PLMNs indicated in
*SIB1*, this field is specified per PLMN.

\- ***cellReservedForOtherUse*** (IE type: \"true\")\
Indicated in *SIB1* message. In case of multiple PLMNs indicated in
*SIB1*, this field is common for all PLMNs.

When cell status is indicated as \"not barred\" and \"not reserved\" for
operator use and not \"true\" for other use,

\- All UEs shall treat this cell as candidate during the cell selection
and cell reselection procedures.

When cell status is indicated as \"true\" for other use,

\- The UE ***shall treat this cell as if cell status is \"barred\"***.

When cell status is indicated as \"not barred\" and \"reserved\" for
operator use for any PLMN and not \"true\" for other use,

\- UEs assigned to Access Identity 11 or 15 operating in their
HPLMN/EHPLMN shall treat this cell as candidate during the cell
selection and reselection procedures if the field
***cellReservedForOperatorUse for that PLMN set to \"reserved\".***

***- UEs assigned to an*** Access Identity ***1, 2 and 12 to 14 shall
behave as if the cell status is \"barred\" in case the cell is
\"reserved for operator use\" for the registered PLMN or the selected
PLMN.***

NOTE 1: Access Identities 11, 15 are only valid for use in the HPLMN/
EHPLMN; Access Identities 12, 13, 14 are only valid for use in the home
country as specified in TS 22.261 \[12\].

When cell status \"barred\" is indicated or to be treated as if the cell
status is \"barred\",

\- The UE is not permitted to select/reselect this cell, not even for
emergency calls.

\- The UE shall select another cell according to the following rule:

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to being unable to acquire the *MIB*:

\- the UE may exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for up to 300 seconds.

\- the UE may select another cell on the same frequency if the selection
criteria are fulfilled.

\- else:

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to being unable to acquire the *SIB1*:

\- The UE may exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for up to 300 seconds.

\- If the field *intraFreqReselection* in *MIB* message is set to
\"allowed\", the UE may select another cell on the same frequency if
re-selection criteria are fulfilled;

\- The UE shall exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for 300 seconds.

\- If the field *intraFreqReselection* in *MIB* message is set to \"not
allowed\" the UE shall not re-select a cell on the same frequency as the
barred cell;

\- The UE shall exclude the barred cell and the cells on the same
frequency as a candidate for cell selection/reselection for 300 seconds.

The cell selection of another cell may also include a change of RAT.

##### 6.1.2.12.3 Test description {#test-description-17 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.12.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-17 .H6}

System Simulator:

\- NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 11 in different tracking areas.

\- System information combination NR-2 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR Cells.

##### UE: {#ue-17 .H6}

None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-18 .H6}

\- The UE is in NR RRC Idle mode (state 1N-A) on NR Cell 1 according to
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-1.

##### 6.1.2.12.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-17 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.12.3.2-1/2 illustrate the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the cell at various time instants
of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause. The configuration T0
indicates the initial conditions for preamble. Configurations marked
\"T1\" is applied at the points indicated in the Main behaviour
description in Table 6.1.2.12.3.2-3.

Table 6.1.2.12.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | Parameter | Unit    | NR Cell 1 | NR Cell   | Remark    |
|    |           |         |           | 11        |           |
+====+===========+=========+===========+===========+===========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -88       | Off       |           |
|    |           |         |           |           |           |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -88       | -80       | The power |
|    |           |         |           |           | level     |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           | values    |
|    |           |         |           |           | are       |
|    |           |         |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |         |           |           | to        |
|    |           |         |           |           | satisfy   |
|    |           |         |           |           | R~N       |
|    |           |         |           |           | RCell\ 1~ |
|    |           |         |           |           | \<        |
|    |           |         |           |           | R~NR      |
|    |           |         |           |           | Cell\ 11~ |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | cellR     | \-      | \-        | True      |           |
|    | eservedFo |         |           |           |           |
|    | rOtherUse |         |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+

Table 6.1.2.12.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | Parameter | Unit    | NR Cell 1 | NR Cell   | Remark    |
|    |           |         |           | 11        |           |
+====+===========+=========+===========+===========+===========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -91       | Off       |           |
|    |           |         |           |           |           |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -91       | -82       | The power |
|    |           |         |           |           | level     |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           | values    |
|    |           |         |           |           | are       |
|    |           |         |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |         |           |           | to        |
|    |           |         |           |           | satisfy   |
|    |           |         |           |           | R~N       |
|    |           |         |           |           | RCell\ 1~ |
|    |           |         |           |           | \<        |
|    |           |         |           |           | R~NR      |
|    |           |         |           |           | Cell\ 11~ |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | cellR     | \-      | \-        | True      |           |
|    | eservedFo |         |           |           |           |
|    | rOtherUse |         |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+

Table 6.1.2.12.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  St   Procedure                                                                                                                                                    Message Sequence   TP        Verdict   
  ---- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------------ --------- --------- ----
                                                                                                                                                                    U - S              Message             
  1    The SS re-adjusts the SS/PBCH EPRE levels and according to row \"T1\" in table 6.1.2.12.3.2-1/2.                                                             \-                 \-        \-        \-
  2    Check: Does the UE initiate a random access procedure on NR Cell 11 within the next 120s?                                                                    \-                 \-        1         F
  3    Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.4.2.2-1 indicate that check UE is in state NR RRC\_IDLE on NR Cell 1?   \-                 \-        1         \-

##### 6.1.2.12.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-16 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.12.3.3-1: *SIB1* for NR Cell 11 (Preamble, Table
6.1.2.12.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-5                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/Remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  cellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                             
  cellReservedForOtherUse                             true                     
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            

#### 6.1.2.13 Cell reselection using cell status and cell reservations / Access Identity 0, 1, 2 and 12 to 14 -- cellReservedForOperatorUse

##### 6.1.2.13.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-18 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-45 .H6}

**with** { UE camped normally in state NR RRC\_IDLE and UE fitted with a
USIM with at least one of the following Access Identities set:
0,1,2,12,13,14 }

**ensure that** {

**when** { a higher ranked cell is found \"reserved\" for Operator use }

**then** { UE does not attempt to reselect to the higher ranked cell }

}

##### (2) {#section-46 .H6}

**with** { UE camped normally in state NR RRC\_IDLE and UE fitted with a
USIM with at least one of the following Access Identities set:
0,1,2,12,13,14}

**ensure that** {

**when** { a higher ranked cell is found \"not reserved\" for operator
use }

**then** { UE reselects to the higher ranked cell }

}

##### 6.1.2.13.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-18 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: 3GPP TS 38.304, clause 5.3.1. Unless otherwise stated
these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.3.1\]

Cell status and cell reservations are indicated in the *MIB or SIB1*
message as specified in TS 38.331 \[3\] by means of three fields:

\- ***cellBarred*** (IE type: \"barred\" or \"not barred\")\
Indicated in *MIB* message. In case of multiple PLMNs indicated in
*SIB1*, this field is common for all PLMNs

\- ***cellReservedForOperatorUse*** (IE type: \"reserved\" or \"not
reserved\")\
Indicated in *SIB1* message*.* In case of multiple PLMNs indicated in
*SIB1*, this field is specified per PLMN.

\- ***cellReservedForOtherUse*** (IE type: \"true\")\
Indicated in *SIB1* message. In case of multiple PLMNs indicated in
*SIB1*, this field is common for all PLMNs.

When cell status is indicated as \"not barred\" and \"not reserved\" for
operator use and not \"true\" for other use,

\- All UEs shall treat this cell as candidate during the cell selection
and cell reselection procedures.

When cell status is in+dicated as \"true\" for other use,

\- The UE ***shall treat this cell as if cell status is \"barred\"***.

When cell status is indicated as \"not barred\" and \"reserved\" for
operator use for any PLMN and not \"true\" for other use,

\- UEs assigned to Access Identity 11 or 15 operating in their
HPLMN/EHPLMN shall treat this cell as candidate during the cell
selection and reselection procedures if the field
***cellReservedForOperatorUse for that PLMN set to \"reserved\".***

***- UEs assigned to an*** Access Identity ***0, 1, 2 and 12 to 14 shall
behave as if the cell status is \"barred\" in case the cell is
\"reserved for operator use\" for the registered PLMN or the selected
PLMN.***

NOTE 1: Access Identities 11, 15 are only valid for use in the HPLMN/
EHPLMN; Access Identities 12, 13, 14 are only valid for use in the home
country as specified in TS 22.261 \[12\].

When cell status \"barred\" is indicated or to be treated as if the cell
status is \"barred\",

\- The UE is not permitted to select/reselect this cell, not even for
emergency calls.

\- The UE shall select another cell according to the following rule:

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to being unable to acquire the *MIB*:

\- the UE may exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for up to 300 seconds.

\- the UE may select another cell on the same frequency if the selection
criteria are fulfilled.

\- else:

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to being unable to acquire the *SIB1* or due to *trackingAreaCode* being
absent in *SIB1* as specified in TS 38.331 \[3\]:- The UE may exclude
the barred cell as a candidate for cell selection/reselection for up to
300 seconds.

\- If the field *intraFreqReselection* in *MIB* message is set to
\"allowed\", the UE may select another cell on the same frequency if
re-selection criteria are fulfilled;

\- The UE shall exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for 300 seconds.

\- If the field *intraFreqReselection* in *MIB* message is set to \"not
allowed\" the UE shall not re-select a cell on the same frequency as the
barred cell;

\- The UE shall exclude the barred cell and the cells on the same
frequency as a candidate for cell selection/reselection for 300 seconds.

The cell selection of another cell may also include a change of RAT.

##### 6.1.2.13.3 Test description {#test-description-18 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.13.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-18 .H6}

System Simulator:

\- NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 12 with different tracking areas.

\- NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 12 are HPLMN.

\- System information combination NR-4 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR Cells.

##### UE: {#ue-18 .H6}

None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-19 .H6}

\- The UE is in NR RRC Idle mode (state 1N-A) on NR Cell 1 according to
TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-1.

##### 6.1.2.13.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-18 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.13.3.2-1/2 illustrate the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the cell at various time instants
of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause. Configurations marked
\"T0\" is applied for Preamble. Configurations marked \"T1 is applied at
the points indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table
6.1.2.13.3.2-3.

Table 6.1.2.13.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | Parameter | Unit    | NR Cell 1 | NR Cell   | Remark    |
|    |           |         |           | 12        |           |
+====+===========+=========+===========+===========+===========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -88       | Off       |           |
|    |           |         |           |           |           |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -88       | -80       | The power |
|    |           |         |           |           | level     |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           | values    |
|    |           |         |           |           | are       |
|    |           |         |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |         |           |           | to        |
|    |           |         |           |           | satisfy   |
|    |           |         |           |           | R~N       |
|    |           |         |           |           | RCell\ 1~ |
|    |           |         |           |           | \<        |
|    |           |         |           |           | R~NR      |
|    |           |         |           |           | Cell\ 12~ |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | cellRese  | \-      | \-        | Reserved  |           |
|    | rvedForOp |         |           |           |           |
|    | eratorUse |         |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -88       | -80       | The power |
|    |           |         |           |           | level     |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           | values    |
|    |           |         |           |           | are       |
|    |           |         |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |         |           |           | to        |
|    |           |         |           |           | satisfy   |
|    |           |         |           |           | RNRCell 1 |
|    |           |         |           |           | \<        |
|    |           |         |           |           | RNRCell   |
|    |           |         |           |           | 12        |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | cellRese  | \-      | \-        | Not       |           |
|    | rvedForOp |         |           | Reserved  |           |
|    | eratorUse |         |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+

Table 6.1.2.13.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | Parameter | Unit    | NR Cell 1 | NR Cell   | Remark    |
|    |           |         |           | 12        |           |
+====+===========+=========+===========+===========+===========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -91       | Off       |           |
|    |           |         |           |           |           |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -91       | -82       | The power |
|    |           |         |           |           | level     |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           | values    |
|    |           |         |           |           | are       |
|    |           |         |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |         |           |           | to        |
|    |           |         |           |           | satisfy   |
|    |           |         |           |           | R~N       |
|    |           |         |           |           | RCell\ 1~ |
|    |           |         |           |           | \<        |
|    |           |         |           |           | R~NR      |
|    |           |         |           |           | Cell\ 12~ |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | cellRese  | \-      | \-        | Reserved  |           |
|    | rvedForOp |         |           |           |           |
|    | eratorUse |         |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -91       | -82       | The power |
|    |           |         |           |           | level     |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           | values    |
|    |           |         |           |           | are       |
|    |           |         |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |         |           |           | to        |
|    |           |         |           |           | satisfy   |
|    |           |         |           |           | RNRCell 1 |
|    |           |         |           |           | \<        |
|    |           |         |           |           | RNRCell   |
|    |           |         |           |           | 12        |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | cellRese  | \-      | \-        | Not       |           |
|    | rvedForOp |         |           |           |           |
|    | eratorUse |         |           | Reserved  |           |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+

Table 6.1.2.13.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+------------+------------+------------+---------+---------+----+
| St         | Procedure  | Message    | TP      | Verdict |    |
|            |            | Sequence   |         |         |    |
+============+============+============+=========+=========+====+
|            |            | U - S      | Message |         |    |
+------------+------------+------------+---------+---------+----+
| 1          | The SS     | \-         | \-      | \-      | \- |
|            | adjusts    |            |         |         |    |
|            | the        |            |         |         |    |
|            | SS/PBCH    |            |         |         |    |
|            | EPRE       |            |         |         |    |
|            | levels     |            |         |         |    |
|            | according  |            |         |         |    |
|            | to row     |            |         |         |    |
|            | \"T1\" in  |            |         |         |    |
|            | table      |            |         |         |    |
|            | 6.1.2.1    |            |         |         |    |
|            | 3.3.2-1/2. |            |         |         |    |
+------------+------------+------------+---------+---------+----+
| 1A         | Wait for   |            |         |         |    |
|            | 34s for    |            |         |         |    |
|            | FR1 or     |            |         |         |    |
|            | 130s for   |            |         |         |    |
|            | FR2 for    |            |         |         |    |
|            | the UE to  |            |         |         |    |
|            | detect and |            |         |         |    |
|            | receive    |            |         |         |    |
|            | system     |            |         |         |    |
|            | i          |            |         |         |    |
|            | nformation |            |         |         |    |
|            | of NR Cell |            |         |         |    |
|            | 12. (Note  |            |         |         |    |
|            | 1)         |            |         |         |    |
+------------+------------+------------+---------+---------+----+
| 2          | Check:     | \-         | \-      | 1       | F  |
|            | Does the   |            |         |         |    |
|            | UE         |            |         |         |    |
|            | initiate a |            |         |         |    |
|            | random     |            |         |         |    |
|            | access     |            |         |         |    |
|            | procedure  |            |         |         |    |
|            | on NR Cell |            |         |         |    |
|            | 12 within  |            |         |         |    |
|            | the next   |            |         |         |    |
|            | 180s from  |            |         |         |    |
|            | Step 1?    |            |         |         |    |
+------------+------------+------------+---------+---------+----+
| 3          | Check:     | \-         | \-      | 1       | \- |
|            | Does the   |            |         |         |    |
|            | test       |            |         |         |    |
|            | result of  |            |         |         |    |
|            | generic    |            |         |         |    |
|            | test       |            |         |         |    |
|            | procedure  |            |         |         |    |
|            | in TS      |            |         |         |    |
|            | 38.508-1   |            |         |         |    |
|            | \[4\]      |            |         |         |    |
|            | Table      |            |         |         |    |
|            | 4          |            |         |         |    |
|            | .9.4.2.2-1 |            |         |         |    |
|            | indicate   |            |         |         |    |
|            | that check |            |         |         |    |
|            | UE is in   |            |         |         |    |
|            | state NR   |            |         |         |    |
|            | RRC\_IDLE  |            |         |         |    |
|            | on NR Cell |            |         |         |    |
|            | 1?         |            |         |         |    |
+------------+------------+------------+---------+---------+----+
| 4          | The SS     | \-         | \-      | \-      | \- |
|            | changes    |            |         |         |    |
|            | the SIB1   |            |         |         |    |
|            | of NR Cell |            |         |         |    |
|            | 12         |            |         |         |    |
|            | according  |            |         |         |    |
|            | to Table   |            |         |         |    |
|            | 6.1.       |            |         |         |    |
|            | 2.13.3.3-1 |            |         |         |    |
|            | to set the |            |         |         |    |
|            | cellRe     |            |         |         |    |
|            | servedForO |            |         |         |    |
|            | peratorUse |            |         |         |    |
|            | as         |            |         |         |    |
|            | n          |            |         |         |    |
|            | otReserved |            |         |         |    |
|            | and        |            |         |         |    |
|            | adjusts    |            |         |         |    |
|            | the NR     |            |         |         |    |
|            | Cells      |            |         |         |    |
|            | power      |            |         |         |    |
|            | levels     |            |         |         |    |
|            | according  |            |         |         |    |
|            | to row     |            |         |         |    |
|            | \"T2\" in  |            |         |         |    |
|            | table      |            |         |         |    |
|            | 6.1.2.1    |            |         |         |    |
|            | 3.3.2-1/2. |            |         |         |    |
+------------+------------+------------+---------+---------+----+
| 5          | Check:     | \-         | \-      | 2       | P  |
|            | Does the   |            |         |         |    |
|            | test       |            |         |         |    |
|            | result of  |            |         |         |    |
|            | generic    |            |         |         |    |
|            | test       |            |         |         |    |
|            | procedure  |            |         |         |    |
|            | in TS      |            |         |         |    |
|            | 38.508-1   |            |         |         |    |
|            | \[4\]      |            |         |         |    |
|            | subclause  |            |         |         |    |
|            | 4          |            |         |         |    |
|            | .9.5.2.2-1 |            |         |         |    |
|            | indicate   |            |         |         |    |
|            | that the   |            |         |         |    |
|            | UE is      |            |         |         |    |
|            | camped on  |            |         |         |    |
|            | NR Cell 12 |            |         |         |    |
|            | after 300  |            |         |         |    |
|            | seconds    |            |         |         |    |
|            | from Step  |            |         |         |    |
|            | 1?         |            |         |         |    |
|            |            |            |         |         |    |
|            | NOTE: The  |            |         |         |    |
|            | UE shall   |            |         |         |    |
|            | exclude    |            |         |         |    |
|            | the barred |            |         |         |    |
|            | cell 12 as |            |         |         |    |
|            | a          |            |         |         |    |
|            | candidate  |            |         |         |    |
|            | for cell   |            |         |         |    |
|            | s          |            |         |         |    |
|            | election/r |            |         |         |    |
|            | eselection |            |         |         |    |
|            | for 300    |            |         |         |    |
|            | seconds    |            |         |         |    |
|            | after Step |            |         |         |    |
|            | 1.         |            |         |         |    |
+------------+------------+------------+---------+---------+----+
| Note 1:    |            |            |         |         |    |
| The wait   |            |            |         |         |    |
| time for   |            |            |         |         |    |
| reception  |            |            |         |         |    |
| of system  |            |            |         |         |    |
| i          |            |            |         |         |    |
| nformation |            |            |         |         |    |
| on a newly |            |            |         |         |    |
| detected   |            |            |         |         |    |
| inter      |            |            |         |         |    |
| frequency  |            |            |         |         |    |
| cell is    |            |            |         |         |    |
| selected   |            |            |         |         |    |
| to cover   |            |            |         |         |    |
| Tdetect    |            |            |         |         |    |
| ,NR\_Inter |            |            |         |         |    |
| (25\*      |            |            |         |         |    |
| 1280ms=32s |            |            |         |         |    |
| for FR1    |            |            |         |         |    |
| and        |            |            |         |         |    |
| 25\*4\*1   |            |            |         |         |    |
| 280ms=128s |            |            |         |         |    |
| for FR2) + |            |            |         |         |    |
| TSI-NR     |            |            |         |         |    |
| (1.28s for |            |            |         |         |    |
| FR1 and    |            |            |         |         |    |
| FR2) =     |            |            |         |         |    |
| 33.28s     |            |            |         |         |    |
| rounded up |            |            |         |         |    |
| to 34s for |            |            |         |         |    |
| FR1 and    |            |            |         |         |    |
| 129.28s    |            |            |         |         |    |
| rounded up |            |            |         |         |    |
| to 130s    |            |            |         |         |    |
| for FR2.   |            |            |         |         |    |
+------------+------------+------------+---------+---------+----+

##### 6.1.2.13.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-17 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.13.3.3-1: *SIB1* for NR Cell 12 (Preamble and step 4, Table
6.1.2.13.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                                                           
  ------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                 Value/Remark                                   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                          
  cellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                                             
  plmn-IdentityList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF PLMN-Identity {   1 entry                                                  
  PLMN-Identity\[1\]                                                  Set to the same PLMN-Identity with NR Cell 1   entry 1   
  cellReservedForOperatorUse                                          reserved                                                 Preamble
                                                                      notReserved                                              Step4
  }                                                                                                                            
  }                                                                                                                            
  }                                                                                                                            
  }                                                                                                                            

#### 6.1.2.14 Cell reselection using cell status and cell reservations / Access Identity 11 or 15 - cellReservedForOperatorUse

##### 6.1.2.14.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-19 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-47 .H6}

**with** { UE camped normally in state NR RRC\_IDLE operating in their
HPLMN/EHPLMN and fitted with a USIM with access Identities set: 11 or
15}

**ensure that** {

**when** { a higher ranked cell is found \"reserved\" for Operator use }

**then** { UE re-selects to the higher ranked cell }

}

##### 6.1.2.14.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-19 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: 3GPP TS 38.304, clause 5.3.1. Unless otherwise stated
these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.3.1\]

Cell status and cell reservations are indicated in the *MIB or SIB1*
message as specified in TS 38.331 \[3\] by means of three fields:

\- ***cellBarred*** (IE type: \"barred\" or \"not barred\")\
Indicated in *MIB* message. In case of multiple PLMNs indicated in
*SIB1*, this field is common for all PLMNs

\- ***cellReservedForOperatorUse*** (IE type: \"reserved\" or \"not
reserved\")\
Indicated in *SIB1* message*.* In case of multiple PLMNs indicated in
*SIB1*, this field is specified per PLMN.

\- ***cellReservedForOtherUse*** (IE type: \"true\")\
Indicated in *SIB1* message. In case of multiple PLMNs indicated in
*SIB1*, this field is common for all PLMNs.

When cell status is indicated as \"not barred\" and \"not reserved\" for
operator use and not \"true\" for other use,

\- All UEs shall treat this cell as candidate during the cell selection
and cell reselection procedures.

When cell status is indicated as \"true\" for other use,

\- The UE ***shall treat this cell as if cell status is \"barred\"***.

When cell status is indicated as \"not barred\" and \"reserved\" for
operator use for any PLMN and not \"true\" for other use,

\- UEs assigned to Access Identity 11 or 15 operating in their
HPLMN/EHPLMN shall treat this cell as candidate during the cell
selection and reselection procedures if the field
***cellReservedForOperatorUse for that PLMN set to \"reserved\".***

***- UEs assigned to an*** Access Identity ***1, 2 and 12 to 14 shall
behave as if the cell status is \"barred\" in case the cell is
\"reserved for operator use\" for the registered PLMN or the selected
PLMN.***

NOTE 1: Access Identities 11, 15 are only valid for use in the HPLMN/
EHPLMN; Access Identities 12, 13, 14 are only valid for use in the home
country as specified in TS 22.261 \[12\].

When cell status \"barred\" is indicated or to be treated as if the cell
status is \"barred\",

\- The UE is not permitted to select/reselect this cell, not even for
emergency calls.

\- The UE shall select another cell according to the following rule:

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to being unable to acquire the *MIB*:

\- the UE may exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for up to 300 seconds.

\- the UE may select another cell on the same frequency if the selection
criteria are fulfilled.

\- else:

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to being unable to acquire the *SIB1*:

\- The UE may exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for up to 300 seconds.

\- If the field *intraFreqReselection* in *MIB* message is set to
\"allowed\", the UE may select another cell on the same frequency if
re-selection criteria are fulfilled;

\- The UE shall exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for 300 seconds.

\- If the field *intraFreqReselection* in *MIB* message is set to \"not
allowed\" the UE shall not re-select a cell on the same frequency as the
barred cell;

\- The UE shall exclude the barred cell and the cells on the same
frequency as a candidate for cell selection/reselection for 300 seconds.

The cell selection of another cell may also include a change of RAT.

##### 6.1.2.14.3 Test description {#test-description-19 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.14.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-19 .H6}

System Simulator:

\- NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 3 in different tracking areas.

\- NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 3 are HPLMN.

\- System information combination NR-4 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR Cells.

##### UE: {#ue-19 .H6}

\- The UE is equipped with a USIM containing default values and USIM
Configuration 17.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-20 .H6}

\- The UE is in NR RRC Idle mode (state 1N-A) on NR Cell 1 according to
TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-1.

##### 6.1.2.14.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-19 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.14.3.2-1/2 illustrate the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the cell at various time instants
of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause. Configurations marked
\"T0\" is applied for Preamble. Configurations marked \"T1 is applied at
the points indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table
6.1.2.14.3.2-3.

Table 6.1.2.14.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | Parameter | Unit    | NR Cell 1 | NR Cell 3 | Remark    |
+====+===========+=========+===========+===========+===========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -88       | Off       |           |
|    |           |         |           |           |           |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -88       | -80       | The power |
|    |           |         |           |           | level     |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           | values    |
|    |           |         |           |           | are       |
|    |           |         |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |         |           |           | to        |
|    |           |         |           |           | satisfy   |
|    |           |         |           |           | R~N       |
|    |           |         |           |           | RCell\ 1~ |
|    |           |         |           |           | \<        |
|    |           |         |           |           | R~N       |
|    |           |         |           |           | RCell\ 3~ |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | cellRese  | \-      | \-        | Reserved  |           |
|    | rvedForOp |         |           |           |           |
|    | eratorUse |         |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+

Table 6.1.2.14.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | Parameter | Unit    | NR Cell 1 | NR Cell 3 | Remark    |
+====+===========+=========+===========+===========+===========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -91       | Off       |           |
|    |           |         |           |           |           |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -91       | -82       | The power |
|    |           |         |           |           | level     |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           | values    |
|    |           |         |           |           | are       |
|    |           |         |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |         |           |           | to        |
|    |           |         |           |           | satisfy   |
|    |           |         |           |           | R~N       |
|    |           |         |           |           | RCell\ 1~ |
|    |           |         |           |           | \<        |
|    |           |         |           |           | R~N       |
|    |           |         |           |           | RCell\ 3~ |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | cellRese  | \-      | \-        | Reserved  |           |
|    | rvedForOp |         |           |           |           |
|    | eratorUse |         |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+

Table 6.1.2.14.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  St   Procedure                                                                                                                                                        Message Sequence   TP        Verdict   
  ---- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ --------- --------- ----
                                                                                                                                                                        U - S              Message             
  1    The SS adjusts the SS/PBCH EPRE levels according to row \"T1\" in table 6.1.2.14.3.2-1/2.                                                                        \-                 \-        \-        \-
  2    Check: Does the test result of test steps 1 to 5 of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.5.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 3?   \-                 \-        1         P

##### 6.1.2.14.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-18 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.14.3.3-1: *SIB1* for NR Cell 3 (Preamble, Table
6.1.2.14.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                           
  ------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                 Value/Remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                          
  cellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                             
  plmn-IdentityList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF PLMN-Identity {                            
  cellReservedForOperatorUse                                          reserved                 
  }                                                                                            
  }                                                                                            
  }                                                                                            

Table 6.1.2.14.3.3-2: *SERVICE REQUEST* (Preamble, Table 6.1.2.14.3.2-3;
step 4 ,Table 4.5.2.2-4, TS 38.508-1 \[4\])

  ---------------------------------- -------------- ---------------------- -----------
  Derivation Path: Table 4.7.1-16.                                         
  Information Element                Value/remark   Comment                Condition
  Service type                       '0101'B        high priority access   
  ---------------------------------- -------------- ---------------------- -----------

#### 6.1.2.15 Cell reselection in shared network environment

##### 6.1.2.15.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-20 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-48 .H6}

**with** { the UE is in NR RRC\_Idle and registered on the HPLMN }

**ensure that** {

**when** { a cell of a different PLMN but shared with the HPLMN becomes
highest ranked cell }

**then** { the UE reselects the cell shared with the HPLMN }

}

##### 6.1.2.15.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-20 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: 3GPP TS 23.122, clause 4.4.3, and TS 38.304, clause
5.2.4.6. Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.4.3\]

The registration on the selected PLMN and the location registration are
only necessary if the MS is capable of services which require
registration. Otherwise, the PLMN selection procedures are performed
without registration.

The ME shall utilise all the information stored in the SIM related to
the PLMN selection; e.g. \"HPLMN Selector with Access Technology\",
\"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\", \"Forbidden
PLMNs\", \"Equivalent HPLMN\", see 3GPP TS 31.102 \[40\].

The ME shall either utilise the \"Operator controlled PLMN Selector with
Access Technology\" that it has stored locally on the ME, or the
Operator controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" stored in the
SIM, for the purposes of PLMN selection.

The \"HPLMN Selector with Access Technology\", \"User Controlled PLMN
Selector with Access Technology\" and \"Operator Controlled PLMN
Selector with Access Technology\" data files in the SIM include
associated access technologies for each PLMN entry, see
3GPP TS 31.102 \[40\]. The PLMN/access technology combinations are
listed in priority order. If an entry indicates more than one access
technology, then no priority is defined for the access technologies
within this entry and the priority applied to each access technology
within this entry is an implementation issue. If no particular access
technology is indicated in an entry, it shall be assumed that all access
technologies supported by the ME apply to the entry. If an entry only
indicates access technologies not supported by the ME, the entry shall
be ignored. If an entry indicates at least one access technology
supported by the ME, the entry shall be used in the PLMN selection
procedures if the other criteria defined for the specific PLMN selection
procedures are fulfilled.

The Mobile Equipment stores a list of \"equivalent PLMNs\". This list is
replaced or deleted at the end of each location update procedure,
routing area update procedure, GPRS attach procedure, tracking area
update procedure, EPS attach procedure, and registration procedure. The
list is deleted by an MS attached for emergency bearer services after
detach or registered for emergency services after deregistration. The
stored list consists of a list of equivalent PLMNs as downloaded by the
network plus the PLMN code of the registered PLMN that downloaded the
list. All PLMNs in the stored list, in all access technologies supported
by the PLMN, are regarded as equivalent to each other for PLMN
selection, cell selection/re-selection and handover.

When the MS reselects to a cell in a shared network, and the cell is a
suitable cell for multiple PLMN identities received on the BCCH or on
the EC-BCCH the AS indicates these multiple PLMN identities to the NAS
according to 3GPP TS 44.018 \[34\], 3GPP TS 44.060 \[39\],
3GPP TS 25.304 \[32\] and 3GPP TS 36.304 \[43\]. The MS shall choose one
of these PLMNs. If the registered PLMN is available among these PLMNs,
the MS shall not choose a different PLMN.

The MS shall not use the PLMN codes contained in the \"HPLMN Selector
with Access Technology\" data file.

It is possible for the home network operator to identify alternative
Network IDs as the HPLMN. If the EHPLMN list is present, and not empty,
the entries in the EHPLMN list are used in the network selection
procedures. When attempting to select a network the highest priority
EHPLMN that is available shall be selected. If the EHPLMN list is
present and is empty or if the EHPLMN list is not present, the HPLMN
derived from the IMSI is used for network selection procedures.

NOTE 1: The \"HPLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file is only
used by the MS to get the HPLMN access technologies related to the HPLMN
code which corresponds to the PLMN code included in the IMSI if the
EHPLMN list is not present or is empty. If the EHPLMN list is present
then this data field is applicable to all the entries within the EHPLMN
list.

NOTE 2: Different GSM frequency bands (e.g. 900, 1800, 1900, 400) are
all considered GSM access technology. An MS supporting more than one
band should scan all the bands it's supports when scanning for GSM
frequencies. However GSM COMPACT systems which use GSM frequency bands
but with the CBPCCH broadcast channel are considered as a separate
access technology from GSM.

NOTE 3: The inclusion of the HPLMN derived from the IMSI in the EHPLMN
list is allowed. The priority of the HPLMN derived from the IMSI is
given by its position in the EHPLMN list, see 3GPP TS 31.102 \[40\]

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.6\]

The cell-ranking criterion R~s~ for serving cell and R~n~ for
neighbouring cells is defined by:

+-------------------------------------------+
| R~s~ = Q~meas,s~ +Q~hyst~ - Qoffset~temp~ |
|                                           |
| R~n~ = Q~meas,n~ -Qoffset - Qoffset~temp~ |
+-------------------------------------------+

where:

+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Q~meas~       | RSRP measurement quantity used in cell              |
|               | reselections.                                       |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset       | For intra-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~, if     |
|               | Qoffset~s,n~ is valid, otherwise this equals to     |
|               | zero.                                               |
|               |                                                     |
|               | For inter-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~ plus    |
|               | Qoffset~frequency~, if Qoffset~s,n~ is valid,       |
|               | otherwise this equals to Qoffset~frequency~.        |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset~temp~ | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as specified   |
|               | in TS 38.331 \[3\].                                 |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

The UE shall perform ranking of all cells that fulfil the cell selection
criterion S, which is defined in 5.2.3.2.

The cells shall be ranked according to the R criteria specified above by
deriving Q~meas,n~ and Q~meas,s~ and calculating the R values using
averaged RSRP results.

If *rangeToBestCell* is not configured, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell. If this cell is found to be
not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to subclause 5.2.4.4.

If *rangeToBestCell* is configured*,* then the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the cell with the highest number of beams above the
threshold (i.e. *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation*) among the cells whose
R value is within *rangeToBestCell* of the R value of the highest ranked
cell. If there are multiple such cells, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell among them. If this cell is found
to be not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to subclause 5.2.4.4.

In all cases, the UE shall reselect the new cell, only if the following
conditions are met:

\- the new cell is better ranked than the serving cell during a time
interval Treselection~RAT~;

\- more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

##### 6.1.2.15.3 Test description {#test-description-20 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.15.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-20 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-15 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1 (HPLMN)

\- NR Cell 11 (primary PLMN: same MCC like HPLMN but different MNC,
secondary PLMN: HPLMN)

\- System information combination NR-3 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR Cells.

##### UE: {#ue-20 .H6}

\- None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-21 .H6}

\- The UE is in NR RRC Idle mode (state 1N-A) on NR Cell 1 according to
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-1

##### 6.1.2.15.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-20 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.15.3.2-1/2 illustrate the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the cell at various time instants
of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause. Row marked \"T0\"
denotes the conditions after the preamble. Configurations marked \"T1\"
is applied at the points indicated in the Main behaviour description in
Table 6.1.2.15.3.2-3.

Table 6.1.2.15.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|        | **Par    | **Unit** | **NR     | **NR     | **       |
|        | ameter** |          | Cell 1** | Cell     | Remark** |
|        |          |          |          | 11**     |          |
+========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| **T0** | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -88      | Off      |          |
|        |          |          |          |          |          |
|        | SSS EPRE |          |          |          |          |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -88      | -78      | The      |
|        |          |          |          |          | power    |
|        | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | level    |
|        |          |          |          |          | values   |
|        |          |          |          |          | are      |
|        |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|        |          |          |          |          | to       |
|        |          |          |          |          | satisfy  |
|        |          |          |          |          | Sr       |
|        |          |          |          |          | xlev~NRC |
|        |          |          |          |          | ell\ 11~ |
|        |          |          |          |          | \>       |
|        |          |          |          |          | S        |
|        |          |          |          |          | rxlev~NR |
|        |          |          |          |          | Cell\ 1~ |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 6.1.2.15.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|        | **Par    | **Unit** | **NR     | **NR     | **       |
|        | ameter** |          | Cell 1** | Cell     | Remark** |
|        |          |          |          | 11**     |          |
+========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| **T0** | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -91      | Off      |          |
|        |          |          |          |          |          |
|        | SSS EPRE |          |          |          |          |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -91      | -82      | The      |
|        |          |          |          |          | power    |
|        | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | level    |
|        |          |          |          |          | values   |
|        |          |          |          |          | are      |
|        |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|        |          |          |          |          | to       |
|        |          |          |          |          | satisfy  |
|        |          |          |          |          | Sr       |
|        |          |          |          |          | xlev~NRC |
|        |          |          |          |          | ell\ 11~ |
|        |          |          |          |          | \>       |
|        |          |          |          |          | S        |
|        |          |          |          |          | rxlev~NR |
|        |          |          |          |          | Cell\ 1~ |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 6.1.2.15.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+--------+------------+------------+------------+------------+----+
| **St** | **P        | **Message  | **TP**     | *          |    |
|        | rocedure** | Sequence** |            | *Verdict** |    |
+========+============+============+============+============+====+
|        |            | **U - S**  | *          |            |    |
|        |            |            | *Message** |            |    |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+------------+----+
| 1      | SS adjusts | \-         | \-         | \-         | \- |
|        | the        |            |            |            |    |
|        | SS/PBCH    |            |            |            |    |
|        | EPRE level |            |            |            |    |
|        | of NR Cell |            |            |            |    |
|        | 1 and NR   |            |            |            |    |
|        | Cell 11    |            |            |            |    |
|        | according  |            |            |            |    |
|        | to row     |            |            |            |    |
|        | \"T1\" in  |            |            |            |    |
|        | table      |            |            |            |    |
|        | 6.1.2.     |            |            |            |    |
|        | 1.3.2-1/2. |            |            |            |    |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+------------+----+
| 2      | Check:     | \--\>      | NR RRC:    | 1          | P  |
|        | Does the   |            | *RRCSet    |            |    |
|        | UE         |            | upRequest* |            |    |
|        | transmit   |            |            |            |    |
|        | an         |            |            |            |    |
|        | *RRCSet    |            |            |            |    |
|        | upRequest* |            |            |            |    |
|        | message on |            |            |            |    |
|        | NR Cell    |            |            |            |    |
|        | 11?        |            |            |            |    |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+------------+----+
| 3      | The SS     | \<\--      | NR RRC:    | \-         | \- |
|        | transmits  |            | *RRCSetup* |            |    |
|        | an         |            |            |            |    |
|        | *RRCSetup* |            |            |            |    |
|        | message*.* |            |            |            |    |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+------------+----+
| 4      | Check;     | \--\>      | NR RRC:    | 1          | P  |
|        | Does the   |            | *RRCSetu   |            |    |
|        | UE         |            | pComplete* |            |    |
|        | transmit   |            |            |            |    |
|        | an         |            |            |            |    |
|        | *RRCSetu   |            |            |            |    |
|        | pComplete* |            |            |            |    |
|        | message    |            |            |            |    |
|        | indicating |            |            |            |    |
|        | the HPLMN  |            |            |            |    |
|        | (second    |            |            |            |    |
|        | PLMN in    |            |            |            |    |
|        | the list)? |            |            |            |    |
|        |            |            |            |            |    |
|        | Note: this |            |            |            |    |
|        | message    |            |            |            |    |
|        | contains   |            |            |            |    |
|        | an         |            |            |            |    |
|        | RE         |            |            |            |    |
|        | GISTRATION |            |            |            |    |
|        | REQUEST    |            |            |            |    |
|        | message    |            |            |            |    |
|        | indicating |            |            |            |    |
|        | \"mobility |            |            |            |    |
|        | re         |            |            |            |    |
|        | gistration |            |            |            |    |
|        | updating\" |            |            |            |    |
|        | to update  |            |            |            |    |
|        | the        |            |            |            |    |
|        | re         |            |            |            |    |
|        | gistration |            |            |            |    |
|        | of the     |            |            |            |    |
|        | actual     |            |            |            |    |
|        | tracking   |            |            |            |    |
|        | area       |            |            |            |    |
|        | according  |            |            |            |    |
|        | to default |            |            |            |    |
|        | message    |            |            |            |    |
|        | contents.  |            |            |            |    |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+------------+----+
| 5 - 7  | Steps 4 to | \-         | \-         | \-         | \- |
|        | 6 of the   |            |            |            |    |
|        | re         |            |            |            |    |
|        | gistration |            |            |            |    |
|        | procedure  |            |            |            |    |
|        | described  |            |            |            |    |
|        | in TS      |            |            |            |    |
|        | 38.508-1   |            |            |            |    |
|        | \[4\]      |            |            |            |    |
|        | Table      |            |            |            |    |
|        | 4          |            |            |            |    |
|        | .9.5.2.2-1 |            |            |            |    |
|        | are        |            |            |            |    |
|        | performed  |            |            |            |    |
|        | on NR Cell |            |            |            |    |
|        | 11.        |            |            |            |    |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+------------+----+

##### 6.1.2.15.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-19 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.15.3.3-1: *SIB1* for NR Cell 1 (Preamble and all steps,
Table 6.1.2.15.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                                                                                                                       
  ------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------- ---------------
  **Information Element**                                             **Value/remark**                                                                                       **Comment**   **Condition**
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                      
  cellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                         
  plmn-IdentityList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF PLMN-Identity {                                                                                                                        
  plmn-Identity\[1\]                                                  Set to the same Mobile Country Code and Mobile Network Code stored in EF~IMSI~ on the test USIM card                 
  }                                                                                                                                                                                        
  }                                                                                                                                                                                        
  }                                                                                                                                                                                        

Table 6.1.2.15.3.3-2: *SIB1* for NR Cell 11 (Preamble and all steps,
Table 6.1.2.15.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                                                                                                                                                            
  ------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------- ---------------
  **Information Element**                                             **Value/Remark**                                                                                     **Comment**                                          **Condition**
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                                                           
  cellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                                              
  plmn-IdentityList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF PLMN-Identity {                                                                                                                                                             
  plmn-Identity\[1\]                                                  Set to the same Mobile Country Code stored in EFIMSI on the test USIM, MNC=02                        Same MCC like PLMN for NR Cell 1 but different MNC   
  plmn-Identity\[2\]                                                  Set to the same Mobile Country Code and Mobile Network Code stored in EFIMSI on the test USIM card   This is the same PLMN as NR Cell 1                   
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                             

Table 6.1.2.15.3.3-3: *RRCSetupComplete* (step 4, Table 6.1.2.15.3.2-3)

  ---------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-22                                    
  **Information Element**                              **Value/remark**   **Comment**   **Condition**
  RRCSetupComplete::= SEQUENCE {                                                        
  criticalExtensions CHOICE {                                                           
  rrcSetupComplete SEQUENCE {                                                           
  selectedPLMN-Identity                                2                  HPLMN         
  }                                                                                     
  }                                                                                     
  }                                                                                     
  ---------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------

#### 6.1.2.15a Cell reselection in shared network environment / Cells broadcasting multiple PLMN IDs with unique TAC\'s, RAN areas, and cell identities

##### 6.1.2.15a.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#a.1-test-purpose-tp-2 .H6}

Same as TC 6.1.2.15.1

##### 6.1.2.15a.2 Conformance requirements {#a.2-conformance-requirements-2 .H6}

Same as TC 6.1.2.15.2

##### 6.1.2.15a.3 Test description {#a.3-test-description-2 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.15a.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#a.3.1-pre-test-conditions-2 .H6}

Same as TC 6.1.2.15.3.1

##### 6.1.2.15a.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#a.3.2-test-procedure-sequence-2 .H6}

Same as TC 6.1.2.15.3.2

##### 6.1.2.15a.3.3 Specific message contents {#a.3.3-specific-message-contents-2 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.15a.3.3-1: *SIB1* for NR Cell 1 (Preamble and all steps,
Table 6.1.2.15.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                                                                                                                               
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------- ---------------
  **Information Element**                                                     **Value/remark**                                                                                       **Comment**   **Condition**
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                              
  cellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                 
  plmn-IdentityInfoList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF PLMN-IdentityInfo {                                                                                                                        
  PLMN-IdentityInfo\[1\]                                                                                                                                                                           
  plmn-IdentityList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF PLMN-Identity {                                                                                                                                
  PLMN-Identity\[1\]                                                          Set to the same Mobile Country Code and Mobile Network Code stored in EF~IMSI~ on the test USIM card                 
  plmn}                                                                                                                                                                                            
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                

Table 6.1.2.15a.3.3-2: *SIB1* for NR Cell 11 (Preamble and all steps,
Table 6.1.2.15.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                                                                                                                                                                
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------- ---------------
  **Information Element**                                                 **Value/Remark**                                                                                     **Comment**                                          **Condition**
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                                                               
  cellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                                                  
  -IdentityInfoList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF PLMN-IdentityInfo {   2 entries                                                                                                                                                 
  PLMN-IdentityInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                       entry 1                                                                                                                                                   
  plmn-IdentityList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF PLMN-Identity {                                                                                                                                                                 
  PLMN-Identity\[1\]                                                      Set to the same Mobile Country Code stored in EFIMSI on the test USIM, MNC=02                        Same MCC like PLMN for NR Cell 1 but different MNC   
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
  trackingAreaCode                                                        \'00000000 00000000 00000010\'B                                                                                                                           
  ranac                                                                   2                                                                                                                                                         
  cellIdentity                                                            \'00000000 00000000 00000001 10000000 1011\'B                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
  PLMN-IdentityInfo\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                       entry 2                                                                                                                                                   
  plmn-IdentityList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF PLMN-Identity {                                                                                                                                                                 
  PLMN-Identity\[1\]                                                      Set to the same Mobile Country Code and Mobile Network Code stored in EFIMSI on the test USIM card   This is the same PLMN as NR Cell 1                   
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
  trackingAreaCode                                                        \'\'00000000 00000000 00000011\'B                                                                                                                         
  ranac                                                                   1                                                                                                                                                         
  cellIdentity                                                            \'\'00000000 00000000 00000001 01000000 1010\'B                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

Table 6.1.2.15a.3.3-3: *RRCSetupComplete* (step 4, Table 6.1.2.15.3.2-3)

  ---------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-22                                    
  **Information Element**                              **Value/remark**   **Comment**   **Condition**
  RRCSetupComplete::= SEQUENCE {                                                        
  criticalExtensions CHOICE {                                                           
  rrcSetupComplete SEQUENCE {                                                           
  selectedPLMN-Identity                                2                  HPLMN         
  }                                                                                     
  }                                                                                     
  }                                                                                     
  ---------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------

#### 6.1.2.16 Inter-frequency cell reselection (equal priority)

##### 6.1.2.16.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-21 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-49 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE detects both intra-frequency and equal priority
inter-frequency neighbour cells and the inter-frequency cell is the
highest ranked cell }

**then** { UE reselects the inter-frequency cell }

}

##### 6.1.2.16.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-21 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: 3GPP TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.6. Unless otherwise stated
these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.6\]

The cell-ranking criterion R~s~ for serving cell and R~n~ for
neighbouring cells is defined by:

+-------------------------------------------+
| R~s~ = Q~meas,s~ +Q~hyst~ - Qoffset~temp~ |
|                                           |
| R~n~ = Q~meas,n~ -Qoffset - Qoffset~temp~ |
+-------------------------------------------+

where:

+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Q~meas~       | RSRP measurement quantity used in cell              |
|               | reselections.                                       |
+===============+=====================================================+
| Qoffset       | For intra-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~, if     |
|               | Qoffset~s,n~ is valid, otherwise this equals to     |
|               | zero.                                               |
|               |                                                     |
|               | For inter-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~ plus    |
|               | Qoffset~frequency~, if Qoffset~s,n~ is valid,       |
|               | otherwise this equals to Qoffset~frequency~.        |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset~temp~ | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as specified   |
|               | in TS 38.331 \[3\].                                 |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

The UE shall perform ranking of all cells that fulfil the cell selection
criterion S, which is defined in 5.2.3.2.

The cells shall be ranked according to the R criteria specified above by
deriving Q~meas,n~ and Q~meas,s~ and calculating the R values using
averaged RSRP results.

If *rangeToBestCell* is not configured, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell. If this cell is found to be
not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to subclause 5.2.4.4.

If *rangeToBestCell* is configured*,* then the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the cell with the highest number of beams above the
threshold (i.e. *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation*) among the cells whose
R value is within *rangeToBestCell* of the R value of the highest ranked
cell. If there are multiple such cells, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell among them. If this cell is found
to be not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to subclause 5.2.4.4.

In all cases, the UE shall reselect the new cell, only if the following
conditions are met:

\- the new cell is better ranked than the serving cell during a time
interval Treselection~RAT~;

\- more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

##### 6.1.2.16.3 Test description {#test-description-21 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.16.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-21 .H6}

System Simulator:

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 3 have different tracking areas.

\- System information combination NR-5 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR Cells.

##### UE: {#ue-21 .H6}

None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-22 .H6}

\- The UE is in NR RRC Idle mode (state 1N-A) on NR Cell 1(according to
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-1.

##### 6.1.2.16.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-21 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.16.3.2-1/2 illustrate the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the cell at various time instants
of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause. Row marked \"T0\"
denotes the conditions after the preamble. Configurations marked \"T1\",
\"T2\" and \"T3\" are applied at the points indicated in the Main
behaviour description in Table 6.1.2.16.3.2-3.

Table 6.1.2.16.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|    | rameter |         | 1       | 2       | 3       |         |
+====+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | -94     | -78     | The     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | are set |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | so that |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | R~NRC   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 2~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \<      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | R~NRC   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \< R    |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ~NRCe   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 3~. |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.1.2.16.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+--------+
|    | Parameter | Unit    | NR Cell 1 | NR Cell 2 | NR Cell 3 | Remark |
+====+===========+=========+===========+===========+===========+========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -91       | -100      | -82       |        |
|    |           |         |           |           |           |        |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           |           |        |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+--------+

Table 6.1.2.16.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  St   Procedure                                                                                                                                   Message Sequence   TP        Verdict   
  ---- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ --------- --------- ----
                                                                                                                                                   U - S              Message             
  1    The SS adjusts the SS/PBCH EPRE levels according to row \"T0\" in table 6.1.2.16.3.2-1/2.                                                   \-                 \-        \-        \-
  2    Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.5.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 3?   \-                 *-*       1         \-

##### 6.1.2.16.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-20 .H6}

None.

#### 6.1.2.17 Cell reselection / Cell-specific reselection parameters provided by the network in a neighbouring cell list

##### 6.1.2.17.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-22 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-50 .H6}

**with** { the UE is in NR RRC\_IDLE and SIB3 contain a cell-specific
Qoffset for a neighbour intra frequency cell }

**ensure that** {

**when** { the neighbour cell has lower power than the serving cell but
it is higher ranked due to the cell-specific Qoffset }

**then** { the UE reselects the neighbour cell with cell-specific
Qoffset }

}

##### (2) {#section-51 .H6}

**with** { the UE is in RRC\_IDLE and SIB3 contain a exclude-listed cell
}

**ensure that** {

**when** { a exclude-listed intra-freq cell becomes higher ranked than
the serving cell }

**then** { the UE remains camped on the serving cell }

}

##### 6.1.2.17.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-22 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: 3GPP TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.6. Unless otherwise stated
these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.6\]

The cell-ranking criterion R~s~ for serving cell and R~n~ for
neighbouring cells is defined by:

+-------------------------------------------+
| R~s~ = Q~meas,s~ +Q~hyst~ - Qoffset~temp~ |
|                                           |
| R~n~ = Q~meas,n~ -Qoffset - Qoffset~temp~ |
+-------------------------------------------+

where:

+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Q~meas~       | RSRP measurement quantity used in cell              |
|               | reselections.                                       |
+===============+=====================================================+
| Qoffset       | For intra-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~, if     |
|               | Qoffset~s,n~ is valid, otherwise this equals to     |
|               | zero.                                               |
|               |                                                     |
|               | For inter-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~ plus    |
|               | Qoffset~frequency~, if Qoffset~s,n~ is valid,       |
|               | otherwise this equals to Qoffset~frequency~.        |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset~temp~ | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as specified   |
|               | in TS 38.331 \[3\].                                 |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

The UE shall perform ranking of all cells that fulfil the cell selection
criterion S, which is defined in 5.2.3.2.

The cells shall be ranked according to the R criteria specified above by
deriving Q~meas,n~ and Q~meas,s~ and calculating the R values using
averaged RSRP results.

If *rangeToBestCell* is not configured, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell. If this cell is found to be
not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to subclause 5.2.4.4.

If *rangeToBestCell* is configured*,* then the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the cell with the highest number of beams above the
threshold (i.e. *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation*) among the cells whose
R value is within *rangeToBestCell* of the R value of the highest ranked
cell. If there are multiple such cells, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell among them. If this cell is found
to be not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to subclause 5.2.4.4.

In all cases, the UE shall reselect the new cell, only if the following
conditions are met:

\- the new cell is better ranked than the serving cell during a time
interval Treselection~RAT~;

\- more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

##### 6.1.2.17.3 Test description {#test-description-22 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.17.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-22 .H6}

System Simulator:

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 4 in different tracking areas.

\- System information combination NR-3 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR Cells.

\- NR Cell 1 is transmitting *SIB3* according to specific message
contents (Qoffset~1,2~ is -24dB).

\- NR Cell 2 is transmitting *SIB3* according to specific message
contents (NR Cell 4 is an exclude-listed cell)

##### UE: {#ue-22 .H6}

None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-23 .H6}

\- The UE is in NR RRC Idle mode (state 1N-A) on NR Cell 1 according to
TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-1.

##### 6.1.2.17.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-22 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.17.3.2-1/2 illustrate the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the cell at various time instants
of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause. Row marked \"T0\"
denotes the conditions after the preamble. Configurations marked \"T1\",
\"T2\" and \"T3\" are applied at the points indicated in the Main
behaviour description in Table 6.1.2.17.3.2-3.

Table 6.1.2.17.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|    | rameter |         | 1       | 2       | 4       |         |
+====+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | Off     | Off     | Only NR |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1  |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | is on   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | -94     | Off     | NR Cell |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 2 has   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | lower   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | but is  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | higher  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | due to  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | cell-s  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | pecific |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Qoffs   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | et~1,2~ |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | Off     | -94     | Off     |         |
|    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T3 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | Off     | -94     | -88     | NR Cell |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 4 has   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | higher  |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | than NR |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 2  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | but is  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | exclude |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | -listed |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.1.2.17.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|    | rameter |         | 1       | 2       | 4       |         |
+====+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -82     | Off     | Off     | Only NR |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1  |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | is on   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -82     | -91     | Off     | NR Cell |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 2 has   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | lower   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | but is  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | higher  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | due to  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | cell-s  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | pecific |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Qoffs   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | et~1,2~ |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | Off     | -91     | Off     |         |
|    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T3 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | Off     | -91     | -82     | NR Cell |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 4 has   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | higher  |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | than NR |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 2  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | but is  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | exclude |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | -listed |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.1.2.17.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  St    Procedure                                                                                                                                                        Message Sequence   TP                     Verdict   
  ----- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ---------------------- --------- ----
                                                                                                                                                                         U - S              Message                          
  1     The SS adjusts the SS/PBCH EPRE levels according to row \"T1\" in table 6.1.2.17.3.2-1/2.                                                                        \-                 \-                     \-        \-
  2-6   Check: Does the test result of test steps 1 to 5 of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.5.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 2?   \-                 *-*                    1         P
  7     The SS re-adjusts the SS/PBCH EPRE levels according to row \"T2\" in table 6.1.2.17.3.2-1/2.                                                                     \-                 \-                     \-        \-
  8     Wait for 1 second to allow UE to recognise the change.                                                                                                           \-                 \-                     \-        \-
  9     The SS transmits an *RRCRelease* message to release RRC connection and move to RRC\_IDLE.                                                                        \<\--              NR RRC: *RRCRelease*   \-        \-
  10    The SS re-adjusts the SS/PBCH EPRE levels according to row \"T3\" in table 6.1.2.17.3.2-1/2.                                                                     \-                 \-                     \-        \-
  11    Check: Does the UE initiate a random access procedure on NR Cell 4 within the next 120s?                                                                         \-                 \-                     2         F

##### 6.1.2.17.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-21 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.17.3.3-1: *SIB3* for NR Cell 1 (all steps, Table
6.1.2.17.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-2                                                                                     
  --------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/Remark                                                            Comment   Condition
  SIB3 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                   
  intraFreqNeighCellList SEQUENCE {                                                                                                     
  physCellId                                          The cell identity of NR Cell 2 defined in 38.508-1 \[4\] clause 4.4.2             
  q-OffsetCell                                        dB-24                                                                             
  }                                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                                     

Table 6.1.2.17.3.3-2: *SIB3* for NR Cell 2 (all steps, Table
6.1.2.17.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-2                                           
  --------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/Remark                  Comment   Condition
  SIB3 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                         
  intraFreqExcludedCellList SEQUENCE {                1 entry                                 
  start                                               PhysicalCellID of NR Cell 4             
  range                                               Not present                             
  }                                                                                           
  }                                                                                           

#### 6.1.2.18 Cell reselection, Sintrasearch, Snonintrasearch

##### 6.1.2.18.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-23 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-52 .H6}

**with { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state, and the UE is not in high mobility
state }**

**ensure that {**

**when { Sintrasearch is non-zero in system information }**

**then { UE performs measurement and reselects the highest ranked cell
upon Srxlev \< Sintrasearch }**

**}**

##### (2) {#section-53 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state, and the UE is not in high mobility
state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { S~nonintrasearch~ is non-zero in system information }

**then** { UE perform measurement and reselects the cell which belong to
the equal priority frequency cell upon Srxlev \< S~nonintrasearch~ }

}

##### (3) {#section-54 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state, and the UE is not in high mobility
state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { S~nonintrasearch~ is non-zero in system information }

**then** { UE perform measurement and reselects the cell which belong to
the high priority frequency cell upon Srxlev \> S~nonintrasearch~ }

}

##### 6.1.2.18.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-23 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 38.304, clauses 5.2.4.1, 5.2.4.5 and 5.2.4.6.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.1\]

Absolute priorities of different NR frequencies or inter-RAT frequencies
may be provided to the UE in the system information, in the RRCRelease
message, or by inheriting from another RAT at inter-RAT cell
(re)selection. In the case of system information, an NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency may be listed without providing a priority (i.e. the
field cellReselectionPriority is absent for that frequency). If
priorities are provided in dedicated signalling, the UE shall ignore all
the priorities provided in system information. If UE is in camped on any
cell state, UE shall only apply the priorities provided by system
information from current cell, and the UE preserves priorities provided
by dedicated signalling and deprioritisationReq received in RRCRelease
unless specified otherwise. When the UE in camped normally state, has
only dedicated priorities other than for the current frequency, the UE
shall consider the current frequency to be the lowest priority frequency
(i.e. lower than any of the network configured values).

The UE shall only perform cell reselection evaluation for NR frequencies
and inter-RAT frequencies that are given in system information and for
which the UE has a priority provided.

In case UE receives *RRCRelease* with *deprioritisationReq*, UE shall
consider current frequency and stored frequencies due to the previously
received *RRCRelease* with *deprioritisationReq* or all the frequencies
of NR to be the lowest priority frequency (i.e. lower than any of the
network configured values) while T325 is running irrespective of camped
RAT. The UE shall delete the stored deprioritisation request(s) when a
PLMN selection is performed on request by NAS (TS 23.122 \[9\]).

NOTE: UE should search for a higher priority layer for cell reselection
as soon as possible after the change of priority. The minimum related
performance requirements specified in TS 38.133 \[8\] are still
applicable.

The UE shall delete priorities provided by dedicated signalling when:

\- the UE enters a different RRC state; or

\- the optional validity time of dedicated priorities (T320) expires; or

\- a PLMN selection is performed on request by NAS (TS 23.122 \[9\]).

NOTE 2: Equal priorities between RATs are not supported.

The UE shall not consider any exclude-listed cells as candidate for cell
reselection.

The UE shall inherit the priorities provided by dedicated signalling and
the remaining validity time (i.e. T320 in NR and E-UTRA), if configured,
at inter-RAT cell (re)selection.

NOTE 3: The network may assign dedicated cell reselection priorities for
frequencies not configured by system information.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.5\]

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is broadcast in system information and more
than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving
cell, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority NR or EUTRAN RAT/frequency fulfils Squal
\> ThreshX, HighQ during a time interval TreselectionRAT

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority NR frequency
or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \> ThreshX,
HighP during a time interval TreselectionRAT; and

\- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

Cell reselection to a cell on an equal priority NR frequency shall be
based on ranking for intra-frequency cell reselection as defined in
clause 5.2.4.6.

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is broadcast in system information and more
than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving
cell, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Squal \< ThreshServing, LowQ and a cell of a
lower priority NR or E-UTRAN RAT/ frequency fulfils Squal \> ThreshX,
LowQ during a time interval TreselectionRAT.

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority NR frequency
or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Srxlev \< ThreshServing, LowP and a cell of
a lower priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \> ThreshX, LowP during a
time interval TreselectionRAT; and

\- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

Cell reselection to a higher priority RAT/frequency shall take
precedence over a lower priority RAT/frequency if multiple cells of
different priorities fulfil the cell reselection criteria.

If more than one cell meets the above criteria, the UE shall reselect a
cell as follows:

\- If the highest-priority frequency is an NR frequency, the highest
ranked cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies)
meeting the criteria according to clause 5.2.4.6;

\- If the highest-priority frequency is from another RAT, the strongest
cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies) meeting the
criteria of that RAT.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.6\]

The cell-ranking criterion R~s~ for serving cell and R~n~ for
neighbouring cells is defined by:

+-------------------------------------+
| Rs = Qmeas,s +Qhyst - Qoffsettemp   |
|                                     |
| Rn = Qmeas,n -Qoffset - Qoffsettemp |
+-------------------------------------+

where:

+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Q~meas~       | RSRP measurement quantity used in cell              |
|               | reselections.                                       |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset       | For intra-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~, if     |
|               | Qoffset~s,n~ is valid, otherwise this equals to     |
|               | zero.                                               |
|               |                                                     |
|               | For inter-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~ plus    |
|               | Qoffset~frequency~, if Qoffset~s,n~ is valid,       |
|               | otherwise this equals to Qoffset~frequency~.        |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset~temp~ | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as specified   |
|               | in TS 38.331 \[3\].                                 |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

The UE shall perform ranking of all cells that fulfil the cell selection
criterion S, which is defined in 5.2.3.2.

The cells shall be ranked according to the R criteria specified above by
deriving Q~meas,n~ and Q~meas,s~ and calculating the R values using
averaged RSRP results.

If *rangeToBestCell* is not configured, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell. If this cell is found to be
not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to clause 5.2.4.4.

If *rangeToBestCell* is configured*,* then the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the cell with the highest number of beams above the
threshold (i.e. *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation*) among the cells whose
R value is within *rangeToBestCell* of the R value of the highest ranked
cell. If there are multiple such cells, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell among them. If this cell is found
to be not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to clause 5.2.4.4.

In all cases, the UE shall reselect the new cell, only if the following
conditions are met:

\- the new cell is better than the serving cell according to the cell
reselection criteria specified above during a time interval
TreselectionRAT;

\- more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

NOTE: If rangeToBestCell is configured but
absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation is not configured on an NR frequency,
the UE considers that there is one beam above the threshold for each
cell on that frequency.

##### 6.1.2.18.3 Test description {#test-description-23 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.18.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-23 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-16 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 3 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
Table 4.4.2-2 is used.

\- NR Cell 1 uses System information combination NR-3 as defined in TS
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.3.1.2-1 is used in NR cells.

\- NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 3 uses System information combination NR-4 as
defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.3.1.2-1 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-23 .H6}

\- None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-24 .H6}

\- The UE is in state 1N-A on NR Cell 1(serving cell) according to TS
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-1.

##### 6.1.2.18.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-23 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.18.3.2-1/2 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the NR cells at various time
instants of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values
shall be applied are described in the texts in this clause.
Configurations marked \"T1\", \"T2\" and \"T3\" are applied at the
points indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table
6.1.2.13.3.2-2.

Table 6.1.2.18.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|         | rameter |         | 1       | 2       | 3       |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| **T0**  | SS/PBCH | **dB    | **-88** | **Off** | **Off** | The     |
|         |         | m/SCS** |         |         |         | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ensure  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | the UE  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | reg     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | istered |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | on NR   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T1**  | SS/PBCH | **dB    | *       | **-94** | *       | Srxlev  |
|         |         | m/SCS** | *-102** |         | *-118** | of NR   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | Cell 1  |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is less |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | than    |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Sintra  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | search. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | S~Intra | **dB**  | **20**  | **20**  | **20**  |         |
|         | Search~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Srxlev  | **dB**  | **8**   | **16**  | **-8**  |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T2**  | SS/PBCH | **dB    | *       | *       | **-94** | Srxlev  |
|         |         | m/SCS** | *-118** | *-102** |         | of NR   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | Cell 2  |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is less |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | than    |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Sn      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | onintra |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | search. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | S~n     | **dB**  | **20**  | **20**  | **20**  |         |
|         | onIntra |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | Search~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Srxlev  | **dB**  | **-8**  | **8**   | **16**  |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T3**  | S~n     | **dB**  | **20**  | **20**  | **2**   |         |
|         | onIntra |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | Search~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T4**  | SS/PBCH | **dB    | **-88** | *       | **-88** | Srxlev  |
|         |         | m/SCS** |         | *-118** |         | of NR   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | Cell 3  |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | greater |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | than    |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | S       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | nonintr |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | asearch |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | but     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | is high |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | p       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | riority |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | cell.   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Srxlev  | **dB**  | **22**  | **22**  | **22**  |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Note:   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| level   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| "Off"   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| defined |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 3       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 8.508-1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[4\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 6.2     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .2.1-3. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.1.2.18.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|         | rameter |         | 1       | 2       | 3       |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| **T0**  | SS/PBCH | **dB    | **-82** | **Off** | **Off** | The     |
|         |         | m/SCS** |         |         |         | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ensure  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | the UE  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | reg     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | istered |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | on NR   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T1**  | SS/PBCH | **dB    | *       | **-91** | *       | Srxlev  |
|         |         | m/SCS** | *-100** |         | *-100** | of NR   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | Cell 1  |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is less |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | than    |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Sintra  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | search. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | SIntr   | **dB**  | **20**  | **20**  | **20**  |         |
|         | aSearch |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Srxlev  | **dB**  | **10**  | **9**   | **10**  |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T2**  | SS/PBCH | **dB    | *       | *       | **-91** | Srxlev  |
|         |         | m/SCS** | *-110** | *-100** |         | of NR   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | Cell 2  |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is less |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | than    |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Sn      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | onintra |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | search. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | S       | **dB**  | **20**  | **20**  | **20**  |         |
|         | nonIntr |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | aSearch |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Srxlev  | **dB**  | **0**   | **10**  | **19**  |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T3**  | S       | **dB**  | **20**  | **20**  | **2**   |         |
|         | nonIntr |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | aSearch |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T4**  | SS/PBCH | **dB    | **-82** | *       | **-82** | Srxlev  |
|         |         | m/SCS** |         | *-100** |         | of NR   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | Cell 3  |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | greater |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | than    |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | S       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | nonintr |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | asearch |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | but     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | is high |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | p       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | riority |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | cell.   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Srxlev  | **dB**  | **28**  | **10**  | **28**  |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Note:   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| d       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ownlink |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| signal  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| level   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| unce    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rtainty |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sp      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ecified |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 3       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 8.508-1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[4\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| clause  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 6       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .2.2.1. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.1.2.18.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  St                                                                                                                                                                         Procedure                                                                                                                                                                              Message Sequence   TP               Verdict   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ---------------- --------- ----
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    U - S              Message                    
  1                                                                                                                                                                          The SS re-adjusts the SS/PBCH EPRE levels according to row \"T1\" in table 6.1.2.18.3.2-1/2.                                                                                           \-                 \-               \-        \-
  2                                                                                                                                                                          Wait for 34\[FR1\]/130\[FR2\] seconds to allow UE to recognise the change. \[Note\]                                                                                                    \-                 \-               \-        \-
  3                                                                                                                                                                          Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.4.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 2?                                              \-                 \-               1         \-
  4                                                                                                                                                                          The SS re-adjusts the SSS levels according to row \"T2\" in table 6.1.2.18.3.2-1/2.                                                                                                    \-                 \-               \-        \-
  5                                                                                                                                                                          Wait for 34\[FR1\]/130\[FR2\] seconds to allow UE to recognise the change. \[Note\]                                                                                                    \-                 \-               \-        \-
  6                                                                                                                                                                          Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.4.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 3?                                              \-                 \-               2         \-
  6A                                                                                                                                                                         The SS changes the SnonIntraSearch for NR Cell 3 according to row \"T3\" in table 6.1.2.18.3.2-1/2, The ValueTag of SIB2 in the SI-SchedulingInfo of SIB1 is increased on NR Cell 3.   \-                 \-               \-        \-
  7                                                                                                                                                                          The SS notifies the UE of change of System Information on NR Cell 3 by sending Short Message on PDCCH using P-RNTI.                                                                    \<\--              NR RRC: Paging   \-        \-
  8                                                                                                                                                                          Void                                                                                                                                                                                   \-                 \-               \-        \-
  9                                                                                                                                                                          Wait for 2.1\* modification period to allow the new system information to take effect.                                                                                                 \-                 \-               \-        
  10                                                                                                                                                                         The SS re-adjusts the SSS levels according to row \"T4\" in table 6.1.2.18.3.2-1/2.                                                                                                    \-                 \-               \-        \-
  11                                                                                                                                                                         Wait for 120 seconds to allow UE to recognise the change.                                                                                                                              \-                 \-               \-        \-
  12                                                                                                                                                                         Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.4.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 1?                                              \-                 \-               3         \-
  Note: The wait time at steps 2 and 5 is K~carrier~\*T~detect,NR\_Inter~ (as per TS 38.133 \[30\], clause 4.2.2.4) plus the time to read the system information T~SI-NR~.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

##### 6.1.2.18.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-22 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.18.3.3-1: Conditions for specific message contents in Tables
below

  Condition   Explanation
  ----------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
  NR Cell 1   This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 1.
  NR Cell 2   This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 2.
  NR Cell 3   This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 3.

Table 6.1.2.18.3.3-2: SIB2 of NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 3
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.1.2.18.3.2-3)

  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- ----------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                            
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB2 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {                                    
  s-NonIntraSearch                                    10             20 dB     
  cellReselectionPriority                             5                        NR Cell 1
                                                      1                        NR Cell 2 and Cell 3
  }                                                                            
  intraFreqCellReselectionInfo SEQUENCE {                                      
  s-IntraSearchP                                      10             20 dB     
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- ----------------------

Table 6.1.2.18.3.3-3: SIB4 of NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 3 (preamble and all
steps, Table 6.1.2.18.3.2-3)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                           
  Information Element                                                                   Value/remark                                Comment   Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                         
  interFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo {   1 entry                                               
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                          entry 1   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 3             NR Cell 2
                                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 1             NR Cell 3
  t-ReselectionNR                                                                       1                                                     
  threshX-HighP                                                                         7                                           14 dBm    NR Cell 3
  cellReselectionPriority                                                               5                                                     NR Cell 3
                                                                                        1                                                     NR Cell 2
  }                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                           
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.1.2.18.3.3-4: *SIB1 of NR Cell 3 (step 6A, Table*
6.1.2.18.3.2-3*)*

  ---------------------------------------------------- ------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                 
  Information Element                                  Value/remark        Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                
  si-SchedulingInfo                                    SI-SchedulingInfo             
  }                                                                                  
  ---------------------------------------------------- ------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.1.2.18.3.3-5: SI-SchedulingInfo (si-SchedulingInfo in Table
6.1.2.18.3.3-4)

  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.3-173                                                 
  Information Element                                                        Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SI-SchedulingInfo ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                    
  schedulingInfoList SEQUENCE (SIZE(1..maxSI-Message)) OF SchedulingInfo {   1 entry                  
  SchedulingInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                            entry 1   
  sib-MappingInfo SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSIB)) OF SIB-TypeInfo {              1 entry                  
  SIB-TypeInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                              entry 1   
  type                                                                       sibType2                 
  valueTag                                                                   1                        
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.1.2.18.3.3-6: *SIB2 of NR Cell 3 (step 6A, Table*
6.1.2.18.3.2-3*)*

  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                            
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB2 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {                                    
  s-NonIntraSearchP                                   1              20 dB     
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

#### 6.1.2.18a Void

#### 6.1.2.18b Void

#### 6.1.2.19 Speed-dependent cell reselection

##### 6.1.2.19.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-24 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-55 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state and in high mobility state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell ranked as the best cell taking into
account scaling factor }

**then** { UE reselects the new cell }

}

##### (2) {#section-56 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state and in medium mobility state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell ranked as the best cell taking into
account scaling factor }

**then** { UE reselects the new cell }

}

##### 6.1.2.19.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-24 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present test
case are specified in: TS 38.304, clauses 5.2.4.3.0 and 5.2.4.3.1. TS
38.133, clause 4.2.2.3. Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-15
requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.3.0\]

The UE mobility state is determined if the parameters (TCRmax, NCR\_H,
NCR\_M and TCRmaxHyst) are broadcasted in system information for the
serving cell.

**State detection criteria:**

...

Medium-mobility state criteria:

\- If number of cell reselections during time period T~CRmax~ is greater
than or equal to N~CR\_M~ but less than or equal to N~CR\_H~.

High-mobility state criteria:

\- If number of cell reselections during time period T~CRmax~ is greater
than N~CR\_H~.

The UE shall not consider consecutive reselections where a cell is
reselected again right after one reselection for mobility state
detection criteria.

**State transitions:**

The UE shall:

\- if the criteria for High-mobility state is detected:

\- enter High-mobility state.

\- else if the criteria for Medium-mobility state is detected:

\- enter Medium-mobility state.

...

If the UE is in High- or Medium-mobility state, the UE shall apply the
speed dependent scaling rules as defined in subclause 5.2.4.3.1.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.3.1\]

UE shall apply the following scaling rules:

\- If neither Medium- nor High-mobility state is detected:

\- no scaling is applied.

\- If High-mobility state is detected:

\- Add the *sf-High* of \"Speed dependent ScalingFactor for Q~hyst~\" to
Q~hyst~ if broadcasted in system information;

\- For NR cells, multiply **Treselection~NR~** by the *sf-High* of
\"Speed dependent ScalingFactor for Treselection~NR~\" if broadcasted in
system information;

...

\- If Medium-mobility state is detected:

\- Add the *sf-Medium* of \"Speed dependent ScalingFactor for Q~hyst~\"
to Q~hyst~ if broadcasted in system information;

\- For NR cells, multiply **Treselection~NR~** by the *sf-Medium* of
\"Speed dependent ScalingFactor for Treselection~NR~\" if broadcasted in
system information;

...

In case scaling is applied to any **Treselection~RAT~** parameter, the
UE shall round up the result after all scalings to the nearest second.

\[TS 38.133, clause 4.2.2.3\]

The UE shall be able to identify new intra-frequency cells and perform
SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ measurements of the identified intra-frequency cells
without an explicit intra-frequency neighbour list containing physical
layer cell identities.

The UE shall be able to evaluate whether a newly detectable
intra-frequency cell meets the reselection criteria defined in TS38.304
within T~detect,NR\_Intra~ when that Treselection= 0 . An intra
frequency cell is considered to be detectable according to the
conditions defined in Annex B.1.2 for a corresponding Band.

The UE shall measure SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ at least every
T~measure,NR\_Intra~ (see table 4.2.2.3-1) for intra-frequency cells
that are identified and measured according to the measurement rules.

The UE shall filter SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ measurements of each measured
intra-frequency cell using at least 2 measurements. Within the set of
measurements used for the filtering, at least two measurements shall be
spaced by at least T~measure,NR\_Intra~/2.

The UE shall not consider a NR neighbour cell in cell reselection, if it
is indicated as not allowed in the measurement control system
information of the serving cell.

For an intra-frequency cell that has been already detected, but that has
not been reselected to, the filtering shall be such that the UE shall be
capable of evaluating that the intra-frequency cell has met reselection
criterion defined \[1\] within T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ when T~reselection~
= 0 as specified in table 4.2.2.3-1 provided that:

\- when *rangeToBestCell* is not configured, the cell has at least
\[3\]dB in FR1 or \[TBD\]dB in FR2 better ranked or

\- when *rangeToBestCell* is configured, the cell which has the highest
number of beams above the threshold *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation*
among the cells whose cell-ranking criterion R value as specified in TS
38.304 \[1, Section 5.2.4.6\] is within *rangeToBestCell* of the R value
of the best cell where the best cell has at least \[TBD\] in FR1 or
\[TBD\]dB in FR2 better ranked, and if there are multiple such cells the
UE shall perform cell reselection to the highest ranked cell among them.

When evaluating cells for reselection, the SSB side conditions apply to
both serving and non-serving intra-frequency cells.

If T~reselection~ timer has a non-zero value and the intra-frequency
cell is satisfied with the reselection criteria which are defined in
TS38.304 \[1\], the UE shall evaluate this intra-frequency cell for the
T~reselection~ time. If this cell remains satisfied with the reselection
criteria within this duration, then the UE shall reselect that cell.

Table 4.2.2.3-1: T~detect,NR\_Intra,~ T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| **DRX    | *        | **T~d    | **T~me   | *        |          |
| cycle    | *Scaling | etect,NR | asure,NR | *T~evalu |          |
| length   | Factor   | \_Intra~ | \_Intra~ | ate,NR\_ |          |
| \[s\]**  | (N1)**   | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | Intra~** |          |
|          |          | (number  | (number  |          |          |
|          |          | of DRX   | of DRX   | **\[s\]  |          |
|          |          | c        | c        | (number  |          |
|          |          | ycles)** | ycles)** | of DRX   |          |
|          |          |          |          | c        |          |
|          |          |          |          | ycles)** |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          | **FR1**  | **FR2^   |          |          |          |
|          |          | Note1^** |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 0.32     | 1        | \[8\]    | 11.52 x  | 1.28 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 x M2  | N1 x M2  | N1 x M2  |
|          |          |          | (36 x N1 | (4 x N1  | (16 x N1 |
|          |          |          | x M2)    | x M2)    | x M2)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 0.64     |          | \[5\]    | 17.92 x  | 1.28 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 (28 x | N1 (2 x  | N1 (8 x  |
|          |          |          | N1)      | N1)      | N1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 1.28     |          | \[4\]    | 32 x N1  | 1.28 x   | 6.4 x N1 |
|          |          |          | (25 x    | N1 (1 x  | (5 x N1) |
|          |          |          | N1)      | N1)      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 2.56     |          | \[TBD\]  | 58.88 x  | 2.56 x   | 7.68 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 (23 x | N1 (1 x  | N1 (3 x  |
|          |          |          | N1)      | N1)      | N1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Applies  |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| su       |          |          |          |          |          |
| pporting |          |          |          |          |          |
| power    |          |          |          |          |          |
| class    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 2&3&4.   |          |          |          |          |          |
| For UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| su       |          |          |          |          |          |
| pporting |          |          |          |          |          |
| power    |          |          |          |          |          |
| class 1, |          |          |          |          |          |
| N1 =     |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[8\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| for all  |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| length.  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| Note 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2 = 1.5 |          |          |          |          |          |
| if SMTC  |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| measured |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell \>  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 20 ms;   |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2=1.    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

##### 6.1.2.19.3 Test Description {#test-description-24 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.19.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-24 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-17 .H6}

\- 3 NR Cells: NR Cell 1, 2 and 4 as specified in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
table 4.4.2-3.

\- System information combination NR-2 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR cell.

##### UE: {#ue-24 .H6}

\- None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-25 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1 is set to \"Serving Cell\" and NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 4 are
set to non-suitable \"Off\" as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] table
6.2.2.1-3 for FR1 and table 6.2.2.2.2-2 for FR2.

\- The UE is in NR RRC\_IDLE state (state 1N-A with PDU session
inactive) as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], table 4.4A.2-1 on NR Cell 1.

##### 6.1.2.19.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-24 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.19.3.2-1 and Table 6.1.2.19.3.2-2 illustrates the downlink
power levels and other changing parameters to be applied for the cells
at various time instants of the test execution. The exact instants on
which these values shall be applied are described in the texts in this
clause.

Table 6.1.2.19.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|    | rameter |         | 1       | 2       | 4       |         |
+====+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T1 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -94     | -88     | -94     | NR Cell |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 2       |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | becomes |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | the     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | cell.   |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -94     | -94     | -88     | NR Cell |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 4       |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | becomes |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | the     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | cell.   |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T3 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | -94     | -94     | NR Cell |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 1       |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | becomes |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | the     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | cell.   |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.1.2.19.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|    | rameter |         | 1       | 2       | 4       |         |
+====+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T1 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | -82     | -91     | NR Cell |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 2       |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | becomes |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | the     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | cell.   |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | -91     | -82     | NR Cell |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 4       |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | becomes |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | the     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | cell.   |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T3 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -82     | -91     | -91     | NR Cell |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 1       |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | becomes |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | the     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | cell.   |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.1.2.19.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| St        | Procedure | Message   | TP        | Verdict |    |
|           |           | Sequence  |           |         |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+=========+====+
|           |           | U - S     | Message   |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1         | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | changes   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the power |           |           |         |    |
|           | level     |           |           |         |    |
|           | setting   |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | row       |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"T1\".   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 2         | Wait for  | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | 40s for   |           |           |         |    |
|           | FR1 or    |           |           |         |    |
|           | 136s for  |           |           |         |    |
|           | FR2 for   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the UE to |           |           |         |    |
|           | perform   |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |         |    |
|           | re        |           |           |         |    |
|           | selection |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | rocedure. |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1,  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Note 5)   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 3         | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | changes   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the power |           |           |         |    |
|           | level     |           |           |         |    |
|           | setting   |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | row       |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"T2\".   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 4         | Wait for  | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | 14s for   |           |           |         |    |
|           | FR1 or    |           |           |         |    |
|           | 33s for   |           |           |         |    |
|           | FR2 for   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the UE to |           |           |         |    |
|           | perform   |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |         |    |
|           | re        |           |           |         |    |
|           | selection |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | rocedure. |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 2,  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Note 6)   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 5         | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | changes   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the power |           |           |         |    |
|           | level     |           |           |         |    |
|           | setting   |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | row       |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"T3\".   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 6         | Wait for  | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | 14s for   |           |           |         |    |
|           | FR1 or    |           |           |         |    |
|           | 33s for   |           |           |         |    |
|           | FR2 for   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the UE to |           |           |         |    |
|           | perform   |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |         |    |
|           | re        |           |           |         |    |
|           | selection |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | rocedure. |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 3,  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Note 6)   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 7-8       | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 9         | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | changes   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the TAC   |           |           |         |    |
|           | of NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 2 to |           |           |         |    |
|           | 2.        |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 10        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | changes   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the power |           |           |         |    |
|           | level     |           |           |         |    |
|           | setting   |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | row       |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"T1\".   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 11        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 2       | F  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |         |    |
|           | UE send   |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 2    |           |           |         |    |
|           | within    |           |           |         |    |
|           | 3s? (Note |           |           |         |    |
|           | 7)        |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 12        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 2       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |         |    |
|           | UE send   |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 2    |           |           |         |    |
|           | within 6s |           |           |         |    |
|           | for FR1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | and 27s   |           |           |         |    |
|           | for FR2   |           |           |         |    |
|           | after     |           |           |         |    |
|           | step 11?  |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 8,  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Note 9)   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 13-17     | Steps 2   | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | to 6 of   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | mobility  |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | updating  |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 2.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 18        | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 19        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | changes   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the power |           |           |         |    |
|           | level     |           |           |         |    |
|           | setting   |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | row       |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"T2\".   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 20-25     | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 26        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1       | F  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |         |    |
|           | UE send   |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 4    |           |           |         |    |
|           | within    |           |           |         |    |
|           | 2s? (Note |           |           |         |    |
|           | 12)       |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 27        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |         |    |
|           | UE send   |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 4    |           |           |         |    |
|           | within 7s |           |           |         |    |
|           | for FR1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | and 26s   |           |           |         |    |
|           | for FR2   |           |           |         |    |
|           | after     |           |           |         |    |
|           | step 26?  |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 13) |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 28-32     | Steps 2   | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | to 6 of   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | mobility  |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | updating  |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 4.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| N~CR~     |           |           |           |         |    |
| (number   |           |           |           |         |    |
| of cell   |           |           |           |         |    |
| res       |           |           |           |         |    |
| election) |           |           |           |         |    |
| is 1.     |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| N~CR~ is  |           |           |           |         |    |
| 2.        |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 3:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| N~CR~ is  |           |           |           |         |    |
| 3 and the |           |           |           |         |    |
| UE enters |           |           |           |         |    |
| medium    |           |           |           |         |    |
| mobility  |           |           |           |         |    |
| state     |           |           |           |         |    |
| because   |           |           |           |         |    |
| number of |           |           |           |         |    |
| cell      |           |           |           |         |    |
| res       |           |           |           |         |    |
| elections |           |           |           |         |    |
| during    |           |           |           |         |    |
| time      |           |           |           |         |    |
| period    |           |           |           |         |    |
| T~CRmax~  |           |           |           |         |    |
| equals    |           |           |           |         |    |
| N~CR\_M~. |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 4:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Void.     |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 5:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| The wait  |           |           |           |         |    |
| time for  |           |           |           |         |    |
| re        |           |           |           |         |    |
| selection |           |           |           |         |    |
| to a      |           |           |           |         |    |
| newly     |           |           |           |         |    |
| detected  |           |           |           |         |    |
| intra     |           |           |           |         |    |
| frequency |           |           |           |         |    |
| cell is   |           |           |           |         |    |
| selected  |           |           |           |         |    |
| to cover  |           |           |           |         |    |
| T~detec   |           |           |           |         |    |
| t,NR\_Int |           |           |           |         |    |
| ra~(25\*1 |           |           |           |         |    |
| 280ms=32s |           |           |           |         |    |
| for FR1   |           |           |           |         |    |
| and       |           |           |           |         |    |
| 25\*4\*12 |           |           |           |         |    |
| 80ms=128s |           |           |           |         |    |
| for FR2)  |           |           |           |         |    |
| +         |           |           |           |         |    |
| T~res     |           |           |           |         |    |
| election~ |           |           |           |         |    |
| (7s) +    |           |           |           |         |    |
| 320 ms    |           |           |           |         |    |
| system    |           |           |           |         |    |
| in        |           |           |           |         |    |
| formation |           |           |           |         |    |
| block     |           |           |           |         |    |
| type      |           |           |           |         |    |
| s         |           |           |           |         |    |
| cheduling |           |           |           |         |    |
| = 39.32s  |           |           |           |         |    |
| rounded   |           |           |           |         |    |
| up to 40s |           |           |           |         |    |
| for FR1   |           |           |           |         |    |
| and       |           |           |           |         |    |
| 135.32s   |           |           |           |         |    |
| rounded   |           |           |           |         |    |
| up to     |           |           |           |         |    |
| 136s for  |           |           |           |         |    |
| FR2.      |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 6:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| The wait  |           |           |           |         |    |
| time for  |           |           |           |         |    |
| re        |           |           |           |         |    |
| selection |           |           |           |         |    |
| to an     |           |           |           |         |    |
| already   |           |           |           |         |    |
| detected  |           |           |           |         |    |
| intra     |           |           |           |         |    |
| frequency |           |           |           |         |    |
| cell is   |           |           |           |         |    |
| selected  |           |           |           |         |    |
| to cover  |           |           |           |         |    |
| T~evalua  |           |           |           |         |    |
| te,NR\_in |           |           |           |         |    |
| tra~(6.4s |           |           |           |         |    |
| for FR1   |           |           |           |         |    |
| and 25.6  |           |           |           |         |    |
| for FR2)  |           |           |           |         |    |
| +         |           |           |           |         |    |
| Tre       |           |           |           |         |    |
| selection |           |           |           |         |    |
| (7s) +    |           |           |           |         |    |
| 320 ms    |           |           |           |         |    |
| system    |           |           |           |         |    |
| in        |           |           |           |         |    |
| formation |           |           |           |         |    |
| block     |           |           |           |         |    |
| type      |           |           |           |         |    |
| s         |           |           |           |         |    |
| cheduling |           |           |           |         |    |
| = 13.72s  |           |           |           |         |    |
| rounded   |           |           |           |         |    |
| up to 14s |           |           |           |         |    |
| for FR1   |           |           |           |         |    |
| and       |           |           |           |         |    |
| 32.92s    |           |           |           |         |    |
| rounded   |           |           |           |         |    |
| up to 33s |           |           |           |         |    |
| for FR2.  |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 7:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| The wait  |           |           |           |         |    |
| time for  |           |           |           |         |    |
| e         |           |           |           |         |    |
| valuating |           |           |           |         |    |
| an        |           |           |           |         |    |
| intra-    |           |           |           |         |    |
| frequency |           |           |           |         |    |
| cell is   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Tre       |           |           |           |         |    |
| selection |           |           |           |         |    |
| after     |           |           |           |         |    |
| scaling   |           |           |           |         |    |
| (3.5s).   |           |           |           |         |    |
| This wait |           |           |           |         |    |
| time is   |           |           |           |         |    |
| rounded   |           |           |           |         |    |
| down to   |           |           |           |         |    |
| nearest   |           |           |           |         |    |
| second    |           |           |           |         |    |
| (i.e. 3s  |           |           |           |         |    |
| in this   |           |           |           |         |    |
| case).    |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 8:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| The wait  |           |           |           |         |    |
| time for  |           |           |           |         |    |
| cell      |           |           |           |         |    |
| re        |           |           |           |         |    |
| selection |           |           |           |         |    |
| procedure |           |           |           |         |    |
| is        |           |           |           |         |    |
| selected  |           |           |           |         |    |
| to cover  |           |           |           |         |    |
| T~e       |           |           |           |         |    |
| valuate,N |           |           |           |         |    |
| R\_intra~ |           |           |           |         |    |
| (6.4s for |           |           |           |         |    |
| FR1 and   |           |           |           |         |    |
| 25.6 for  |           |           |           |         |    |
| FR2) +    |           |           |           |         |    |
| Tre       |           |           |           |         |    |
| selection |           |           |           |         |    |
| after     |           |           |           |         |    |
| scaling   |           |           |           |         |    |
| (7\*0.5)  |           |           |           |         |    |
| + 320 ms  |           |           |           |         |    |
| system    |           |           |           |         |    |
| in        |           |           |           |         |    |
| formation |           |           |           |         |    |
| block     |           |           |           |         |    |
| type      |           |           |           |         |    |
| s         |           |           |           |         |    |
| cheduling |           |           |           |         |    |
| = 10.22s  |           |           |           |         |    |
| rounded   |           |           |           |         |    |
| up to 11s |           |           |           |         |    |
| for FR1   |           |           |           |         |    |
| and       |           |           |           |         |    |
| 29.42s    |           |           |           |         |    |
| rounded   |           |           |           |         |    |
| up to 30s |           |           |           |         |    |
| for FR2.  |           |           |           |         |    |
| The       |           |           |           |         |    |
| actual    |           |           |           |         |    |
| wait time |           |           |           |         |    |
| is 6s     |           |           |           |         |    |
| which     |           |           |           |         |    |
| covers 9s |           |           |           |         |    |
| - 3s      |           |           |           |         |    |
| (wait     |           |           |           |         |    |
| time in   |           |           |           |         |    |
| step 11)  |           |           |           |         |    |
| for FR1   |           |           |           |         |    |
| and 27s   |           |           |           |         |    |
| which     |           |           |           |         |    |
| covers    |           |           |           |         |    |
| 30s -- 3s |           |           |           |         |    |
| (wait     |           |           |           |         |    |
| time in   |           |           |           |         |    |
| step 11)  |           |           |           |         |    |
| for FR2.  |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 9:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| N~CR~ is  |           |           |           |         |    |
| 4 and the |           |           |           |         |    |
| UE enters |           |           |           |         |    |
| high      |           |           |           |         |    |
| mobility  |           |           |           |         |    |
| state     |           |           |           |         |    |
| because   |           |           |           |         |    |
| number of |           |           |           |         |    |
| cell      |           |           |           |         |    |
| res       |           |           |           |         |    |
| elections |           |           |           |         |    |
| during    |           |           |           |         |    |
| time      |           |           |           |         |    |
| period    |           |           |           |         |    |
| T~CRmax~  |           |           |           |         |    |
| greater   |           |           |           |         |    |
| than      |           |           |           |         |    |
| N~CR\_H~  |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 10:  |           |           |           |         |    |
| Void.     |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 11:  |           |           |           |         |    |
| Void.     |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 12:  |           |           |           |         |    |
| The wait  |           |           |           |         |    |
| time for  |           |           |           |         |    |
| e         |           |           |           |         |    |
| valuating |           |           |           |         |    |
| an        |           |           |           |         |    |
| intra-    |           |           |           |         |    |
| frequency |           |           |           |         |    |
| cell is   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Tre       |           |           |           |         |    |
| selection |           |           |           |         |    |
| after     |           |           |           |         |    |
| scaling   |           |           |           |         |    |
| (2s).     |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 13:  |           |           |           |         |    |
| The wait  |           |           |           |         |    |
| time for  |           |           |           |         |    |
| cell      |           |           |           |         |    |
| re        |           |           |           |         |    |
| selection |           |           |           |         |    |
| procedure |           |           |           |         |    |
| is        |           |           |           |         |    |
| selected  |           |           |           |         |    |
| to cover  |           |           |           |         |    |
| T~e       |           |           |           |         |    |
| valuate,N |           |           |           |         |    |
| R\_intra~ |           |           |           |         |    |
| (6.4s for |           |           |           |         |    |
| FR1 and   |           |           |           |         |    |
| 25.6 for  |           |           |           |         |    |
| FR2) +    |           |           |           |         |    |
| Tre       |           |           |           |         |    |
| selection |           |           |           |         |    |
| after     |           |           |           |         |    |
| scaling   |           |           |           |         |    |
| (7\*0.25) |           |           |           |         |    |
| + 320 ms  |           |           |           |         |    |
| system    |           |           |           |         |    |
| in        |           |           |           |         |    |
| formation |           |           |           |         |    |
| block     |           |           |           |         |    |
| type      |           |           |           |         |    |
| s         |           |           |           |         |    |
| cheduling |           |           |           |         |    |
| = 8.47s   |           |           |           |         |    |
| rounded   |           |           |           |         |    |
| up to 9s  |           |           |           |         |    |
| for FR1   |           |           |           |         |    |
| and       |           |           |           |         |    |
| 27.92s    |           |           |           |         |    |
| rounded   |           |           |           |         |    |
| up to 28s |           |           |           |         |    |
| for FR2.  |           |           |           |         |    |
| The       |           |           |           |         |    |
| actual    |           |           |           |         |    |
| wait time |           |           |           |         |    |
| is 7s     |           |           |           |         |    |
| which     |           |           |           |         |    |
| covers 9s |           |           |           |         |    |
| - 2s      |           |           |           |         |    |
| (wait     |           |           |           |         |    |
| time in   |           |           |           |         |    |
| step 26)  |           |           |           |         |    |
| for FR1   |           |           |           |         |    |
| and 26s   |           |           |           |         |    |
| which     |           |           |           |         |    |
| covers    |           |           |           |         |    |
| 28s -- 2s |           |           |           |         |    |
| (wait     |           |           |           |         |    |
| time in   |           |           |           |         |    |
| step 26)  |           |           |           |         |    |
| for FR2.  |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+

##### 6.1.2.19.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-23 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.19.3.3-1: *SIB2 for NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2, and NR Cell 4*
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.1.2.19.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB2 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  cellReselectionInfoCommon SEQUENCE {                                         
  speedStateReselectionPars SEQUENCE {                                         
  MobilityStateParameters SEQUENCE {                                           
  t-Evaluation                                        s240                     
  t-HystNormal                                        s240                     
  n-CellChangeMedium                                  3                        
  n-CellChangeHigh                                    3                        
  }                                                                            
  q-HystSF SEQUENCE {                                                          
  sf-Medium                                           dB0                      
  sf-High                                             dB0                      
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            
  intraFreqCellReselectionInfo SEQUENCE {                                      
  t-ReselectionNR                                     7                        
  t-ReselectionNR-SF SEQUENCE {                                                
  sf-Medium                                           oDot50                   
  sf-High                                             oDot25                   
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            

Table 6.1.2.19.3.3-2: *SIB1 for NR Cell 4* (step 9, Table
6.1.2.19.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                            
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                           
  cellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                              
  PLMN-IdentityInfoList SEQUENCE {                                              
  trackingAreaCode                                     2                        
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             

#### 6.1.2.20 Inter-frequency cell reselection according to cell reselection priority provided by SIBs

##### 6.1.2.20.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-25 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-57 .H6}

with { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

ensure that {

when { UE detects the cell re-selection criteria are met for the cell
which belongs to the equal priority frequency }

then { UE reselects the cell which belongs to the equal priority
frequency }

}

##### (2) {#section-58 .H6}

with { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

ensure that {

when { UE detects the cell re-selection criteria are met for the cell
which belongs to the higher priority frequency }

then { UE reselects the cell which belongs to the higher priority
frequency }

}

##### (3) {#section-59 .H6}

with { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

ensure that {

when { UE detects the cell re-selection criteria are met for the cell
which belongs to the lower priority frequency }

then { UE reselects the cell which belongs to the lower priority
frequency }

}

##### 6.1.2.20.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-25 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in TS 38.304: clause 5.2.4.1, 5.2.4.2, 5.2.4.5 and 5.2.4.6.
Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.1\]

Absolute priorities of different NR frequencies or inter-RAT frequencies
may be provided to the UE in the system information, in the *RRCRelease*
message, or by inheriting from another RAT at inter-RAT cell
(re)selection. In the case of system information, an NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency may be listed without providing a priority (i.e. the
field *cellReselectionPriority* is absent for that frequency). If
priorities are provided in dedicated signalling, the UE shall ignore all
the priorities provided in system information. If UE is in *camped on
any cell* state, UE shall only apply the priorities provided by system
information from current cell, and the UE preserves priorities provided
by dedicated signalling and *deprioritisationReq* received in
*RRCRelease* unless specified otherwise. When the UE in camped normally
state, has only dedicated priorities other than for the current
frequency, the UE shall consider the current frequency to be the lowest
priority frequency (i.e. lower than any of the network configured
values).

The UE shall only perform cell reselection evaluation for NR frequencies
and inter-RAT frequencies that are given in system information and for
which the UE has a priority provided.

In case UE receives *RRCRelease* with *deprioritisationReq*, UE shall
consider current frequency and stored frequencies due to the previously
received *RRCRelease* with *deprioritisationReq* or all the frequencies
of NR to be the lowest priority frequency (i.e. lower than any of the
network configured values) while T325 is running irrespective of camped
RAT. The UE shall delete the stored deprioritisation request(s) when a
PLMN selection is performed on request by NAS (TS 23.122 \[9\]).

NOTE: UE should search for a higher priority layer for cell reselection
as soon as possible after the change of priority. The minimum related
performance requirements specified in TS 38.133 \[8\] are still
applicable.

The UE shall delete priorities provided by dedicated signalling when:

\- the UE enters a different RRC state; or

\- the optional validity time of dedicated priorities (T320) expires; or

\- a PLMN selection is performed on request by NAS (TS 23.122 \[9\]).

NOTE 2: Equal priorities between RATs are not supported.

The UE shall not consider any exclude-listed cells as candidate for cell
reselection.

The UE shall inherit the priorities provided by dedicated signalling and
the remaining validity time (i.e. T320 in NR and E-UTRA), if configured,
at inter-RAT cell (re)selection.

NOTE 3: The network may assign dedicated cell reselection priorities for
frequencies not configured by system information.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.2\]

Following rules are used by the UE to limit needed measurements:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~IntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~IntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform intra-frequency
measurements.

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform intra-frequency measurements.

\- The UE shall apply the following rules for NR inter-frequencies and
inter-RAT frequencies which are indicated in system information and for
which the UE has priority provided as defined in 5.2.4.1:

\- For a NR inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequency with a reselection
priority higher than the reselection priority of the current NR
frequency, the UE shall perform measurements of higher priority NR
inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequencies according to TS 38.133 \[8\].

\- For a NR inter-frequency with an equal or lower reselection priority
than the reselection priority of the current NR frequency and for
inter-RAT frequency with lower reselection priority than the reselection
priority of the current NR frequency:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform measurements of NR
inter-frequencies or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower
priority;

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform measurements of NR inter-frequencies
or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower priority according to TS
38.133 \[8\].

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.5\]

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is broadcast in system information and more
than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving
cell, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority NR or EUTRAN RAT/frequency fulfils Squal
\> Thresh~X,\ HighQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority NR frequency
or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \>
Thresh~X,\ HighP~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

\- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

Cell reselection to a cell on an equal priority NR frequency shall be
based on ranking for intra-frequency cell reselection as defined in
clause 5.2.4.6.

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is broadcast in system information and more
than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving
cell, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Squal \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~ and a cell
of a lower priority NR or E-UTRAN RAT/ frequency fulfils Squal \>
Thresh~X,\ LowQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~.

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority NR frequency
or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Srxlev \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowP~ and a cell
of a lower priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \> Thresh~X,\ LowP~
during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

> \- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
> serving cell.

Cell reselection to a higher priority RAT/frequency shall take
precedence over a lower priority RAT/frequency if multiple cells of
different priorities fulfil the cell reselection criteria.

If more than one cell meets the above criteria, the UE shall reselect a
cell as follows:

\- If the highest-priority frequency is an NR frequency, the highest
ranked cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies)
meeting the criteria according to clause 5.2.4.6;

\- If the highest-priority frequency is from another RAT, the highest
ranked cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies)
meeting the criteria of that RAT.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.6\]

The cell-ranking criterion R~s~ for serving cell and R~n~ for
neighbouring cells is defined by:

+-------------------------------------------+
| R~s~ = Q~meas,s~ +Q~hyst~ - Qoffset~temp~ |
|                                           |
| R~n~ = Q~meas,n~ -Qoffset - Qoffset~temp~ |
+-------------------------------------------+

where:

+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Q~meas~       | RSRP measurement quantity used in cell              |
|               | reselections.                                       |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset       | For intra-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~, if     |
|               | Qoffset~s,n~ is valid, otherwise this equals to     |
|               | zero.                                               |
|               |                                                     |
|               | For inter-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~ plus    |
|               | Qoffset~frequency~, if Qoffset~s,n~ is valid,       |
|               | otherwise this equals to Qoffset~frequency~.        |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset~temp~ | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as specified   |
|               | in TS 38.331 \[3\].                                 |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

The UE shall perform ranking of all cells that fulfil the cell selection
criterion S, which is defined in 5.2.3.2.

The cells shall be ranked according to the R criteria specified above by
deriving Q~meas,n~ and Q~meas,s~ and calculating the R values using
averaged RSRP results.

If *rangeToBestCell* is not configured, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell. If this cell is found to be
not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to subclause 5.2.4.4.

If *rangeToBestCell* is configured*,* then the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the cell with the highest number of beams above the
threshold (i.e. *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation*) among the cells whose
R value is within *rangeToBestCell* of the R value of the highest ranked
cell. If there are multiple such cells, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell among them. If this cell is found
to be not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to subclause 5.2.4.4.

In all cases, the UE shall reselect the new cell, only if the following
conditions are met:

\- the new cell is better than the serving cell according to the cell
reselection criteria specified above during a time interval
Treselection~RAT~;

\- more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

##### 6.1.2.20.3 Test description {#test-description-25 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.20.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-25 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-18 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 3 and NR Cell 6.

\- System information combination NR-4 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
Table 4.4.3.1.2-1 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-25 .H6}

None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-26 .H6}

\- The UE is in state 1N-A on NR Cell 1(serving cell) according to TS
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-1.

##### 6.1.2.20.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-25 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.20.3.2-1/2 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the NR cells at various time
instants of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values
shall be applied are described in the texts in this clause. The
configuration \"T0\" indicates the initial conditions. Subsequent
configurations marked \"T1\", \"T2\" and \"T3\" are applied at the
points indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table
6.1.2.20.3.2-3.

Table 6.1.2.20.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|         | rameter |         | 1       | 3       | 6       |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | Off     | Off     | The     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ensure  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | the UE  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | reg     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | istered |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | on NR   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | -78     | Off     | The     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | R~NR\ C |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \<      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | R       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ~NR\ Ce |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 3~. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | Off     | -78     | -78     | The     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Srxle   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | v~NR\ C |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \< 0    |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | and     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Srxle   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | v~NR\ C |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 6~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \>      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Thresh  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ~NR\ Ce |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 6,\ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |  high~. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T3      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | Off     | -78     | -98     | The     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Srxle   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | v~NR\ C |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 6~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \<      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Thresh~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | serving |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ,\ low~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | and     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Srxle   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | v~NR\ C |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 3~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \>      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Thres   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | h~NR\ C |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 3, |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \ low~, |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Srxlev~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | NR\ Cel |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | l\ 1~\< |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | 0.      |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Note:   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| level   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| "Off"   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| defined |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| TS3     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 8.508-1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[4\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 6.2     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .2.1-3. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.1.2.20.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|    | rameter |         | 1       | 3       | 6       |         |
+====+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | Off     | Off     | The     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ensure  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | the UE  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | reg     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | istered |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | on NR   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1. |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | -82     | Off     | The     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | R~NR\ C |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \<      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | R       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ~NR\ Ce |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 3~. |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | Off     | -82     | -82     | The     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Srxle   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | v~NR\ C |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \< 0    |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | and     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Srxle   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | v~NR\ C |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 6~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \>      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Thresh  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ~NR\ Ce |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 6,\ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         |  high~. |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T3 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | Off     | -82     | -100    | The     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Srxle   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | v~NR\ C |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 6~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \<      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Thresh~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | serving |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ,\ low~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | and     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Srxle   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | v~NR\ C |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 3~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \>      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Thres   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | h~NR\ C |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 3, |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \ low~, |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Srxlev~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | NR\ Cel |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | l\ 1~\< |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 0.      |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.1.2.20.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  St                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Procedure                                                                                                                                   Message Sequence   TP        Verdict   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ --------- --------- ----
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               U - S              Message             
  1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                The SS changes NR Cell 3 SS PBCH SSS EPRE level according to the row \"T1\" in table 6.1.2.20.3.2-1/2.                                      \-                 \-        \-        \-
  2                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Wait for 66\[FR1\]/258\[FR2\] seconds to allow UE to recognise the change.                                                                  \-                 \-        \-        \-
  3                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.4.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 3?   \-                 \-        1         \-
  4                                                                                                                                                                                                                                The SS changes NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 6 SSS levels according to the row \"T2\" in table 6.1.2.20.3.2-1/2.                                    \-                 \-        \-        \-
  5                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Wait for 34\[FR1\]/130\[FR2\] seconds to allow UE to recognise the change.                                                                  \-                 \-        \-        \-
  6                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.4.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 6?   \-                 \-        2         \-
  7                                                                                                                                                                                                                                The SS changes NR Cell 6 SSS level according to the row \"T3\" in table 6.1.2.20.3.2-1/2.                                                   \-                 \-        \-        \-
  8                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Wait for 8\[FR1\]/27\[FR2\] seconds to allow UE to recognise the change.                                                                    \-                 \-        \-        \-
  9                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.4.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 3?   \-                 \-        3         \-
  Note: The wait time at steps 2 and 5 is K~carrier~\*T~detect,NR\_Inter~ and at Step 8 it is K~carrier~\*T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~ (as per TS 38.133 \[30\], clause 4.2.2.4) plus the time to read the system information T~SI-NR.~                                                                                                                                                                                      

##### 6.1.2.20.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-24 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.20.3.3-1: Conditions for specific message contents in Tables
below

  Condition   Explanation
  ----------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
  NR Cell 1   This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 1.
  NR Cell 3   This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 3.
  NR Cell 6   This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 6.

Table 6.1.2.20.3.3-2: *SIB2 of NR Cell 6 (*preamble and all steps, Table
6.1.2.20.3.2-3*)*

  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                            
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB2 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {                                    
  threshServingLowP                                   10             20 dB     
  cellReselectionPriority                             5                        
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.1.2.20.3.3-3: *SIB4 of NR Cell 1, NR Cell 3 and NR Cell 6
(*preamble and all steps, Table 6.1.2.20.3.2-3*)*

  -------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------- --------- -------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                                                                          
  Information Element                                                  Value/remark                                Comment   Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                        
  interFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE SIZE (1..maxFreq) OF SEQUECNCE {   2 entry                                               
  dl-CarrierFreq\[1\]                                                  Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 6             NR Cell 1
                                                                       Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 6             NR Cell 3
                                                                       Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 3             NR Cell 6
  threshX-HighP\[1\]                                                   10                                          20 dB     NR Cell 3 and FR1
                                                                       9                                           18 dB     NR Cell 3 and FR2
  cellReselectionPriority\[1\]                                         5                                                     NR Cell 1
                                                                       5                                                     NR Cell 3
  dl-CarrierFreq\[2\]                                                  Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 3             NR Cell 1
  cellReselectionPriority\[2\]                                         4                                                     NR Cell 1
  }                                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                                          
  -------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------- --------- -------------------

#### 6.1.2.21 Cell reselection, SIntraSearchQ and SnonIntraSearchQ

##### 6.1.2.21.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-26 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-60 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state, and the UE is not in high mobility
state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE receives non-zero SIntraSearchQ in system information }

**then** { UE performs measurement and reselects the highest ranked cell
upon Squal \< SIntraSearchQ }

}

##### (2) {#section-61 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state, and the UE is not in high mobility
state }

ensure that {

when { UE receives non-zero SnonIntraSearchQ in system information }

then { UE performs measurement and reselects the cell which belongs to
the equal priority frequency cell upon Squal \< SnonIntraSearchQ }

}

##### (3) {#section-62 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state, and the UE is not in high mobility
state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE receives non-zero SnonIntraSearchQ in system information }

**then** { UE performs measurement and reselects the cell which belongs
to the high priority frequency cell upon Squal \> SnonIntraSearchQ }

}

##### 6.1.2.21.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-26 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in TS 38.304: clause 5.2.4.1, 5.2.4.2, 5.2.4.5, 5.2.4.6 and
5.2.4.7. Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.1\]

Absolute priorities of different NR frequencies or inter-RAT frequencies
may be provided to the UE in the system information, in the *RRCRelease*
message, or by inheriting from another RAT at inter-RAT cell
(re)selection. In the case of system information, an NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency may be listed without providing a priority (i.e. the
field *cellReselectionPriority* is absent for that frequency). If
priorities are provided in dedicated signalling, the UE shall ignore all
the priorities provided in system information. If UE is in *camped on
any cell* state, UE shall only apply the priorities provided by system
information from current cell, and the UE preserves priorities provided
by dedicated signalling and *deprioritisationReq* received in
*RRCRelease* unless specified otherwise. When the UE in camped normally
state, has only dedicated priorities other than for the current
frequency, the UE shall consider the current frequency to be the lowest
priority frequency (i.e. lower than any of the network configured
values).

The UE shall only perform cell reselection evaluation for NR frequencies
and inter-RAT frequencies that are given in system information and for
which the UE has a priority provided.

In case UE receives *RRCRelease* with *deprioritisationReq*, UE shall
consider current frequency and stored frequencies due to the previously
received *RRCRelease* with *deprioritisationReq* or all the frequencies
of NR to be the lowest priority frequency (i.e. lower than any of the
network configured values) while T325 is running irrespective of camped
RAT. The UE shall delete the stored deprioritisation request(s) when a
PLMN selection is performed on request by NAS (TS 23.122 \[9\]).

NOTE: UE should search for a higher priority layer for cell reselection
as soon as possible after the change of priority. The minimum related
performance requirements specified in TS 38.133 \[8\] are still
applicable.

The UE shall delete priorities provided by dedicated signalling when:

\- the UE enters a different RRC state; or

\- the optional validity time of dedicated priorities (T320) expires; or

\- a PLMN selection is performed on request by NAS (TS 23.122 \[9\]).

NOTE 2: Equal priorities between RATs are not supported.

The UE shall not consider any exclude-listed cells as candidate for cell
reselection.

The UE shall inherit the priorities provided by dedicated signalling and
the remaining validity time (i.e. T320 in NR and E-UTRA), if configured,
at inter-RAT cell (re)selection.

NOTE 3: The network may assign dedicated cell reselection priorities for
frequencies not configured by system information.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.2\]

Following rules are used by the UE to limit needed measurements:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~IntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~IntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform intra-frequency
measurements.

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform intra-frequency measurements.

\- The UE shall apply the following rules for NR inter-frequencies and
inter-RAT frequencies which are indicated in system information and for
which the UE has priority provided as defined in 5.2.4.1:

\- For a NR inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequency with a reselection
priority higher than the reselection priority of the current NR
frequency, the UE shall perform measurements of higher priority NR
inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequencies according to TS 38.133 \[8\].

\- For a NR inter-frequency with an equal or lower reselection priority
than the reselection priority of the current NR frequency and for
inter-RAT frequency with lower reselection priority than the reselection
priority of the current NR frequency:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform measurements of NR
inter-frequencies or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower
priority;

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform measurements of NR inter-frequencies
or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower priority according to TS
38.133 \[8\].

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.5\]

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is broadcast in system information and more
than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving
cell, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority NR or EUTRAN RAT/frequency fulfils Squal
\> Thresh~X,\ HighQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority NR frequency
or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \>
Thresh~X,\ HighP~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

\- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

Cell reselection to a cell on an equal priority NR frequency shall be
based on ranking for intra-frequency cell reselection as defined in
clause 5.2.4.6.

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is broadcast in system information and more
than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving
cell, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Squal \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~ and a cell
of a lower priority NR or E-UTRAN RAT/ frequency fulfils Squal \>
Thresh~X,\ LowQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~.

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority NR frequency
or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Srxlev \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowP~ and a cell
of a lower priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \> Thresh~X,\ LowP~
during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

\- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

Cell reselection to a higher priority RAT/frequency shall take
precedence over a lower priority RAT/frequency if multiple cells of
different priorities fulfil the cell reselection criteria.

If more than one cell meets the above criteria, the UE shall reselect a
cell as follows:

\- If the highest-priority frequency is an NR frequency, the highest
ranked cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies)
meeting the criteria according to clause 5.2.4.6;

\- If the highest-priority frequency is from another RAT, the highest
ranked cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies)
meeting the criteria of that RAT.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.6\]

The cell-ranking criterion R~s~ for serving cell and R~n~ for
neighbouring cells is defined by:

+-------------------------------------------+
| R~s~ = Q~meas,s~ +Q~hyst~ - Qoffset~temp~ |
|                                           |
| R~n~ = Q~meas,n~ -Qoffset - Qoffset~temp~ |
+-------------------------------------------+

where:

+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Q~meas~       | RSRP measurement quantity used in cell              |
|               | reselections.                                       |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset       | For intra-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~, if     |
|               | Qoffset~s,n~ is valid, otherwise this equals to     |
|               | zero.                                               |
|               |                                                     |
|               | For inter-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~ plus    |
|               | Qoffset~frequency~, if Qoffset~s,n~ is valid,       |
|               | otherwise this equals to Qoffset~frequency~.        |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset~temp~ | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as specified   |
|               | in TS 38.331 \[3\].                                 |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

The UE shall perform ranking of all cells that fulfil the cell selection
criterion S, which is defined in 5.2.3.2.

The cells shall be ranked according to the R criteria specified above by
deriving Q~meas,n~ and Q~meas,s~ and calculating the R values using
averaged RSRP results.

If *rangeToBestCell* is not configured, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell. If this cell is found to be
not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to subclause 5.2.4.4.

If *rangeToBestCell* is configured*,* then the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the cell with the highest number of beams above the
threshold (i.e. *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation*) among the cells whose
R value is within *rangeToBestCell* of the R value of the highest ranked
cell. If there are multiple such cells, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell among them. If this cell is found
to be not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to subclause 5.2.4.4.

In all cases, the UE shall reselect the new cell, only if the following
conditions are met:

\- the new cell is better than the serving cell according to the cell
reselection criteria specified above during a time interval
Treselection~RAT~;

\- more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.7\]

5.2.4.7.0 General reselection parameters

Cell reselection parameters are broadcast in system information and are
read from the serving cell as follows:

**absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation**

This specifies minimum threshold of the beam which can be used for
selection of the highest ranked cell, if *rangeToBestCell* is
configured.

**cellReselectionPriority**

This specifies the absolute priority for NR frequency or E-UTRAN
frequency.

**cellReselectionSubPriority**

This specifies the fractional priority value added to
cellReselectionPriority for NR frequency or E-UTRAN frequency.

**Qoffset~s,n~**

This specifies the offset between the two cells.

**Qoffset~frequency~**

Frequency specific offset for equal priority NR frequencies.

**Q~hyst~**

This specifies the hysteresis value for ranking criteria.

**Qoffset~temp~**

This specifies the additional offset to be used for cell selection and
re-selection. It is temporarily used in case the RRC Connection
Establishment fails on the cell as specified in TS 38.331 \[3\].

**Q~qualmin~**

This specifies the minimum required quality level in the cell in dB.

**Q~rxlevmin~**

This specifies the minimum required Rx level in the cell in dBm.

**Q~rxlevminoffsetcell~**

This specifies the cell specific Rx level offset in dB to Qrxlevmin.

**Q~qualminoffsetcell~**

This specifies the cell specific quality level offset in dB to Qqualmin.

**rangeToBestCell**

This specifies the R value range which the cells whose R value is within
the range can be a candidate for the highest ranked cell.

**Treselection~RAT~**

This specifies the cell reselection timer value. For each target NR
frequency and for each RAT other than NR, a specific value for the cell
reselection timer is defined, which is applicable when evaluating
reselection within NR or towards other RAT (i.e. Treselection~RAT~ for
NR is Treselection~NR~, for E-UTRAN Treselection~EUTRA~).

NOTE: Treselection~RAT~ is not broadcast in system information but used
in reselection rules by the UE for each RAT.

**Treselection~NR~**

This specifies the cell reselection timer value Treselection~RAT~ for
NR. The parameter can be set per NR frequency as specified in TS 38.331
\[3\].

**Treselection~EUTRA~**

This specifies the cell reselection timer value Treselection~RAT~ for
E-UTRAN.

**Thresh~X,\ HighP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) used by the UE when
reselecting towards a higher priority RAT/ frequency than the current
serving frequency. Each frequency of NR and E-UTRAN might have a
specific threshold.

**Thresh~X,\ HighQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) used by the UE when
reselecting towards a higher priority RAT/ frequency than the current
serving frequency. Each frequency of NR and E-UTRAN might have a
specific threshold.

**Thresh~X,\ LowP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) used by the UE when
reselecting towards a lower priority RAT/ frequency than the current
serving frequency. Each frequency of NR and E-UTRAN might have a
specific threshold.

**Thresh~X,\ LowQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) used by the UE when
reselecting towards a lower priority RAT/ frequency than the current
serving frequency. Each frequency of NR and E-UTRAN might have a
specific threshold.

**Thresh~Serving,\ LowP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) used by the UE on the
serving cell when reselecting towards a lower priority RAT/ frequency.

**Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) used by the UE on the serving
cell when reselecting towards a lower priority RAT/ frequency.

**S~IntraSearchP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) for intra-frequency
measurements.

**S~IntraSearchQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) for intra-frequency
measurements.

**S~nonIntraSearchP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) for NR inter-frequency and
inter-RAT measurements.

**S~nonIntraSearchQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) for NR inter-frequency and
inter-RAT measurements.

5.2.4.7.1 Speed dependent reselection parameters

Speed dependent reselection parameters are broadcast in system
information and are read from the serving cell as follows:

**T~CRmax~**

This specifies the duration for evaluating allowed amount of cell
reselection(s).

**N~CR\_M~**

This specifies the maximum number of cell reselections to enter
Medium-mobility state.

**N~CR\_H~**

This specifies the maximum number of cell reselections to enter
High-mobility state.

**T~CRmaxHyst~**

This specifies the additional time period before the UE can enter
Normal-mobility state.

**Speed dependent ScalingFactor for Qhyst**

This specifies scaling factor for Qhyst in *sf-High* for High-mobility
state and *sf-Medium* for Medium-mobility state.

**Speed dependent ScalingFactor for Treselection~NR~**

This specifies scaling factor for Treselection~NR~ in *sf-High* for
High-mobility state and *sf-Medium* for Medium-mobility state.

**Speed dependent ScalingFactor for Treselection~EUTRA~**

This specifies scaling factor for Treselection~EUTRA~ in *sf-High* for
High-mobility state and *sf-Medium* for Medium-mobility state.

##### 6.1.2.21.3 Test description {#test-description-26 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.21.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-26 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-19 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 3.

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 3 are configured to operate in FR1
bands as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] clause 6.2.3.

\- System information combination NR-4 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
Table 4.4.3.1.2-1, and message contents defined in clause 4.6.1 and
clause 4.6.2 with QBASED condition is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-26 .H6}

None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-27 .H6}

\- The UE is in state 1N-A on NR Cell 1(serving cell) according to TS
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-1.

##### 6.1.2.21.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-26 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.21.3.2-1 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the NR cells at various time
instants of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values
shall be applied are described in the texts in this clause. The
configuration \"T0\" indicates the initial conditions. Subsequent
configurations marked \"T1\", \"T2\", \"T3\" and \"T4\" are applied at
the points indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table
6.1.2.21.3.2-3.

Table 6.1.2.21.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | **Para  | *       | **NR    | **NR    | **NR    | **R     |
|         | meter** | *Unit** | Cell    | Cell    | Cell    | emark** |
|         |         |         | 1**     | 2**     | 3**     |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | Off     | Off     | The     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ensure  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | the UE  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | reg     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | istered |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | on NR   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -94     | -80     | -118    | Squal   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | of NR   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | Cell 1  |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is less |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | than    |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | S~      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | IntraSe |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | archQ.~ |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | RSRQ    | dB      | -13.78  | -10.96  | -34.81  |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Q~rx    | dBm     | -110    | -110    | -110    |         |
|         | levmin~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Q       | dB      | -20     | -20     | -20     |         |
|         | qualmin |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | S       | dB      | 20      | 20      | 20      |         |
|         | ~IntraS |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | earchQ~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Noc     | dBm/SCS | -94     | -94     | -94     |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Srxlev  | dB      | 16      | 30      | -8      |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Squal   | dB      | 6.22    | 9.04    | -14.81  |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -118    | -94     | -80     | Squal   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | of NR   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | Cell 2  |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is less |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | than    |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | S~non   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | IntraSe |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | archQ.~ |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | RSRQ    | dB      | -34.81  | -13.78  | -10.96  |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Q~rx    | dBm     | -110    | -110    | -110    |         |
|         | levmin~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Q       | dB      | -20     | -20     | -20     |         |
|         | qualmin |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | S~no    | dB      | 20      | 20      | 20      |         |
|         | nIntraS |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | earchQ~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Noc     | dBm/SCS | -94     | -94     | -94     |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Srxlev  | dB      | -8      | 16      | 30      |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Squal   | dB      | -14.81  | 6.22    | 9.04    |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T3      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -118    | -118    | -80     |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | RSRQ    | dB      | -34.81  | -34.81  | -10.96  |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Q~rx    | dBm     | -110    | -110    | -110    |         |
|         | levmin~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Q       | dB      | -20     | -20     | -20     |         |
|         | qualmin |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | S~no    | dB      | 20      | 20      | 2       |         |
|         | nIntraS |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | earchQ~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Noc     | dBm/SCS | -94     | -94     | -94     |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Srxlev  | dB      | -8      | -8      | 30      |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Squal   | dB      | -14.81  | -14.81  | 9.04    |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T4      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -80     | -118    | -80     | Squal   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | of NR   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | Cell 3  |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | greater |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | than    |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | S~no    |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | nIntraS |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | earchQ~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | but NR  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | is high |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | p       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | riority |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | cell.   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | RSRQ    | dB      | -10.96  | -34.81  | -10.96  |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Q~rx    | dBm     | -110    | -110    | -110    |         |
|         | levmin~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Q       | dB      | -20     | -20     | -20     |         |
|         | qualmin |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | S~no    | dB      | 20      | 20      | 2       |         |
|         | nIntraS |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | earchQ~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Noc     | dBm/SCS | -94     | -94     | -94     |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Srxlev  | dB      | 30      | -8      | 30      |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Squal   | dB      | 9.04    | -14.81  | 9.04    |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Note:   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| level   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| "Off"   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| defined |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| TS3     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 8.508-1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[4\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 6.2     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .2.1-3. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.1.2.21.3.2-2: Void

Table 6.1.2.21.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  **St**                                                                                                                                                               **Procedure**                                                                                                                                                                                   **Message Sequence**   **TP**             **Verdict**   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------- ------------------ ------------- ----
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       **U - S**              **Message**                      
  1                                                                                                                                                                    The SS re-adjusts the SS/PBCH EPRE levels according to row \"T1\" in table 6.1.2.21.3.2-1.                                                                                                      \-                     \-                 \-            \-
  2                                                                                                                                                                    Wait for 34\[FR1\]/130\[FR2\] seconds to allow UE to recognise the change. \[Note\]                                                                                                             \-                     \-                 \-            \-
  3                                                                                                                                                                    Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.4.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 2?                                                       \-                     *-*                1             \-
  4                                                                                                                                                                    The SS re-adjusts the SSS levels according to row \"T2\" in table 6.1.2.21.3.2-1.                                                                                                               \-                     *-*                \-            \-
  5                                                                                                                                                                    Wait for 34\[FR1\]/130\[FR2\] seconds to allow UE to recognise the change. \[Note\]                                                                                                             \-                     *-*                \-            \-
  6                                                                                                                                                                    Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.4.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 3?                                                       \-                     *-*                2             \-
  6A                                                                                                                                                                   The SS re-adjusts the SSS levels according to row \"T3\" in table 6.1.2.21.3.2-1.                                                                                                               \-                     *-*                \-            \-
  7                                                                                                                                                                    Void                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  8                                                                                                                                                                    The SS changes the S~nonIntraSearchQ~ for NR Cell 3 according to row \"T3\" in table 6.1.2.21.3.2-1/2, The *ValueTag* of *SIB2* in the SI-SchedulingInfo of *SIB1* is increased on NR Cell 3.   \-                     *-*                \-            \-
  8A                                                                                                                                                                   The SS notifies the UE of change of System Information on NR Cell 3 by send Short Message on PDCCH using P-RNTI.                                                                                \<\--                  NR RRC: *Paging*   \-            \-
  9                                                                                                                                                                    Wait for 2.1\* modification period to allow the new system information to take effect.                                                                                                          \-                     *-*                \-            \-
  10                                                                                                                                                                   The SS re-adjusts the SSS levels according to row \"T4\" in table 6.1.2.21.3.2-1.                                                                                                               \-                     *-*                \-            \-
  11                                                                                                                                                                   Wait for 120 seconds to allow UE to recognise the change.                                                                                                                                       \-                     *-*                \-            \-
  12                                                                                                                                                                   Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.4.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 1?                                                       \-                     \-                 3             \-
  Note: The wait time at steps 2 and 5 is Kcarrier\*Tdetect,NR\_Inter (as per TS 38.133 \[30\], clause 4.2.2.4) plus the time to read the system information TSI-NR.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           

##### 6.1.2.21.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-25 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.21.3.3-1: Conditions for specific message contents in Tables
below

  **Condition**   **Explanation**
  --------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
  NR Cell 1       This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 1.
  NR Cell 2       This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 2.
  NR Cell 3       This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 3.

Table 6.1.2.21.3.3-2: SIB2 of NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 3
(preamble, Table 6.1.2.21.3.2-3)

  --------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ------------- ----------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                                    
  **Information Element**                             **Value/remark**   **Comment**   **Condition**
  SIB2 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                  
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {                                            
  s-NonIntraSearchP                                   0                  0 dB          
  s-NonIntraSearchQ                                   20                 20 dB         
  cellReselectionPriority                             5                                NR Cell 1
                                                      1                                NR Cell 2 and Cell 3
  }                                                                                    
  intraFreqCellReselectionInfo SEQUENCE {                                              
  s-IntraSearchP                                      0                  0 dB          
  s-IntraSearchQ                                      20                 20 dB         
  }                                                                                    
  }                                                                                    
  --------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ------------- ----------------------

Table 6.1.2.21.3.3-3: SIB4 of NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 3 (preamble and all
steps, Table 6.1.2.21.3.2-3)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                           
  Information Element                                                                   Value/remark                                Comment   Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                         
  interFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo {   1 entry                                               
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                          entry 1   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 3             NR Cell 2
                                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 1             NR Cell 3
  t-ReselectionNR                                                                       1                                                     
  threshX-HighP                                                                         7                                           14 dBm    NR Cell 3
  threshX-Q SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                        NR Cell 3
  threshX-HighQ                                                                         20                                                    
  threshX-LowQ                                                                          5                                                     
  }                                                                                                                                           
  cellReselectionPriority                                                               5                                                     NR Cell 3
                                                                                        1                                                     NR Cell 2
  }                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                           
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.1.2.21.3.3-4: *SIB1 of NR Cell 3 (step 8, Table*
6.1.2.21.3.2-3*)*

  ---------------------------------------------------- ------------------- ------------- ---------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                     
  **Information Element**                              **Value/remark**    **Comment**   **Condition**
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                    
  si-SchedulingInfo                                    SI-SchedulingInfo                 
  }                                                                                      
  ---------------------------------------------------- ------------------- ------------- ---------------

**Table 6.1.2.21.3.3-4a: SIB4 of NR Cell 3 (*step 8*, Table
6.1.2.21.3.2-3)**

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                                                              
  Information Element                                                                   Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                            
  interFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo {   1 entry                  
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                             entry 1   
  threshX-Q SEQUENCE {                                                                                           NR Cell 3
  threshX-HighQ                                                                         5                        
  threshX-LowQ                                                                          5                        
  }                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                              
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.1.2.21.3.3-5: SI-SchedulingInfo (si-SchedulingInfo in Table
6.1.2.21.3.3-4)

  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.3-173                                                 
  Information Element                                                        Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SI-SchedulingInfo ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                    
  schedulingInfoList SEQUENCE (SIZE(1..maxSI-Message)) OF SchedulingInfo {   1 entry                  
  SchedulingInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                            entry 1   
  sib-MappingInfo SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSIB)) OF SIB-TypeInfo {              2 entries                
  SIB-TypeInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                              entry 1   
  type                                                                       sibType2                 
  valueTag                                                                   1                        
  }                                                                                                   
  SIB-TypeInfo\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                              entry 2   
  type                                                                       sibType4                 
  valueTag                                                                   1                        
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.1.2.21.3.3-6: *SIB2 of NR Cell 3 (step 8, Table*
6.1.2.21.3.2-3*)*

  --------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                                    
  **Information Element**                             **Value/remark**   **Comment**   **Condition**
  SIB2 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                  
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {                                            
  s-NonIntraSearchQ                                   2                  2 dB          
  }                                                                                    
  }                                                                                    
  --------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ------------- ---------------

#### 6.1.2.22 Inter-frequency cell reselection based on common priority information with parameters ThreshX, HighQ, ThreshX, LowQ and ThreshServing, LowQ

##### 6.1.2.22.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-27 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-63 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell re-selection criteria are met for the
cell which belongs to the higher priority frequency }

**then** { UE reselects the cell which belongs to the higher priority
frequency }

}

##### (2) {#section-64 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell re-selection criteria are met for the
cell which belongs to the lower priority frequency }

**then** { UE reselects the cell which belongs to the lower priority
frequency }

}

##### 6.1.2.22.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-27 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in TS 38.304: clause 5.2.4.5, and 5.2.4.7. Unless otherwise
stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.5\]

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is broadcast in system information and more
than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving
cell, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority NR or EUTRAN RAT/frequency fulfils Squal
\> Thresh~X,\ HighQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority NR frequency
or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \>
Thresh~X,\ HighP~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

\- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

Cell reselection to a cell on an equal priority NR frequency shall be
based on ranking for intra-frequency cell reselection as defined in
clause 5.2.4.6.

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is broadcast in system information and more
than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving
cell, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Squal \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~ and a cell
of a lower priority NR or E-UTRAN RAT/ frequency fulfils Squal \>
Thresh~X,\ LowQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~.

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority NR frequency
or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Srxlev \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowP~ and a cell
of a lower priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \> Thresh~X,\ LowP~
during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

> \- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
> serving cell.

Cell reselection to a higher priority RAT/frequency shall take
precedence over a lower priority RAT/frequency if multiple cells of
different priorities fulfil the cell reselection criteria.

If more than one cell meets the above criteria, the UE shall reselect a
cell as follows:

\- If the highest-priority frequency is an NR frequency, the highest
ranked cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies)
meeting the criteria according to clause 5.2.4.6;

\- If the highest-priority frequency is from another RAT, the highest
ranked cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies)
meeting the criteria of that RAT.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.7\]

5.2.4.7.0 General reselection parameters

Cell reselection parameters are broadcast in system information and are
read from the serving cell as follows:

**absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation**

This specifies minimum threshold of the beam which can be used for
selection of the highest ranked cell, if *rangeToBestCell* is
configured.

**cellReselectionPriority**

This specifies the absolute priority for NR frequency or E-UTRAN
frequency.

**cellReselectionSubPriority**

This specifies the fractional priority value added to
cellReselectionPriority for NR frequency or E-UTRAN frequency.

**Qoffset~s,n~**

This specifies the offset between the two cells.

**Qoffset~frequency~**

Frequency specific offset for equal priority NR frequencies.

**Q~hyst~**

This specifies the hysteresis value for ranking criteria.

**Qoffset~temp~**

This specifies the additional offset to be used for cell selection and
re-selection. It is temporarily used in case the RRC Connection
Establishment fails on the cell as specified in TS 38.331 \[3\].

**Q~qualmin~**

This specifies the minimum required quality level in the cell in dB.

**Q~rxlevmin~**

This specifies the minimum required Rx level in the cell in dBm.

**Q~rxlevminoffsetcell~**

This specifies the cell specific Rx level offset in dB to Qrxlevmin.

**Q~qualminoffsetcell~**

This specifies the cell specific quality level offset in dB to Qqualmin.

**rangeToBestCell**

This specifies the R value range which the cells whose R value is within
the range can be a candidate for the highest ranked cell.

**Treselection~RAT~**

This specifies the cell reselection timer value. For each target NR
frequency and for each RAT other than NR, a specific value for the cell
reselection timer is defined, which is applicable when evaluating
reselection within NR or towards other RAT (i.e. Treselection~RAT~ for
NR is Treselection~NR~, for E-UTRAN Treselection~EUTRA~).

NOTE: Treselection~RAT~ is not broadcast in system information but used
in reselection rules by the UE for each RAT.

**Treselection~NR~**

This specifies the cell reselection timer value Treselection~RAT~ for
NR. The parameter can be set per NR frequency as specified in TS 38.331
\[3\].

**Treselection~EUTRA~**

This specifies the cell reselection timer value Treselection~RAT~ for
E-UTRAN.

**Thresh~X,\ HighP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) used by the UE when
reselecting towards a higher priority RAT/ frequency than the current
serving frequency. Each frequency of NR and E-UTRAN might have a
specific threshold.

**Thresh~X,\ HighQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) used by the UE when
reselecting towards a higher priority RAT/ frequency than the current
serving frequency. Each frequency of NR and E-UTRAN might have a
specific threshold.

**Thresh~X,\ LowP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) used by the UE when
reselecting towards a lower priority RAT/ frequency than the current
serving frequency. Each frequency of NR and E-UTRAN might have a
specific threshold.

**Thresh~X,\ LowQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) used by the UE when
reselecting towards a lower priority RAT/ frequency than the current
serving frequency. Each frequency of NR and E-UTRAN might have a
specific threshold.

**Thresh~Serving,\ LowP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) used by the UE on the
serving cell when reselecting towards a lower priority RAT/ frequency.

**Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) used by the UE on the serving
cell when reselecting towards a lower priority RAT/ frequency.

**S~IntraSearchP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) for intra-frequency
measurements.

**S~IntraSearchQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) for intra-frequency
measurements.

**S~nonIntraSearchP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) for NR inter-frequency and
inter-RAT measurements.

**S~nonIntraSearchQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) for NR inter-frequency and
inter-RAT measurements.

5.2.4.7.1 Speed dependent reselection parameters

Speed dependent reselection parameters are broadcast in system
information and are read from the serving cell as follows:

**T~CRmax~**

This specifies the duration for evaluating allowed amount of cell
reselection(s).

**N~CR\_M~**

This specifies the maximum number of cell reselections to enter
Medium-mobility state.

**N~CR\_H~**

This specifies the maximum number of cell reselections to enter
High-mobility state.

**T~CRmaxHyst~**

This specifies the additional time period before the UE can enter
Normal-mobility state.

**Speed dependent ScalingFactor for Qhyst**

This specifies scaling factor for Qhyst in *sf-High* for High-mobility
state and *sf-Medium* for Medium-mobility state.

**Speed dependent ScalingFactor for Treselection~NR~**

This specifies scaling factor for Treselection~NR~ in *sf-High* for
High-mobility state and *sf-Medium* for Medium-mobility state.

**Speed dependent ScalingFactor for Treselection~EUTRA~**

This specifies scaling factor for Treselection~EUTRA~ in *sf-High* for
High-mobility state and *sf-Medium* for Medium-mobility state.

##### 6.1.2.22.3 Test description {#test-description-27 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.22.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-27 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-20 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 3.

\- System information combination NR-4 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
Table 4.4.3.1.2-1, and message contents defined in clause 4.6.1 and
clause 4.6.2 with QBASED condition is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-27 .H6}

None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-28 .H6}

\- The UE is in state 1N-A on NR Cell 1(serving cell) according to TS
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-1.

##### 6.1.2.22.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-27 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.22.3.2-1/2 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the NR cells at various time
instants of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values
shall be applied are described in the texts in this clause. The
configuration \"T0\" indicates the initial conditions. Subsequent
configurations marked \"T1\" and \"T2\" are applied at the points
indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table 6.1.2.22.3.2-3.

Table 6.1.2.22.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | P        | Unit    | NR Cell  | NR Cell  | Remark   |
|          | arameter |         | 1        | 3        |          |
+==========+==========+=========+==========+==========+==========+
| T0       | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS | -88      | Off      | The      |
|          |          |         |          |          | power    |
|          | SSS EPRE |         |          |          | level    |
|          |          |         |          |          | values   |
|          |          |         |          |          | are      |
|          |          |         |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |         |          |          | to       |
|          |          |         |          |          | ensure   |
|          |          |         |          |          | the UE   |
|          |          |         |          |          | re       |
|          |          |         |          |          | gistered |
|          |          |         |          |          | on NR    |
|          |          |         |          |          | Cell 1.  |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| T1       | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS | -88      | -88      | The      |
|          |          |         |          |          | power    |
|          | SSS EPRE |         |          |          | level    |
|          |          |         |          |          | values   |
|          |          |         |          |          | are      |
|          |          |         |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |         |          |          | to       |
|          |          |         |          |          | satisfy  |
|          |          |         |          |          | Srx      |
|          |          |         |          |          | lev~NR\  |
|          |          |         |          |          | Cell\ 1~ |
|          |          |         |          |          | \> 0,    |
|          |          |         |          |          | Srx      |
|          |          |         |          |          | lev~NR\  |
|          |          |         |          |          | Cell\ 3~ |
|          |          |         |          |          | \<       |
|          |          |         |          |          | Thre     |
|          |          |         |          |          | sh~NR\ C |
|          |          |         |          |          | ell\ 3,\ |
|          |          |         |          |          |  highP~, |
|          |          |         |          |          | Sq       |
|          |          |         |          |          | ual~NR\  |
|          |          |         |          |          | Cell\ 1~ |
|          |          |         |          |          | \> 0 and |
|          |          |         |          |          | Sq       |
|          |          |         |          |          | ual~NR\  |
|          |          |         |          |          | Cell\ 3~ |
|          |          |         |          |          | \>       |
|          |          |         |          |          | Thre     |
|          |          |         |          |          | sh~NR\ C |
|          |          |         |          |          | ell\ 3,\ |
|          |          |         |          |          |  highQ~. |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RSRQ     | dB      | -10.76   | -10.76   |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Qqualmin | dB      | -20      | -20      |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Q        | dBm     | -106     | -106     |          |
|          | rxlevmin |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Noc      | dBm/SCS | -145     | -145     |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| T2       | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS | -88      | -94      | The      |
|          |          |         |          |          | power    |
|          | SSS EPRE |         |          |          | level    |
|          |          |         |          |          | values   |
|          |          |         |          |          | are      |
|          |          |         |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |         |          |          | to       |
|          |          |         |          |          | satisfy  |
|          |          |         |          |          | Srx      |
|          |          |         |          |          | lev~NR\  |
|          |          |         |          |          | Cell\ 3~ |
|          |          |         |          |          | \>       |
|          |          |         |          |          | Thresh   |
|          |          |         |          |          | ~serving |
|          |          |         |          |          | ,\ lowP~ |
|          |          |         |          |          | and      |
|          |          |         |          |          | Sq       |
|          |          |         |          |          | ual~NR\  |
|          |          |         |          |          | Cell\ 1~ |
|          |          |         |          |          | \>       |
|          |          |         |          |          | Thr      |
|          |          |         |          |          | esh~NR\  |
|          |          |         |          |          | Cell\ 1, |
|          |          |         |          |          | \ lowQ~. |
|          |          |         |          |          | But      |
|          |          |         |          |          | Sq       |
|          |          |         |          |          | ual~NR\  |
|          |          |         |          |          | Cell\ 3~ |
|          |          |         |          |          | is       |
|          |          |         |          |          | larger   |
|          |          |         |          |          | than     |
|          |          |         |          |          | Thresh   |
|          |          |         |          |          | ~serving |
|          |          |         |          |          | ,\ lowQ~ |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RSRQ     | dB      | -10.76   | -10.76   |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Qqualmin | dB      | -20      | -20      |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Q        | dBm     | -106     | -106     |          |
|          | rxlevmin |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Noc      | dBm/SCS | -145     | -145     |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| T3       | t        | dB      | 4        | 26       | The      |
|          | hreshSer |         |          |          | values   |
|          | vingLowQ |         |          |          | are      |
|          |          |         |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |         |          |          | to       |
|          |          |         |          |          | satisfy  |
|          |          |         |          |          | Sq       |
|          |          |         |          |          | ual~NR\  |
|          |          |         |          |          | Cell\ 3~ |
|          |          |         |          |          | \<       |
|          |          |         |          |          | Thresh   |
|          |          |         |          |          | ~serving |
|          |          |         |          |          | ,\ lowQ~ |
|          |          |         |          |          | and      |
|          |          |         |          |          | Sq       |
|          |          |         |          |          | ual~NR\  |
|          |          |         |          |          | Cell\ 3~ |
|          |          |         |          |          | \<       |
|          |          |         |          |          | Thre     |
|          |          |         |          |          | sh~NR\ C |
|          |          |         |          |          | ell\ 3,\ |
|          |          |         |          |          |  highQ~. |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | thres    | dB      | 20       | \-       |          |
|          | hX-HighQ |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note:    |          |         |          |          |          |
| Power    |          |         |          |          |          |
| level    |          |         |          |          |          |
| "Off" is |          |         |          |          |          |
| defined  |          |         |          |          |          |
| in       |          |         |          |          |          |
| TS       |          |         |          |          |          |
| 38.508-1 |          |         |          |          |          |
| \[4\]    |          |         |          |          |          |
| Table    |          |         |          |          |          |
| 6.       |          |         |          |          |          |
| 2.2.1-3. |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 6.1.2.22.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | P        | Unit    | NR Cell  | NR Cell  | Remark   |
|          | arameter |         | 1        | 3        |          |
+==========+==========+=========+==========+==========+==========+
| T0       | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS | -82      | Off      | The      |
|          |          |         |          |          | power    |
|          | SSS EPRE |         |          |          | level    |
|          |          |         |          |          | values   |
|          |          |         |          |          | are      |
|          |          |         |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |         |          |          | to       |
|          |          |         |          |          | ensure   |
|          |          |         |          |          | the UE   |
|          |          |         |          |          | re       |
|          |          |         |          |          | gistered |
|          |          |         |          |          | on NR    |
|          |          |         |          |          | Cell 1.  |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| T1       | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS | -82      | -82      | The      |
|          |          |         |          |          | power    |
|          | SSS EPRE |         |          |          | level    |
|          |          |         |          |          | values   |
|          |          |         |          |          | are      |
|          |          |         |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |         |          |          | to       |
|          |          |         |          |          | satisfy  |
|          |          |         |          |          | Srx      |
|          |          |         |          |          | lev~NR\  |
|          |          |         |          |          | Cell\ 1~ |
|          |          |         |          |          | \> 0,    |
|          |          |         |          |          | Srx      |
|          |          |         |          |          | lev~NR\  |
|          |          |         |          |          | Cell\ 3~ |
|          |          |         |          |          | \<       |
|          |          |         |          |          | Thre     |
|          |          |         |          |          | sh~NR\ C |
|          |          |         |          |          | ell\ 3,\ |
|          |          |         |          |          |  highP~, |
|          |          |         |          |          | Sq       |
|          |          |         |          |          | ual~NR\  |
|          |          |         |          |          | Cell\ 1~ |
|          |          |         |          |          | \> 0 and |
|          |          |         |          |          | Sq       |
|          |          |         |          |          | ual~NR\  |
|          |          |         |          |          | Cell\ 3~ |
|          |          |         |          |          | \>       |
|          |          |         |          |          | Thre     |
|          |          |         |          |          | sh~NR\ C |
|          |          |         |          |          | ell\ 3,\ |
|          |          |         |          |          |  highQ~. |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RSRQ     | dB      | -10.76   | -10.76   |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Qqualmin | dB      | -20      | -20      |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Q        | dBm     | -106     | -106     |          |
|          | rxlevmin |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Noc      | dBm/SCS | -145     | -145     |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| T2       | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS | -82      | -91      | The      |
|          |          |         |          |          | power    |
|          | SSS EPRE |         |          |          | level    |
|          |          |         |          |          | values   |
|          |          |         |          |          | are      |
|          |          |         |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |         |          |          | to       |
|          |          |         |          |          | satisfy  |
|          |          |         |          |          | Srx      |
|          |          |         |          |          | lev~NR\  |
|          |          |         |          |          | Cell\ 3~ |
|          |          |         |          |          | \>       |
|          |          |         |          |          | Thresh   |
|          |          |         |          |          | ~serving |
|          |          |         |          |          | ,\ lowP~ |
|          |          |         |          |          | and      |
|          |          |         |          |          | Sq       |
|          |          |         |          |          | ual~NR\  |
|          |          |         |          |          | Cell\ 1~ |
|          |          |         |          |          | \>       |
|          |          |         |          |          | Thr      |
|          |          |         |          |          | esh~NR\  |
|          |          |         |          |          | Cell\ 1, |
|          |          |         |          |          | \ lowQ~. |
|          |          |         |          |          | But      |
|          |          |         |          |          | Sq       |
|          |          |         |          |          | ual~NR\  |
|          |          |         |          |          | Cell\ 3~ |
|          |          |         |          |          | is       |
|          |          |         |          |          | larger   |
|          |          |         |          |          | than     |
|          |          |         |          |          | Thresh   |
|          |          |         |          |          | ~serving |
|          |          |         |          |          | ,\ lowQ~ |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RSRQ     | dB      | -10.76   | -10.76   |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Qqualmin | dB      | -20      | -20      |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Q        | dBm     | -106     | -106     |          |
|          | rxlevmin |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Noc      | dBm/SCS | -145     | -145     |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| T3       | t        | dB      | 4        | 26       | The      |
|          | hreshSer |         |          |          | values   |
|          | vingLowQ |         |          |          | are      |
|          |          |         |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |         |          |          | to       |
|          |          |         |          |          | satisfy  |
|          |          |         |          |          | Sq       |
|          |          |         |          |          | ual~NR\  |
|          |          |         |          |          | Cell\ 3~ |
|          |          |         |          |          | \<       |
|          |          |         |          |          | Thresh   |
|          |          |         |          |          | ~serving |
|          |          |         |          |          | ,\ lowQ~ |
|          |          |         |          |          | and      |
|          |          |         |          |          | Sq       |
|          |          |         |          |          | ual~NR\  |
|          |          |         |          |          | Cell\ 3~ |
|          |          |         |          |          | \<       |
|          |          |         |          |          | Thre     |
|          |          |         |          |          | sh~NR\ C |
|          |          |         |          |          | ell\ 3,\ |
|          |          |         |          |          |  highQ~. |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | thres    | dB      | 20       | \-       |          |
|          | hX-HighQ |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note:    |          |         |          |          |          |
| The      |          |         |          |          |          |
| downlink |          |         |          |          |          |
| signal   |          |         |          |          |          |
| level    |          |         |          |          |          |
| unc      |          |         |          |          |          |
| ertainty |          |         |          |          |          |
| is       |          |         |          |          |          |
| s        |          |         |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |         |          |          |          |
| in TS    |          |         |          |          |          |
| 38.508-1 |          |         |          |          |          |
| \[4\]    |          |         |          |          |          |
| clause   |          |         |          |          |          |
| 6.2.2.1. |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 6.1.2.22.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| St        | Procedure | Message   | TP        | Verdict |    |
|           |           | Sequence  |           |         |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+=========+====+
|           |           | U -- S    | Message   |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1         | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | changes   |           |           |         |    |
|           | NR Cell 3 |           |           |         |    |
|           | SS/PBCH   |           |           |         |    |
|           | EPRE      |           |           |         |    |
|           | level     |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | row       |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"T1\" in |           |           |         |    |
|           | table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.2.22  |           |           |         |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 2         | Wait for  | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | 34        |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[FR1\]/1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | 30\[FR2\] |           |           |         |    |
|           | seconds   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to allow  |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE to     |           |           |         |    |
|           | recognise |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | change.   |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[Note\]  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 3         | Check:    | \-        | \-        | 1       | \- |
|           | Does the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | result of |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.4.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | indicate  |           |           |         |    |
|           | that the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE is     |           |           |         |    |
|           | camped on |           |           |         |    |
|           | NR Cell   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 3?        |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 4         | The SS    | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | changes   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the SSS   |           |           |         |    |
|           | level     |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | row       |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"T2\" in |           |           |         |    |
|           | table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.2.22  |           |           |         |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 5         | Wait for  | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | 8 seconds |           |           |         |    |
|           | to allow  |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE to     |           |           |         |    |
|           | recognise |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | change.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 6         | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *Paging*  |         |    |
|           | a         |           |           |         |    |
|           | *Paging*  |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 6A        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 2       | F  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |         |    |
|           | UE send   |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1    |           |           |         |    |
|           | within    |           |           |         |    |
|           | the next  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 10s?      |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 7         | The SS    | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | changes   |           |           |         |    |
|           | threshSe  |           |           |         |    |
|           | rvingLowQ |           |           |         |    |
|           | of NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 3    |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | row       |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"T3\" in |           |           |         |    |
|           | table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.2.22  |           |           |         |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |         |    |
|           | The       |           |           |         |    |
|           | *         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ValueTag* |           |           |         |    |
|           | of *SIB2* |           |           |         |    |
|           | in the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | SI-Sched  |           |           |         |    |
|           | ulingInfo |           |           |         |    |
|           | of *SIB1* |           |           |         |    |
|           | is        |           |           |         |    |
|           | increased |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 3.   |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | The SS    |           |           |         |    |
|           | changes   |           |           |         |    |
|           | thre      |           |           |         |    |
|           | shX-HighQ |           |           |         |    |
|           | of NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1    |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | row       |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"T3\" in |           |           |         |    |
|           | table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.2.22  |           |           |         |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |         |    |
|           | The       |           |           |         |    |
|           | *         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ValueTag* |           |           |         |    |
|           | of *SIB4* |           |           |         |    |
|           | in the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | SI-Sched  |           |           |         |    |
|           | ulingInfo |           |           |         |    |
|           | of *SIB1* |           |           |         |    |
|           | is        |           |           |         |    |
|           | increased |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1.   |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | The SS    |           |           |         |    |
|           | notifies  |           |           |         |    |
|           | the UE of |           |           |         |    |
|           | change of |           |           |         |    |
|           | System    |           |           |         |    |
|           | In        |           |           |         |    |
|           | formation |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 3    |           |           |         |    |
|           | and Cell  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 1 by send |           |           |         |    |
|           | SM on     |           |           |         |    |
|           | PDCCH     |           |           |         |    |
|           | using     |           |           |         |    |
|           | P-RNTI.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 8         | Wait for  | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | 2.1\*     |           |           |         |    |
|           | mod       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ification |           |           |         |    |
|           | period to |           |           |         |    |
|           | allow the |           |           |         |    |
|           | new       |           |           |         |    |
|           | system    |           |           |         |    |
|           | in        |           |           |         |    |
|           | formation |           |           |         |    |
|           | to take   |           |           |         |    |
|           | effect.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 9         | Check:    | \-        | \-        | 2       | \- |
|           | Does the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | result of |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.4.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | indicate  |           |           |         |    |
|           | that the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE is     |           |           |         |    |
|           | camped on |           |           |         |    |
|           | NR Cell   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 1?        |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| Note: The |           |           |           |         |    |
| wait time |           |           |           |         |    |
| at step 2 |           |           |           |         |    |
| is        |           |           |           |         |    |
| Kcarrier\ |           |           |           |         |    |
| *Tdetect, |           |           |           |         |    |
| NR\_Inter |           |           |           |         |    |
| (as per   |           |           |           |         |    |
| TS 38.133 |           |           |           |         |    |
| \[30\],   |           |           |           |         |    |
| clause    |           |           |           |         |    |
| 4.2.2.4)  |           |           |           |         |    |
| plus the  |           |           |           |         |    |
| time to   |           |           |           |         |    |
| read the  |           |           |           |         |    |
| system    |           |           |           |         |    |
| in        |           |           |           |         |    |
| formation |           |           |           |         |    |
| TSI-NR.   |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+

##### 6.1.2.22.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-26 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.22.3.3-1: Conditions for specific message contents in Tables
below

  Condition   Explanation
  ----------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
  NR Cell 1   This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 1.
  NR Cell 3   This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 3.

Table 6.1.2.22.3.3-2: *SIB2 of NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 3* (preamble and
all steps, Table 6.1.2.22.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB2 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {           1 entry                  
  threshServingLowP                                   1              2 dB      NR Cell 3
  threshServingLowQ                                   4              4 dB      
  cellReselectionPriority                             5                        NR Cell 3
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            

Table 6.1.2.22.3.3-3: *SIB4 of NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 3* (preamble and
all steps, Table 6.1.2.22.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                            
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------- ---------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                   Value/remark                                Comment    Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                          
  interFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo {   1 entry                                                
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                          entry 1    
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 3              NR Cell 1
                                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 1              NR Cell 3
  q-RxLevMin                                                                            -50                                         -100 dBm   
  q-QualMin                                                                             -20                                         -20 dB     
  t-ReselectionNR                                                                       1                                                      
  threshX-HighP                                                                         10                                          20 dBm     NR Cell 1
  threshX-Q SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                         
  threshX-HighQ                                                                         4                                           4 dB       NR Cell 1
  threshX-LowQ                                                                          2                                           2 dB       NR Cell 3
  }                                                                                                                                            
  cellReselectionPriority                                                               5                                                      NR Cell 1
                                                                                        4                                                      NR Cell 3
  }                                                                                                                                            
  }                                                                                                                                            
  }                                                                                                                                            

Table 6.1.2.22.3.3-4: SIB1 of NR Cell 3 (step 7, Table 6.1.2.22.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                 
  ---------------------------------------------------- ------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark        Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                
  si-SchedulingInfo                                    SI-SchedulingInfo             
  }                                                                                  

Table 6.1.2.22.3.3-5: SI-SchedulingInfo (si-SchedulingInfo in Table
6.1.2.22.3.3-4)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.3-173                                                 
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                        Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SI-SchedulingInfo ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                    
  schedulingInfoList SEQUENCE (SIZE(1..maxSI-Message)) OF SchedulingInfo {   1 entry                  
  SchedulingInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                            entry 1   
  sib-MappingInfo SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSIB)) OF SIB-TypeInfo {              1 entry                  
  SIB-TypeInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                              entry 1   
  type                                                                       sibType2                 
  valueTag                                                                   1                        
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   

Table 6.1.2.22.3.3-6: SIB2 of NR Cell 3 (step 7, Table 6.1.2.22.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB2::= SEQUENCE {                                                           
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {           1 entry                  
  threshServingLowQ                                   26             26 dB     
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            

Table 6.1.2.22.3.3-7: SIB1 of NR Cell 1 (step 7, Table 6.1.2.22.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                 
  ---------------------------------------------------- ------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark        Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                
  si-SchedulingInfo                                    SI-SchedulingInfo             
  }                                                                                  

Table 6.1.2.22.3.3-8: SI-SchedulingInfo (si-SchedulingInfo in Table
6.1.2.22.3.3-7)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.3-173                                                 
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                        Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SI-SchedulingInfo ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                    
  schedulingInfoList SEQUENCE (SIZE(1..maxSI-Message)) OF SchedulingInfo {   1 entry                  
  SchedulingInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                            entry 1   
  sib-MappingInfo SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSIB)) OF SIB-TypeInfo {              1 entry                  
  SIB-TypeInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                              entry 1   
  type                                                                       sibType4                 
  valueTag                                                                   1                        
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   

Table 6.1.2.22.3.3-9: *SIB4 of NR Cell 1* (step 7, Table 6.1.2.22.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                           
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                   Value/remark                                Comment   Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                         
  interFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo {   1 entry                                               
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                          entry 1   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 3             
  threshX-Q SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                        
  threshX-HighQ                                                                         20                                          20dB      
  }                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                           

#### 6.1.2.23 Cell reselection / MFBI

##### 6.1.2.23.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-28 .H6}

##### (0) {#section-65 .H6}

**with** { UE is switched off }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is switched on a MFBI cell with the SIB1 of the first
frequency band indicated in freqBandIndicator is not supported by UE and
the second frequency band indicated in freqBandIndicator is supported by
UE}

**then** { the UE selects the cell}

}

##### (1) {#section-66 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { an equal priority NG-RAN Intra-frequency neighbouring cell
which has been included in the frequencyBandList provided by the serving
cell becomes available, and, is better ranked than the serving cell
during a time interval TreselectionNR, and, more than 1 second has
elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving cell }

**then** { the UE reselects the new cell}

##### (2) {#section-67 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { an equal priority NG-RAN Inter-frequency neighbouring cell
which has been included in the frequencyBandList provided by the serving
cell becomes available, and, is better ranked than the serving cell
during a time interval TreselectionNR, and, more than 1 second has
elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving cell }

**then** { the UE reselects the new cell}

##### (3) {#section-68 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { an equal priority NG-RAN Inter-band neighbouring cell which
has been included in the frequencyBandList provided by the serving cell
becomes available, and, is better ranked than the serving cell during a
time interval TreselectionNR, and, more than 1 second has elapsed since
the UE camped on the current serving cell }

**then** { the UE reselects the new cell}

##### 6.1.2.23.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-28 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.2, 5.2.4.5, 5.2.4.6 and TS 38.331,
clause 5.2.2.4.2. Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.2\]

Following rules are used by the UE to limit needed measurements:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~IntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~IntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform intra-frequency
measurements.

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform intra-frequency measurements.

\- The UE shall apply the following rules for NR inter-frequencies and
inter-RAT frequencies which are indicated in system information and for
which the UE has priority provided as defined in 5.2.4.1:

\- For a NR inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequency with a reselection
priority higher than the reselection priority of the current NR
frequency, the UE shall perform measurements of higher priority NR
inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequencies according to TS 38.133 \[8\].

\- For a NR inter-frequency with an equal or lower reselection priority
than the reselection priority of the current NR frequency and for
inter-RAT frequency with lower reselection priority than the reselection
priority of the current NR frequency:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform measurements of NR
inter-frequencies or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower
priority;

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform measurements of NR inter-frequencies
or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower priority according to TS
38.133 \[8\].

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.5\]

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is broadcast in system information and more
than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving
cell, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority NR or EUTRAN RAT/frequency fulfils Squal
\> Thresh~X,\ HighQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority NR frequency
or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \>
Thresh~X,\ HighP~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

\- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

Cell reselection to a cell on an equal priority NR frequency shall be
based on ranking for intra-frequency cell reselection as defined in
clause 5.2.4.6.

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is broadcast in system information and more
than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving
cell, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Squal \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~ and a cell
of a lower priority NR or E-UTRAN RAT/ frequency fulfils Squal \>
Thresh~X,\ LowQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~.

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority NR frequency
or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Srxlev \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowP~ and a cell
of a lower priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \> Thresh~X,\ LowP~
during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

> \- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
> serving cell.

Cell reselection to a higher priority RAT/frequency shall take
precedence over a lower priority RAT/frequency if multiple cells of
different priorities fulfil the cell reselection criteria.

If more than one cell meets the above criteria, the UE shall reselect a
cell as follows:

\- If the highest-priority frequency is an NR frequency, the highest
ranked cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies)
meeting the criteria according to clause 5.2.4.6;

\- If the highest-priority frequency is from another RAT, the strongest
cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies) meeting the
criteria of that RAT.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.6\]

The cell-ranking criterion R~s~ for serving cell and R~n~ for
neighbouring cells is defined by:

+-------------------------------------------+
| R~s~ = Q~meas,s~ +Q~hyst~ - Qoffset~temp~ |
|                                           |
| R~n~ = Q~meas,n~ -Qoffset - Qoffset~temp~ |
+-------------------------------------------+

where:

+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Q~meas~       | RSRP measurement quantity used in cell              |
|               | reselections.                                       |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset       | For intra-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~, if     |
|               | Qoffset~s,n~ is valid, otherwise this equals to     |
|               | zero.                                               |
|               |                                                     |
|               | For inter-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~ plus    |
|               | Qoffset~frequency~, if Qoffset~s,n~ is valid,       |
|               | otherwise this equals to Qoffset~frequency~.        |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset~temp~ | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as specified   |
|               | in TS 38.331 \[3\].                                 |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

The UE shall perform ranking of all cells that fulfil the cell selection
criterion S, which is defined in 5.2.3.2.

The cells shall be ranked according to the R criteria specified above by
deriving Q~meas,n~ and Q~meas,s~ and calculating the R values using
averaged RSRP results.

If *rangeToBestCell* is not configured, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell. If this cell is found to be
not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to clause 5.2.4.4.

If *rangeToBestCell* is configured*,* then the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the cell with the highest number of beams above the
threshold (i.e. *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation*) among the cells whose
R value is within *rangeToBestCell* of the R value of the highest ranked
cell. If there are multiple such cells, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell among them. If this cell is found
to be not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to clause 5.2.4.4.

In all cases, the UE shall reselect the new cell, only if the following
conditions are met:

\- the new cell is better than the serving cell according to the cell
reselection criteria specified above during a time interval
Treselection~RAT~;

\- more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

NOTE: If *rangeToBestCell* is configured but
*absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* is not configured on an NR frequency,
the UE considers that there is one beam above the threshold for each
cell on that frequency.

\[TS 38.331, clause 5.2.2.4.2\]

Upon receiving the *SIB1* the UE shall:

1\> store the acquired *SIB1*;

...

1\> if in RRC\_CONNECTED while T311 is not running:

2\> disregard the *frequencyBandList*, if received, while in
RRC\_CONNECTED;

2\> forward the *cellIdentity* to upper layers;

2\> forward the *trackingAreaCode* to upper layers;

2\> apply the configuration included in the *servingCellConfigCommon*;

1\> else:

2\> if the UE supports one or more of the frequency bands indicated in
the *frequencyBandList* for downlink, and one or more of the frequency
bands indicated in the *frequencyBandList* for uplink for FDD, and they
are not downlink only bands, and

2\> if the UE supports at least one *additionalSpectrumEmission* in the
*NR-NS-PmaxList* for a supported band in the downlink and a supported
band in uplink for FDD, and

2\> if the UE supports the bandwidth of the initial uplink BWP and of
the initial downlink BWPs indicated in the *locationAndBandwidth* fields
in *uplinkConfigCommon*:

3\> select the first frequency band in the *frequencyBandList* which the
UE supports and for which the UE supports at least one of the
*additionalSpectrumEmission* values in *nr-NS-PmaxList*, if present;

3\> forward the *cellIdentity* to upper layers;

3\> forward the *trackingAreaCode* to upper layers;

3\> forward the PLMN identity to upper layers;

...

2\> else:

3\> consider the cell as barred in accordance with TS 38.304 \[20\]; and

3\> perform barring as if intraFreqReselection is set to notAllowed;

##### 6.1.2.23.3 Test description {#test-description-28 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.23.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-28 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-21 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2, NR Cell 3 and NR Cell 10 are configured
according to TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.2-3. NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 and
NR Cell 3 are MFBI capable cells.

\- Cell 1 belongs to the frequency which overlaps between bands
controlled by IXITs px\_NR\_OverlappingNotSupportedBand\_MFBI and
px\_NR\_PrimaryBand.

\- Cell 10 is defined by IXIT px\_NR\_SecondaryBand.

\- Cell 2 belongs to the frequency which overlaps between bands
controlled by IXITs px\_NR\_OverlappingNotSupportedBand\_MFBI and
px\_NR\_PrimaryBand.

\- Cell 3 belongs to the frequency which overlaps between bands
controlled by IXITs px\_NR\_OverlappingNotSupportedBand\_MFBI and
px\_NR\_PrimaryBand.

\- System information combination NR-4 as defined in TS 38.508 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-28 .H6}

\- UE does not support the px\_NR\_OverlappingNotSupportedBand\_MFBI
band.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-29 .H6}

\- UE is in state Switched OFF (state 0N-B) according to 38.508-1 \[4\].

##### 6.1.2.23.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-28 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.23.3.2-1/2 illustrate the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the cells at various time instants
of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause. The configuration
marked \"T1\", \"T2\", \"T3\", \"T4\" and \"T5\" are applied at the
points indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table
6.1.2.23.3.2-3.

*Table 6.1.2.23.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for* conducted test environment

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | Para  | Unit  | NR    | NR    | NR    | NR    | R     |
|       | meter |       | Cell  | Cell  | Cell  | Cell  | emark |
|       |       |       | 1     | 2     | 3     | 10    |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T1    | SS    | dB    | -88   | "Off" | "Off" | "Off" | The   |
|       | /PBCH | m/SCS |       |       |       |       | power |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | level |
|       | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
|       | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ass   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | igned |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nsure |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | UE    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | regis |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tered |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on NR |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Cell  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1.    |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T2    | SS    | dB    | -94   | -88   | "Off" | "Off" | The   |
|       | /PBCH | m/SCS |       |       |       |       | power |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | level |
|       | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
|       | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | set   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | so    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | R~Cel |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l\ 1~ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | \<    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | R     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ~Cell |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | \ 2~. |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T3    | SS    | dB    | \"    | -94   | -80   | "Off" | The   |
|       | /PBCH | m/SCS | Off\" |       |       |       | power |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | level |
|       | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
|       | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | set   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | so    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | R~Cel |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l\ 1~ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | \<    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | R     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ~Cell |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | \ 3~. |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T4    | SS    | dB    | "Off" | "Off" | -94   | -80   | The   |
|       | /PBCH | m/SCS |       |       |       |       | power |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | level |
|       | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
|       | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ass   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | igned |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nsure |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | UE    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | regis |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tered |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on NR |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Cell  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 10.   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T5    | SS    | dB    | -80   | "Off" | "Off" | -94   | The   |
|       | /PBCH | m/SCS |       |       |       |       | power |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | level |
|       | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
|       | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | set   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | so    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | R     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ~Cell |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | \ 10~ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | \<    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | R     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ~Cell |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | \ 1~. |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note: |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Power |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| level |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| "Off" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TS38. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 508-1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \[4\] |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Table |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6.2.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .1-3. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

*Table 6.1.2.23.3.2-2:* *Time instances of cell power level and
parameter changes for OTA* test environment

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | Para  | Unit  | NR    | NR    | NR    | NR    | R     |
|       | meter |       | Cell  | Cell  | Cell  | Cell  | emark |
|       |       |       | 1     | 2     | 3     | 10    |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T1    | SS    | dB    | -91   | "Off" | "Off" | "Off" | The   |
|       | /PBCH | m/SCS |       |       |       |       | power |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | level |
|       | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
|       | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ass   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | igned |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nsure |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | UE    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | regis |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tered |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on NR |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Cell  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1.    |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T2    | SS    | dB    | -91   | -82   | "Off" | "Off" | The   |
|       | /PBCH | m/SCS |       |       |       |       | power |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | level |
|       | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
|       | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | set   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | so    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | R~Cel |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l\ 1~ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | \<    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | R     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ~Cell |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | \ 2~. |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T3    | SS    | dB    | "Off" | -91   | -82   | "Off" | The   |
|       | /PBCH | m/SCS |       |       |       |       | power |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | level |
|       | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
|       | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | set   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | so    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | R~Cel |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | l\ 1~ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | \<    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | R     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ~Cell |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | \ 3~. |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T4    | SS    | dB    | "Off" | "Off" | -91   | -82   | The   |
|       | /PBCH | m/SCS |       |       |       |       | power |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | level |
|       | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
|       | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ass   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | igned |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | e     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | nsure |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | UE    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | regis |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | tered |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | on NR |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Cell  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 10.   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T5    | SS    | dB    | -82   | "Off" | "Off" | -91   | The   |
|       | /PBCH | m/SCS |       |       |       |       | power |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | level |
|       | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | v     |
|       | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | alues |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | are   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | set   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | so    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | that  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | R     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ~Cell |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | \ 10~ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | \<    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | R     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ~Cell |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | \ 1~. |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note: |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Power |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| level |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| "Off" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TS38. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 508-1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \[4\] |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Table |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6.2.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2-2. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

*Table 6.1.2.23.3.2-3: Main behaviour*

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| **St**    | **Pr      | **Message | **TP**    | **        |    |
|           | ocedure** | S         |           | Verdict** |    |
|           |           | equence** |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
|           |           | **U - S** | **        |           |    |
|           |           |           | Message** |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 1         | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | changes   |           |           |           |    |
|           | the       |           |           |           |    |
|           | SS/PBCH   |           |           |           |    |
|           | EPRE      |           |           |           |    |
|           | level     |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row    |           |           |           |    |
|           | \"T1\" in |           |           |           |    |
|           | table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.1.2.23  |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 2         | The UE is | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | switched  |           |           |           |    |
|           | on.       |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 3-22a1    | Steps 1   | \-        | \-        | 0         | P  |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |           |    |
|           | istration |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | described |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | are       |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1.   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 23        | Wait 1    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | second.   |           |           |           |    |
|           | (to       |           |           |           |    |
|           | ensure    |           |           |           |    |
|           | than 1    |           |           |           |    |
|           | second    |           |           |           |    |
|           | has       |           |           |           |    |
|           | elapsed   |           |           |           |    |
|           | since the |           |           |           |    |
|           | UE camped |           |           |           |    |
|           | on the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | current   |           |           |           |    |
|           | serving   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell)     |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 24        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | changes   |           |           |           |    |
|           | the       |           |           |           |    |
|           | SS/PBCH   |           |           |           |    |
|           | EPRE      |           |           |           |    |
|           | level     |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row    |           |           |           |    |
|           | \"T2\" in |           |           |           |    |
|           | table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.1.2.23  |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 24A       | Wait for  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 34s for   |           |           |           |    |
|           | FR1 or    |           |           |           |    |
|           | 130s for  |           |           |           |    |
|           | FR2 for   |           |           |           |    |
|           | the UE to |           |           |           |    |
|           | perform   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | re        |           |           |           |    |
|           | selection |           |           |           |    |
|           | p         |           |           |           |    |
|           | rocedure. |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 1)  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 25        | Check:    | \-        | \-        | 1         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           |           |           |    |
|           | test      |           |           |           |    |
|           | result of |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | test      |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
|           | clause    |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.9.4     |           |           |           |    |
|           | indicate  |           |           |           |    |
|           | that the  |           |           |           |    |
|           | UE is     |           |           |           |    |
|           | camped on |           |           |           |    |
|           | NR Cell   |           |           |           |    |
|           | 2?        |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 26        | Void      |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 27        | Void      |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 28        | Void      |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 29-48a1   | Void      |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 49        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | changes   |           |           |           |    |
|           | the       |           |           |           |    |
|           | SS/PBCH   |           |           |           |    |
|           | EPRE      |           |           |           |    |
|           | level     |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row    |           |           |           |    |
|           | \"T3\" in |           |           |           |    |
|           | table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.1.2.23  |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 50        | Wait for  | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | 34s for   |           |           |           |    |
|           | FR1 or    |           |           |           |    |
|           | 130s for  |           |           |           |    |
|           | FR2 for   |           |           |           |    |
|           | the UE to |           |           |           |    |
|           | perform   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | re        |           |           |           |    |
|           | selection |           |           |           |    |
|           | p         |           |           |           |    |
|           | rocedure. |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 2)  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 51        | Check:    | \-        | \-        | 2         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           |           |           |    |
|           | test      |           |           |           |    |
|           | result of |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | test      |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
|           | clause    |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.9.4     |           |           |           |    |
|           | indicate  |           |           |           |    |
|           | that the  |           |           |           |    |
|           | UE is     |           |           |           |    |
|           | camped on |           |           |           |    |
|           | NR Cell   |           |           |           |    |
|           | 3?        |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 52        | Void      |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 53        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | changes   |           |           |           |    |
|           | the       |           |           |           |    |
|           | SS/PBCH   |           |           |           |    |
|           | EPRE      |           |           |           |    |
|           | level     |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row    |           |           |           |    |
|           | \"T4\" in |           |           |           |    |
|           | table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.1.2.2   |           |           |           |    |
|           | 3.3.2-1/2 |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 54        | Void      |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 55-74a1   | Void      |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 75        | Wait for  | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | 34s for   |           |           |           |    |
|           | FR1 or    |           |           |           |    |
|           | 130s for  |           |           |           |    |
|           | FR2 for   |           |           |           |    |
|           | the UE to |           |           |           |    |
|           | perform   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | re        |           |           |           |    |
|           | selection |           |           |           |    |
|           | p         |           |           |           |    |
|           | rocedure. |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 2)  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 75A       | The test  |           |           |           |    |
|           | result of |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | test      |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
|           | clause    |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.9.4     |           |           |           |    |
|           | indicates |           |           |           |    |
|           | that the  |           |           |           |    |
|           | UE is     |           |           |           |    |
|           | camped on |           |           |           |    |
|           | NR Cell   |           |           |           |    |
|           | 10.       |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 76        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | changes   |           |           |           |    |
|           | the       |           |           |           |    |
|           | SS/PBCH   |           |           |           |    |
|           | EPRE      |           |           |           |    |
|           | level     |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row    |           |           |           |    |
|           | \"T5\" in |           |           |           |    |
|           | table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.1.2.23  |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 76A       | Wait for  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 34s for   |           |           |           |    |
|           | FR1 or    |           |           |           |    |
|           | 130s for  |           |           |           |    |
|           | FR2 for   |           |           |           |    |
|           | the UE to |           |           |           |    |
|           | perform   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | re        |           |           |           |    |
|           | selection |           |           |           |    |
|           | p         |           |           |           |    |
|           | rocedure. |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 2)  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 77        | Check:    | \-        | \-        | 3         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           |           |           |    |
|           | test      |           |           |           |    |
|           | result of |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | test      |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
|           | clause    |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.9.4     |           |           |           |    |
|           | indicate  |           |           |           |    |
|           | that the  |           |           |           |    |
|           | UE is     |           |           |           |    |
|           | camped on |           |           |           |    |
|           | NR Cell 1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | belonging |           |           |           |    |
|           | to the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | MFBI band |           |           |           |    |
|           | (px\      |           |           |           |    |
|           | _NR\_Prim |           |           |           |    |
|           | aryBand)? |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| The wait  |           |           |           |           |    |
| time for  |           |           |           |           |    |
| re        |           |           |           |           |    |
| selection |           |           |           |           |    |
| to a      |           |           |           |           |    |
| newly     |           |           |           |           |    |
| detected  |           |           |           |           |    |
| intra     |           |           |           |           |    |
| frequency |           |           |           |           |    |
| cell is   |           |           |           |           |    |
| selected  |           |           |           |           |    |
| to cover  |           |           |           |           |    |
| T         |           |           |           |           |    |
| ~detect,N |           |           |           |           |    |
| R\_Intra~ |           |           |           |           |    |
| (25\*1    |           |           |           |           |    |
| 280ms=32s |           |           |           |           |    |
| for FR1   |           |           |           |           |    |
| and       |           |           |           |           |    |
| 25\*4\*12 |           |           |           |           |    |
| 80ms=128s |           |           |           |           |    |
| for FR2)  |           |           |           |           |    |
| +         |           |           |           |           |    |
| T~SI-NR~  |           |           |           |           |    |
| (11280ms= |           |           |           |           |    |
| fo FR2    |           |           |           |           |    |
| 1.28s for |           |           |           |           |    |
| FR1 and   |           |           |           |           |    |
| FR2) =    |           |           |           |           |    |
| 33.28s    |           |           |           |           |    |
| rounded   |           |           |           |           |    |
| up to 34s |           |           |           |           |    |
| for FR1   |           |           |           |           |    |
| and       |           |           |           |           |    |
| 129.28s   |           |           |           |           |    |
| rounded   |           |           |           |           |    |
| up to     |           |           |           |           |    |
| 130s for  |           |           |           |           |    |
| FR2.      |           |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| The wait  |           |           |           |           |    |
| time for  |           |           |           |           |    |
| re        |           |           |           |           |    |
| selection |           |           |           |           |    |
| to a      |           |           |           |           |    |
| newly     |           |           |           |           |    |
| detected  |           |           |           |           |    |
| inter     |           |           |           |           |    |
| frequency |           |           |           |           |    |
| cell is   |           |           |           |           |    |
| selected  |           |           |           |           |    |
| to cover  |           |           |           |           |    |
| T         |           |           |           |           |    |
| ~detect,N |           |           |           |           |    |
| R\_Inter~ |           |           |           |           |    |
| (25\*1    |           |           |           |           |    |
| 280ms=32s |           |           |           |           |    |
| for FR1   |           |           |           |           |    |
| and       |           |           |           |           |    |
| 25\*4\*12 |           |           |           |           |    |
| 80ms=128s |           |           |           |           |    |
| for FR2)  |           |           |           |           |    |
| +         |           |           |           |           |    |
| T~SI-NR~  |           |           |           |           |    |
| (1.28s    |           |           |           |           |    |
| for FR1   |           |           |           |           |    |
| and FR2)  |           |           |           |           |    |
| = 33.28s  |           |           |           |           |    |
| rounded   |           |           |           |           |    |
| up to 34s |           |           |           |           |    |
| for FR1   |           |           |           |           |    |
| and       |           |           |           |           |    |
| 129.28s   |           |           |           |           |    |
| rounded   |           |           |           |           |    |
| up to     |           |           |           |           |    |
| 130s for  |           |           |           |           |    |
| FR2.      |           |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+

##### 6.1.2.23.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-27 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.23.3.3-1: Conditions for specific message contents in Table
6.1.2.23.3.3-4

  ----------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Condition   Explanation
  Cell 3      This condition applies to system information transmitted on Cell 3.
  Cell 10     This condition applies to system information transmitted on Cell 10.
  ----------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------

Table 6.1.2.23.3.3-2: SIB1 for NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 3
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.1.2.23.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                                                                                                                                     
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                               Value/remark                                                                                               Comment   Condition
  SIB1::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                                     
  servingCellConfigCommon SEQUENCE{                                                                                                                                                                      
  downlinkConfigCommon SEQUENCE{                                                                                                                                                                         
  frequencyInfoDL SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                             
  frequencyBandlist SEQUENCE (SIZE (1.. maxNrofMultiBands)) OF NR-MultiBandInfo {   2 entries                                                                                                            
  NR-MultiBandInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                             entry 1   
  freqBandIndicatorNR                                                               An overlapping not supported frequency band MFBI under test (px\_NR\_OverlappingNotSupportedBand\_MFBI).             
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  NR-MultiBandInfo\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                             entry 2   
  freqBandIndicatorNR                                                               An overlapping Band under test (px\_NR\_PrimaryBand).                                                                
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  uplinkConfigCommon SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                          
  frequencyInfoUL SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                             
  frequencyBandlist SEQUENCE (SIZE (1.. maxNrofMultiBands)) OF NR-MultiBandInfo {   2 entries                                                                                                            FDD
  NR-MultiBandInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                             entry 1   
  freqBandIndicatorNR                                                               An overlapping not supported frequency band MFBI under test (px\_NR\_OverlappingNotSupportedBand\_MFBI).             
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  NR-MultiBandInfo\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                             entry 2   
  freqBandIndicatorNR                                                               An overlapping Band under test (px\_NR\_PrimaryBand).                                                                
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                      

Table 6.1.2.23.3.3-3: SIB4 for NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 2 (preamble and all
steps, Table 6.1.2.23.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                                       
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                   Value/remark                                            Comment   Condition
  SIB4::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                      
  InterFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo {   2 entries                                                         
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                      entry 1   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 10                        
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                      entry 2   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 3                         
  frequencyBandlist SEQUENCE (SIZE (1.. maxNrofMultiBands)) OF MultiBandInfo {          1 entry                                                           
  NR-MultiBandInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                              entry 1   
  freqBandIndicatorNR                                                                   An overlapping Band under test (px\_NR\_PrimaryBand).             
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                                       

Table 6.1.2.23.3.3-4: SIB4 for NR Cell 3 and NR Cell 10 (preamble and
all steps, Table 6.1.2.23.3.2-3)

+---------------------+---------------------+---------+------------+
| Derivation Path: TS |                     |         |            |
| 38.508-1 \[4\],     |                     |         |            |
| Table 4.6.2-3       |                     |         |            |
+=====================+=====================+=========+============+
| Information Element | Value/remark        | Comment | Condition  |
+---------------------+---------------------+---------+------------+
| SIB4::= SEQUENCE {  |                     |         |            |
+---------------------+---------------------+---------+------------+
| Inter               | 1 entry             |         |            |
| FreqCarrierFreqList |                     |         |            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE      |                     |         |            |
| (1..maxFreq)) OF    |                     |         |            |
| Inter               |                     |         |            |
| FreqCarrierFreqInfo |                     |         |            |
| {                   |                     |         |            |
+---------------------+---------------------+---------+------------+
| InterFreqC          |                     | entry 1 |            |
| arrierFreqInfo\[1\] |                     |         |            |
| SEQUENCE {          |                     |         |            |
+---------------------+---------------------+---------+------------+
| dl-CarrierFreq      | Same downlink ARFCN |         | NR Cell 10 |
|                     | as used for NR Cell |         |            |
|                     | 1                   |         |            |
+---------------------+---------------------+---------+------------+
|                     | Same downlink ARFCN |         | NR Cell 3  |
|                     | as used for NR Cell |         |            |
|                     | 10                  |         |            |
+---------------------+---------------------+---------+------------+
| frequencyBandList   | 1 entry             |         |            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE (1.. |                     |         |            |
| maxNrofMultiBands)) |                     |         |            |
| OF MultiBandInfo {  |                     |         |            |
+---------------------+---------------------+---------+------------+
| NR                  |                     | entry 1 |            |
| -MultiBandInfo\[1\] |                     |         |            |
| SEQUENCE {          |                     |         |            |
+---------------------+---------------------+---------+------------+
| freqBandIndicatorNR | An overlapping Band |         | NR Cell 10 |
|                     | under test          |         |            |
|                     | (p                  |         |            |
|                     | x\_NR\_PrimaryBand) |         |            |
+---------------------+---------------------+---------+------------+
|                     | Band for interBand  |         | NR Cell 3  |
|                     | NR Cell 10          |         |            |
|                     |                     |         |            |
|                     | (px\_               |         |            |
|                     | NR\_SecondaryBand). |         |            |
+---------------------+---------------------+---------+------------+
| }                   |                     |         |            |
+---------------------+---------------------+---------+------------+
| }                   |                     |         |            |
+---------------------+---------------------+---------+------------+
| }                   |                     |         |            |
+---------------------+---------------------+---------+------------+
| }                   |                     |         |            |
+---------------------+---------------------+---------+------------+
| }                   |                     |         |            |
+---------------------+---------------------+---------+------------+

#### 6.1.2.24 Slice-based cell reselection / Reselection priorities provided by SIB16

##### 6.1.2.24.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-29 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-69 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting slice-based cell reselection and in NR
RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell reselection criteria is met for two cells
on different frequencies supporting different NAS-provided NSAG
priorities }

**then** { UE reselects to the cell on the frequency which supports
higher priority NSAG }

}

##### (2) {#section-70 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting slice-based cell reselection and in NR
RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell reselection criteria is met for two cells
on different frequencies supporting same NAS-provided NSAG priority }

**then** { UE reselects to the cell on the frequency which supports the
NSAG having higher nsag-CellReselectionPriority }

}

##### 6.1.2.24.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-29 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present test
case are specified in: TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.11. Unless otherwise
stated these are Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.11\]

The UE derives reselection priorities for slice-based cell reselection
by using:

\- NSAGs and their priorities provided by NAS,

\- *sliceInfoList* and or *sliceInfoListDedicated* per frequency with
*nsag-CellReselectionPriority* per NSAG, if provided in system
information and/or dedicated signalling,

\- *cellReselectionPriority* per frequency provided in system
information and/or dedicated signalling.

The UE considers an NR frequency to support all slices of an NSAG if

\- the nsag-ID and TA of the NSAG as provided by NAS are indicated for
the NR frequency (see TS 38.331).

The UE considers a cell on an NR frequency to support all slices of an
NSAG if

*-* the nsag-ID and TA of the NSAG as provided by NAS are indicated for
the NR frequency (see TS 38.331); and

\- the cell is either listed in the *sliceAllowedCellListNR* (if
provided in the used slice-based cell reselection information) or the
cell is not listed in the *sliceExcludedCellListNR* (if provided in the
used slice-based cell reselection information); or

\- Neither *sliceAllowedCellListNR* nor *sliceExcludedCellListNR* is
configured in the used slice-based cell reselection information

The UE shall derive reselection priorities for slice-based cell
reselection according to the following rules:

\- Frequencies that support at least one prioritized NSAG received from
NAS have higher reselection priority than frequencies that support none
of the NSAG(s) received from NAS.

\- Frequencies that support at least one NSAG provided by NAS are
prioritised in the order of the NAS-provided priority for the NSAG with
highest priority supported on the frequency.

\- Among the frequencies (one or multiple) that support the highest
prioritised NSAG(s) with the same NAS-provided priorities, the
frequencies are prioritized in the order of their highest
*nsag-CellReselectionPriority* given for these NSAG(s). If no
nsag-CellReselectionPriority is given for a NSAG at a frequency, the
lowest priority value is used (i.e, lower than any of the network
configured values for these frequencies).

\- Frequencies that support none of the NSAG(s) provided by NAS are
prioritized in the order of their *cellReselectionPriority*;

For a UE performing slice-based cell reselection, if the highest ranked
cell or best cell in a frequency fulfils the inter- frequency cell
reselection criteria (see clause 5.2.4.5) based on reselection priority
for the frequency and NSAG derived according to this clause or fulfils
intra-frequency and equal priority inter-frequency cell reselection
criteria (see clause 5.2.4.6), but this cell does not support the NSAG
according to this clause,

\- if this cell supports any other NSAG(s) according to this clause, the
UE shall re-derive a reselection priority for the frequency by
considering the NSAG(s) supported by this cell (rather than those of the
corresponding NR frequency);

\- Otherwise, the UE shall re-derive a reselection priority for the
frequency as if none of the NSAG(s) provided by NAS is supported.

This re-derived reselection priority is used for a maximum of 300
seconds, or until new information of NSAG(s) and their priorities are
received from NAS. UE shall ensure the cell reselection criteria above
are fulfilled based on the newly derived priorities.

##### 6.1.2.24.3 Test description {#test-description-29 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.24.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-29 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-22 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 3 and NR Cell 6.

\- System information combination NR-30 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-29 .H6}

> \- None

##### Preamble: {#preamble-30 .H6}

> \- The UE is in state Switched OFF (state 0N-B) according to TS
> 38.508-1 \[4\].

##### 6.1.2.24.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-29 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.24.3.2-1 for FR1 and Table 6.1.2.24.3.2-2 for FR2 illustrate
the downlink power levels and other changing parameters to be applied
for the cells at various time instants of the test execution. The exact
instants on which these values shall be applied are described in the
texts in this clause. The configuration \"T0\" indicates the initial
conditions. Subsequent configurations marked \"T1\", \"T2\" and \"T3\"
are applied at the points indicated in the Main behaviour description in
Table 6.1.2.24.3.2-3.

Table 6.1.2.24.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|         | rameter |         | 1       | 3       | 6       |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | Off     | Off     | The     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ensure  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | the UE  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | reg     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | istered |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | on NR   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | -78     | Off     | The     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | R~NR\ C |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \<      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | R       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ~NR\ Ce |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 3~. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | Off     | -88     | -78     | The     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | R~NR\ C |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 3~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \<      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | R       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ~NR\ Ce |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 6~. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Note:   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| level   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| "Off"   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| defined |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| TS3     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 8.508-1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[4\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 6.2     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .2.1-3. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.1.2.24.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|    | rameter |         | 1       | 3       | 6       |         |
+====+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | Off     | Off     | The     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ensure  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | the UE  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | reg     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | istered |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | on NR   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1. |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | -82     | Off     | The     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | R~NR\ C |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \<      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | R       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ~NR\ Ce |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 3~. |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | Off     | -91     | -82     | The     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | R~NR\ C |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 3~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \<      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | R       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ~NR\ Ce |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 6~. |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.1.2.24.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  St                                                                                                                                                                           Procedure                                                                                                                                   Message Sequence   TP                    Verdict   
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ --------------------- --------- ----
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           U - S              Message                         
  1                                                                                                                                                                            The UE is switched on.                                                                                                                      \-                 \-                    \-        \-
  2-13                                                                                                                                                                         Steps 2 to 13 of the generic procedure for NR RRC\_IDLE specified in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] subclause 4.5.2 are performed.                       \-                 \-                    \-        \-
  14                                                                                                                                                                           The SS transmits a REGISTRATION ACCEPT message                                                                                              \<\--              REGISTRATION ACCEPT   \-        \-
  15-20a1                                                                                                                                                                      Steps 15 to 20a1 of the generic procedure for NR RRC\_IDLE specified in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] subclause 4.5.2 are performed.                    \-                 \-                    \-        \-
  21                                                                                                                                                                           The SS changes NR Cell 3 SSS level according to the row \"T1\" in table 6.1.2.24.3.2-1/2.                                                   \-                 \-                    \-        \-
  22                                                                                                                                                                           Wait for 66\[FR1\]/258\[FR2\] seconds to allow UE to recognise the change.                                                                  \-                 \-                    \-        \-
  23                                                                                                                                                                           Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.4.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 3?   \-                 \-                    1         P
  24                                                                                                                                                                           The SS changes NR Cell 1, NR Cell 3 and NR Cell 6 SSS levels according to the row \"T2\" in table 6.1.2.24.3.2-1/2.                         \-                 \-                    \-        \-
  25                                                                                                                                                                           Wait for 34\[FR1\]/130\[FR2\] seconds to allow UE to recognise the change.                                                                  \-                 \-                    \-        \-
  26                                                                                                                                                                           Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.4.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 6?   \-                 \-                    2         P
  Note: The wait time at steps 22 and 25 is K~carrier~\*T~detect,NR\_Inter~ (as per TS 38.133 \[30\], clause 4.2.2.4) plus the time to read the system information T~SI-NR.~                                                                                                                                                                                                  

##### 6.1.2.24.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-28 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.24.3.3.3-1: REGISTRATION ACCEPT (step 14, Table
6.1.2.24.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-7                                
  -------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------- -----------
  Information Element                                Value/remark   Comment       Condition
  NSAG information                                                                
  NSAG information IEI                                                            
  Length of NSAG information contents                2 entities                   
  NSAG 1                                                                          
  Length of NSAG                                     1 entity                     
  NSAG identifier                                    '00000001'B                  
  S-NSSAI list of NSAG                                                            
  Length of S-NSSAI list of NSAG                                                  
  S-NSSAI value 1                                                                 
  S-NSSAI IEI                                                                     
  Length of S-NSSAI contents                         '00000001'B    SST           
  SST                                                '00000001'B    SST value 1   
  SD                                                 Not Present                  
  Mapped HPLMN SST                                   Not Present                  
  Mapped HPLMN SD                                    Not Present                  
  S-NSSAI value 2                                                                 
  S-NSSAI IEI                                                                     
  Length of S-NSSAI contents                         '00000001'B    SST           
  SST                                                '00000010'B    SST value 2   
  SD                                                 Not Present                  
  Mapped HPLMN SST                                   Not Present                  
  Mapped HPLMN SD                                    Not Present                  
  NSAG priority                                      '00000011'B                  
  NSAG 2                                                                          
  Length of NSAG                                     1 entity                     
  NSAG identifier                                    '00000010'B                  
  S-NSSAI list of NSAG                                                            
  Length of S-NSSAI list of NSAG                                                  
  S-NSSAI value 1                                                                 
  S-NSSAI IEI                                                                     
  Length of S-NSSAI contents                         '00000001'B    SST           
  SST                                                '00000011'B    SST value 3   
  SD                                                 Not Present                  
  Mapped HPLMN SST                                   Not Present                  
  Mapped HPLMN SD                                    Not Present                  
  S-NSSAI value 2                                                                 
  S-NSSAI IEI                                                                     
  Length of S-NSSAI contents                         '00000001'B    SST           
  SST                                                '00000100'B    SST value 4   
  SD                                                 Not Present                  
  Mapped HPLMN SST                                   Not Present                  
  Mapped HPLMN SD                                    Not Present                  
  NSAG priority                                      '00000010'B                  

Table 6.1.2.24.3.3.3-2: *SIB16* for NR Cell 1 (preamble and all steps,
Table 6.1.2.24.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-18                                                                                                          
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ----------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                          Value/remark   Comment                                         Condition
  SIB16-r17 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                    
  freqPriorityListSlicing-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreqPlus1)) OF FreqPrioritySlicing-r17 {   2 entries                                                      
  FreqPrioritySlicing-r17 SEQUENCE{                                                                           entry 1                                         
  dl-ImplicitCarrierFreq-r17                                                                   0              Downlink carrier frequency used for NR cell 1   
  sliceInfoList-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSliceInfo-r17)) OF SliceInfo-r17 {                   1 entry                                                        
  SliceInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                    entry 1                                         
  nsag-IdentityInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                            
  nsag-ID-r17                                                                                  '00000001'B                                                    
  trackingAreaCode-r17                                                                         Not present                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  nsag-CellReselectionPriority-r17                                                             5                                                              
  nsag-CellReselectionSubPriority-r17                                                          Not present                                                    
  sliceCellListNR-r17                                                                          Not present                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  FreqPrioritySlicing-r17 SEQUENCE{                                                                           entry 2                                         
  dl-ImplicitCarrierFreq-r17                                                                   1              Downlink carrier frequency used for NR cell 3   
  sliceInfoList-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSliceInfo-r17)) OF SliceInfo-r17 {                   1 entry                                                        
  SliceInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                    entry 1                                         
  nsag-IdentityInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                            
  nsag-ID-r17                                                                                  '00000010'B                                                    
  trackingAreaCode-r17                                                                         Not present                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  nsag-CellReselectionPriority-r17                                                             4                                                              
  nsag-CellReselectionSubPriority-r17                                                          Not present                                                    
  sliceCellListNR-r17                                                                          Not present                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           

Table 6.1.2.24.3.3.3-3: *SIB16* for NR Cell 3 (preamble and all steps,
Table 6.1.2.24.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-18                                                                                                          
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ----------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                          Value/remark   Comment                                         Condition
  SIB16-r17 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                    
  freqPriorityListSlicing-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreqPlus1)) OF FreqPrioritySlicing-r17 {   2 entries                                                      
  FreqPrioritySlicing-r17 SEQUENCE{                                                                           entry 1                                         
  dl-ImplicitCarrierFreq-r17                                                                   0              Downlink carrier frequency used for NR cell 3   
  sliceInfoList-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSliceInfo-r17)) OF SliceInfo-r17 {                   1 entry                                                        
  SliceInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                    entry 1                                         
  nsag-IdentityInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                            
  nsag-ID-r17                                                                                  '00000010'B                                                    
  trackingAreaCode-r17                                                                         Not present                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  nsag-CellReselectionPriority-r17                                                             4                                                              
  nsag-CellReselectionSubPriority-r17                                                          Not present                                                    
  sliceCellListNR-r17                                                                          Not present                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  FreqPrioritySlicing-r17 SEQUENCE{                                                                           entry 2                                         
  dl-ImplicitCarrierFreq-r17                                                                   2              Downlink carrier frequency used for NR cell 6   
  sliceInfoList-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSliceInfo-r17)) OF SliceInfo-r17 {                   1 entry                                                        
  SliceInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                    entry 1                                         
  nsag-IdentityInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                            
  nsag-ID-r17                                                                                  '00000010'B                                                    
  trackingAreaCode-r17                                                                         Not present                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  nsag-CellReselectionPriority-r17                                                             6                                                              
  nsag-CellReselectionSubPriority-r17                                                          Not present                                                    
  sliceCellListNR-r17                                                                          Not present                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           

Table 6.1.2.24.3.3.3-4: *SIB16* for NR Cell 6 (preamble and all steps,
Table 6.1.2.24.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-18                                                                                                          
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ----------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                          Value/remark   Comment                                         Condition
  SIB16-r17 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                    
  freqPriorityListSlicing-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreqPlus1)) OF FreqPrioritySlicing-r17 {   1 entry                                                        
  FreqPrioritySlicing-r17 SEQUENCE{                                                                           entry 1                                         
  dl-ImplicitCarrierFreq-r17                                                                   0              Downlink carrier frequency used for NR cell 6   
  sliceInfoList-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSliceInfo-r17)) OF SliceInfo-r17 {                   1 entry                                                        
  SliceInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                    entry 1                                         
  nsag-IdentityInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                            
  nsag-ID-r17                                                                                  '00000010'B                                                    
  trackingAreaCode-r17                                                                         Not present                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  nsag-CellReselectionPriority-r17                                                             6                                                              
  nsag-CellReselectionSubPriority-r17                                                          Not present                                                    
  sliceCellListNR-r17                                                                          Not present                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           

#### 6.1.2.25 Slice-based cell reselection / Re-derive reselection priority for frequency

##### 6.1.2.25.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-30 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-71 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting slice-based cell reselection and in NR
RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell on the highest priority frequency
supporting NSAG is listed in the sliceExcludedCellListNR of this NSAG }

**then** { UE does not attempt to reselect to the cell listed in the
sliceExcludedCellListNR }

}

##### (2) {#section-72 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting slice-based cell reselection and in NR
RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell on the highest priority NR frequency
supporting NSAG is listed in the sliceExcludedCellListNR }

**then** { UE re-derive a reselection priority for the frequency by
considering other NSAG(s) supported by this cell }

}

##### 6.1.2.25.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-30 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present test
case are specified in: TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.11. Unless otherwise
stated these are Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.11\]

The UE derives reselection priorities for slice-based cell reselection
by using:

\- NAS provided NSAG information, only for NSAG(s) associated with the
network slice(s) provided by NAS for cell reselection (see TS 23.501
\[10\], TS 24.501 \[14\]),

\- *sliceInfoList* and/or *sliceInfoListDedicated* per frequency with
*nsag-CellReselectionPriority* per NSAG, if provided in system
information and/or dedicated signalling (see TS 38.331 \[3\]),

\- *cellReselectionPriority* per frequency provided in system
information and/or dedicated signalling (see TS 38.331 \[3\]).

The UE considers an NR frequency to support all slices of an NSAG if

\- the nsag-ID and TA of the NSAG as provided by NAS are indicated for
the NR frequency (see TS 38.331).

The UE considers a cell on an NR frequency to support all slices of an
NSAG if

*-* the nsag-ID and TA of the NSAG as provided by NAS are indicated for
the NR frequency (see TS 38.331); and

\- the cell is either listed in the *sliceAllowedCellListNR* (if
provided in the *sliceInfoList*) or the cell is not listed in the
*sliceExcludedCellListNR* (if provided in the *sliceInfoList*); or

\- Neither *sliceAllowedCellListNR* nor *sliceExcludedCellListNR* is
configured in the *sliceInfoList*.

The UE shall derive reselection priorities for slice-based cell
reselection according to the following rules:

\- Frequencies that support at least one prioritized NSAG received from
NAS have higher reselection priority than frequencies that support none
of the NSAG(s) received from NAS.

\- Frequencies that support at least one NSAG provided by NAS are
prioritised in the order of the NAS-provided priority for the NSAG with
highest priority supported on the frequency.

\- Among the frequencies (one or multiple) that support the highest
prioritised NSAG(s) with the same NAS-provided priorities, the
frequencies are prioritized in the order of their highest
*nsag-CellReselectionPriority* given for these NSAG(s). If no
*nsag-CellReselectionPriority* is given for a NSAG at a frequency, the
lowest priority value is used (i.e, lower than any of the network
configured values for these frequencies).

\- Frequencies that support none of the NSAG(s) provided by NAS are
prioritized in the order of their *cellReselectionPriority*.

For a UE performing slice-based cell reselection, if the highest ranked
cell or best cell in a frequency fulfils the inter- frequency cell
reselection criteria (see clause 5.2.4.5) based on reselection priority
for the frequency and NSAG derived according to this clause or fulfils
intra-frequency and equal priority inter-frequency cell reselection
criteria (see clause 5.2.4.6), but this cell does not support the NSAG
according to this clause:

\- if this cell supports any other NSAG(s) according to this clause, the
UE shall re-derive a reselection priority for the frequency by
considering the NSAG(s) supported by this cell (rather than those of the
corresponding NR frequency);

\- Otherwise, the UE shall re-derive a reselection priority for the
frequency as if none of the NSAG(s) provided by NAS is supported.

This re-derived reselection priority is used for a maximum of 300
seconds, or until new network slice(s) and/or NSAG information are
received from NAS. UE shall ensure the cell reselection criteria above
are fulfilled based on the newly derived priorities.

##### 6.1.2.25.3 Test description {#test-description-30 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.25.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-30 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-23 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 3 and NR Cell 6.

\- System information combination NR-30 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-30 .H6}

> \- None

##### Preamble: {#preamble-31 .H6}

> \- The UE is in state Switched OFF (state 0N-B) according to TS
> 38.508-1 \[4\].

##### 6.1.2.25.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-30 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.25.3.2-1 for FR1 and Table 6.1.2.25.3.2-2 for FR2 illustrate
the downlink power levels and other changing parameters to be applied
for the cells at various time instants of the test execution. The exact
instants on which these values shall be applied are described in the
texts in this clause. The configuration \"T0\" indicates the initial
conditions. Subsequent configurations marked \"T1\", \"T2\" and \"T3\"
are applied at the points indicated in the Main behaviour description in
Table 6.1.2.25.3.2-3.

Table 6.1.2.25.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|         | rameter |         | 1       | 3       | 6       |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | "Off"   | "Off"   | The     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ensure  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | the UE  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | reg     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | istered |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | on NR   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | -78     | "Off"   | The     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | R~NR\ C |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \<      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | R       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ~NR\ Ce |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 3~. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | -78     | -78     | The     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | R~NR\ C |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \<      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | R       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ~NR\ Ce |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 6~. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Note:   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| level   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| "Off"   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| defined |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| TS3     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 8.508-1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[4\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 6.2     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .2.1-3. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.1.2.25.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|    | rameter |         | 1       | 3       | 6       |         |
+====+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | "Off"   | "Off"   | The     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ensure  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | the UE  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | reg     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | istered |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | on NR   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1. |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | -82     | "Off\"  | The     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | R~NR\ C |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \<      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | R       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ~NR\ Ce |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 3~. |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | -82     | -82     | The     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | R~NR\ C |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \<      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | R       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ~NR\ Ce |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 6~. |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.1.2.25.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  St                                                                                                                                                                           Procedure                                                                                                                                   Message Sequence   TP                    Verdict   
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ --------------------- --------- ----
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           U - S              Message                         
  1                                                                                                                                                                            The UE is switched on.                                                                                                                      \-                 \-                    \-        \-
  2-13                                                                                                                                                                         Steps 2 to 13 of the generic procedure for NR RRC\_IDLE specified in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] subclause 4.5.2 are performed.                       \-                 \-                    \-        \-
  14                                                                                                                                                                           The SS transmits a REGISTRATION ACCEPT message                                                                                              \<\--              REGISTRATION ACCEPT   \-        \-
  15-20a1                                                                                                                                                                      Steps 15 to 20a1 of the generic procedure for NR RRC\_IDLE specified in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] subclause 4.5.2 are performed.                    \-                 \-                    \-        \-
  21                                                                                                                                                                           The SS changes NR Cell 3 power level according to the row \"T1\" in table 6.1.2.25.3.2-1/2.                                                 \-                 \-                    \-        \-
  22                                                                                                                                                                           Wait for 66\[FR1\]/258\[FR2\] seconds to allow UE to recognise the change.                                                                  \-                 \-                    \-        \-
  23-24                                                                                                                                                                        Step 1 and 2 of the generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.4.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 3 within 60s?   \-                 \-                    1         F
  25                                                                                                                                                                           The SS changes NR Cell 6 power level according to the row \"T2\" in table 6.1.2.25.3.2-1/2.                                                 \-                 \-                    \-        \-
  26                                                                                                                                                                           Wait for 34\[FR1\]/130\[FR2\] seconds to allow UE to recognise the change.                                                                  \-                 \-                    \-        \-
  27                                                                                                                                                                           Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.4.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 6?   \-                 \-                    2         P
  Note: The wait time at steps 22 and 25 is K~carrier~\*T~detect,NR\_Inter~ (as per TS 38.133 \[30\], clause 4.2.2.4) plus the time to read the system information T~SI-NR.~                                                                                                                                                                                                  

##### 6.1.2.25.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-29 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.25.3.3.3-1: REGISTRATION ACCEPT (step 14, Table
6.1.2.25.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-7                                
  -------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------- -----------
  Information Element                                Value/remark   Comment       Condition
  NSAG information                                                                
  NSAG information IEI                                                            
  Length of NSAG information contents                2 entities                   
  NSAG 1                                                                          
  Length of NSAG                                     1 entity                     
  NSAG identifier                                    '00000001'B                  
  S-NSSAI list of NSAG                                                            
  Length of S-NSSAI list of NSAG                                                  
  S-NSSAI value 1                                                                 
  S-NSSAI IEI                                                                     
  Length of S-NSSAI contents                         '00000001'B    SST           
  SST                                                '00000001'B    SST value 1   
  SD                                                 Not Present                  
  Mapped HPLMN SST                                   Not Present                  
  Mapped HPLMN SD                                    Not Present                  
  S-NSSAI value 2                                                                 
  S-NSSAI IEI                                                                     
  Length of S-NSSAI contents                         '00000001'B    SST           
  SST                                                '00000010'B    SST value 2   
  SD                                                 Not Present                  
  Mapped HPLMN SST                                   Not Present                  
  Mapped HPLMN SD                                    Not Present                  
  NSAG priority                                      '00000011'B                  
  NSAG 2                                                                          
  Length of NSAG                                     1 entity                     
  NSAG identifier                                    '00000010'B                  
  S-NSSAI list of NSAG                                                            
  Length of S-NSSAI list of NSAG                                                  
  S-NSSAI value 1                                                                 
  S-NSSAI IEI                                                                     
  Length of S-NSSAI contents                         '00000001'B    SST           
  SST                                                '00000011'B    SST value 3   
  SD                                                 Not Present                  
  Mapped HPLMN SST                                   Not Present                  
  Mapped HPLMN SD                                    Not Present                  
  S-NSSAI value 2                                                                 
  S-NSSAI IEI                                                                     
  Length of S-NSSAI contents                         '00000001'B    SST           
  SST                                                '00000100'B    SST value 4   
  SD                                                 Not Present                  
  Mapped HPLMN SST                                   Not Present                  
  Mapped HPLMN SD                                    Not Present                  
  NSAG priority                                      '00000010'B                  

Table 6.1.2.25.3.3.3-2: *SIB16* for NR Cell 1 (preamble and all steps,
Table 6.1.2.25.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-18                                                                                   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                          Value/remark                  Comment   Condition
  SIB16-r17 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                             
  freqPriorityListSlicing-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreqPlus1)) OF FreqPrioritySlicing-r17 {   3 entries                               
  FreqPrioritySlicing-r17 SEQUENCE{                                                                                          entry 1   
  dl-ImplicitCarrierFreq-r17                                                                   0                                       
  sliceInfoList-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSliceInfo-r17)) OF SliceInfo-r17 {                   1 entry                                 
  SliceInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                   entry 1   
  nsag-IdentityInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                     
  nsag-ID-r17                                                                                  '00000001'B                             
  trackingAreaCode-r17                                                                         Not present                             
  }                                                                                                                                    
  nsag-CellReselectionPriority-r17                                                             5                                       
  nsag-CellReselectionSubPriority-r17                                                          Not present                             
  sliceCellListNR-r17                                                                          Not present                             
  }                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                    
  FreqPrioritySlicing-r17 SEQUENCE{                                                                                          entry 2   
  dl-ImplicitCarrierFreq-r17                                                                   1                                       
  sliceInfoList-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSliceInfo-r17)) OF SliceInfo-r17 {                   1 entry                                 
  SliceInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                   entry 1   
  nsag-IdentityInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                     
  nsag-ID-r17                                                                                  '00000010'B                             
  trackingAreaCode-r17                                                                         Not present                             
  }                                                                                                                                    
  nsag-CellReselectionPriority-r17                                                             4                                       
  nsag-CellReselectionSubPriority-r17                                                          Not present                             
  sliceCellListNR-r17                                                                                                                  
  sliceExcludedCellListNR-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxCellSlice-r17)) OF PCI-Range {             1 entry                                 
  PCI-Range\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                  entry 1   
  start                                                                                        PhysicalCellID of NR Cell 3             
  range                                                                                        Not present                             
  }                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                    
  FreqPrioritySlicing-r17 SEQUENCE{                                                                                          entry 3   
  dl-ImplicitCarrierFreq-r17                                                                   2                                       
  sliceInfoList-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSliceInfo-r17)) OF SliceInfo-r17 {                   2 entries                               
  SliceInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                   entry 1   
  nsag-IdentityInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                     
  nsag-ID-r17                                                                                  '00000001'B                             
  trackingAreaCode-r17                                                                         Not present                             
  }                                                                                                                                    
  nsag-CellReselectionPriority-r17                                                             5                                       
  nsag-CellReselectionSubPriority-r17                                                          Not present                             
  sliceCellListNR-r17                                                                          Not present                             
  }                                                                                                                                    
  SliceInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                   entry 2   
  nsag-IdentityInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                     
  nsag-ID-r17                                                                                  '00000010'B                             
  trackingAreaCode-r17                                                                         Not present                             
  }                                                                                                                                    
  nsag-CellReselectionPriority-r17                                                             4                                       
  nsag-CellReselectionSubPriority-r17                                                          Not present                             
  sliceCellListNR-r17                                                                                                                  
  sliceExcludedCellListNR-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxCellSlice-r17)) OF PCI-Range {             1 entry                                 
  PCI-Range\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                  entry 1   
  start                                                                                        PhysicalCellID of NR Cell 6             
  range                                                                                        Not present                             
  }                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                          }         
  }                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                    

Table 6.1.2.25.3.3.3-3: *SIB16* for NR Cell 3 (preamble and all steps,
Table 6.1.2.25.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-18                                                                                   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                          Value/remark                  Comment   Condition
  SIB16-r17 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                             
  freqPriorityListSlicing-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreqPlus1)) OF FreqPrioritySlicing-r17 {   1 entry                                 
  FreqPrioritySlicing-r17 SEQUENCE{                                                                                          entry 1   
  dl-ImplicitCarrierFreq-r17                                                                   0                                       
  sliceInfoList-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSliceInfo-r17)) OF SliceInfo-r17 {                   2 entries                               
  SliceInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                   entry 1   
  nsag-IdentityInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                     
  nsag-ID-r17                                                                                  '00000001'B                             
  trackingAreaCode-r17                                                                         Not present                             
  }                                                                                                                                    
  nsag-CellReselectionPriority-r17                                                             6                                       
  nsag-CellReselectionSubPriority-r17                                                          Not present                             
  sliceCellListNR-r17                                                                          Not present                             
  }                                                                                                                                    
  SliceInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                   entry 2   
  nsag-IdentityInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                     
  nsag-ID-r17                                                                                  '00000010'B                             
  trackingAreaCode-r17                                                                         Not present                             
  }                                                                                                                                    
  nsag-CellReselectionPriority-r17                                                             4                                       
  nsag-CellReselectionSubPriority-r17                                                          Not present                             
  sliceCellListNR-r17                                                                                                                  
  sliceExcludedCellListNR-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxCellSlice-r17)) OF PCI-Range {             1 entry                                 
  PCI-Range\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                  entry 1   
  start                                                                                        PhysicalCellID of NR Cell 3             
  range                                                                                        Not present                             
  }                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                    

Table 6.1.2.25.3.3.3-4: *SIB16* for NR Cell 6 (preamble and all steps,
Table 6.1.2.25.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-18                                                                                   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                          Value/remark                  Comment   Condition
  SIB16-r17 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                             
  freqPriorityListSlicing-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreqPlus1)) OF FreqPrioritySlicing-r17 {   1 entry                                 
  FreqPrioritySlicing-r17 SEQUENCE{                                                                                          entry 1   
  dl-ImplicitCarrierFreq-r17                                                                   0                                       
  sliceInfoList-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSliceInfo-r17)) OF SliceInfo-r17 {                   2 entries                               
  SliceInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                   entry 1   
  nsag-IdentityInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                     
  nsag-ID-r17                                                                                  '00000001'B                             
  trackingAreaCode-r17                                                                         Not present                             
  }                                                                                                                                    
  nsag-CellReselectionPriority-r17                                                             4                                       
  nsag-CellReselectionSubPriority-r17                                                          Not present                             
  sliceCellListNR-r17                                                                          Not present                             
  }                                                                                                                                    
  SliceInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                   entry 2   
  nsag-IdentityInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                     
  nsag-ID-r17                                                                                  '00000010'B                             
  trackingAreaCode-r17                                                                         Not present                             
  }                                                                                                                                    
  nsag-CellReselectionPriority-r17                                                             4                                       
  nsag-CellReselectionSubPriority-r17                                                          Not present                             
  sliceCellListNR-r17                                                                                                                  
  sliceExcludedCellListNR-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxCellSlice-r17)) OF PCI-Range {             1 entry                                 
  PCI-Range\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                  entry 1   
  start                                                                                        PhysicalCellID of NR Cell 6             
  range                                                                                        Not present                             
  }                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                    

#### 6.1.2.26 Cell Selection / RedCap

##### 6.1.2.26.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-31 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-73 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting RedCap and in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { a cell fulfils the requirements for a suitable cell except
cell Barred status \"true\" for RedCap }

**then** { the UE considers the cell as barred and no camping on this
cell can take place }

}

##### (2) {#section-74 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting RedCap and in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { a cell fulfils the requirements for a suitable cell except
intraFreqReselectionRedCap in SIB1 is absent }

**then** { the UE considers the cell as barred and no camping on this
cell can take place }

}

##### (3) {#section-75 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting RedCap and in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { a cell fulfils the requirements for a suitable cell except
cell Barred status not \"true\" for RedCap }

**then** { the UE considers the cell suitable and camps on it }

}

##### 6.1.2.26.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-31 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present test
case are specified in: TS 38.304, clause 5.3.1, TS 38.306, clause
4.2.21.1 and TS 38.331 clause 5.2.2.4.2. Unless otherwise stated these
are Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 38.331, clause 5.2.2.4.2\]

Upon receiving the *SIB1* the UE shall:

1\> store the acquired *SIB1*;

1\> if the UE is a RedCap UE and it is in RRC\_IDLE or in RRC\_INACTIVE,
or if the RedCap UE is in RRC\_CONNECTED while *T311* is running:

2\> *if intraFreqReselectionRedCap* is not present in *SIB1*:

3\> consider the cell as barred in accordance with TS 38.304 \[20\];

3\> perform barring as if *intraFreqReselectionRedCap* is set to
allowed;

2\> else:

3\> if the *cellBarredRedCap1Rx* is present in the acquired *SIB1* and
is set to *barred* and the UE is equipped with 1 Rx branch; or

*3\> i*f the *cellBarredRedCap2Rx* is present in the acquired *SIB1* and
is set to *barred and the UE is equipped with 2 Rx branches; or*

*3\> if the halfDuplexRedCapAllowed is not present in the acquired SIB1
and the UE supports only half-duplex FDD operation:*

4\> consider the cell as barred in accordance with TS 38.304 \[20\];

4\> perform barring based on *intraFreqReselectionRedCap* as specified
in TS 38.304 \[20\];

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.3.1\]

When cell status \"barred\" is indicated for RedCap UEs with 1Rx/2Rx or
to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\",

\- The UE is not permitted to select/reselect this cell, not even for
emergency calls.

\- The UE shall select another cell according to the following rule:

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to *being unable to acquire the SIB1*:

\- the UE may exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for up to 300 seconds.

\- the UE may select another cell on the same frequency if the selection
criteria are fulfilled.

\- else:

\- If the field *intraFreqReselectionRedCap* in *SIB1* message is set to
\"allowed\"; or

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to not supporting RedCap UEs:

\- the UE shall exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for 300 seconds.

\- the UE may select another cell on the same frequency if re-selection
criteria are fulfilled.

\- If the field *intraFreqReselectionRedCap* in *SIB1* message is set to
\"not allowed\":

\- If the cell operates in licensed spectrum, or if this cell belongs to
a PLMN which is indicated as being equivalent to the registered PLMN or
the selected PLMN of the UE, or if this cell belongs to the registered
SNPN or the selected SNPN of the UE:

\- the UE shall not re-select to another cell on the same frequency as
the barred cell and exclude such cell(s) as candidate(s) for cell
selection/reselection for 300 second**s**.

\- else:

\- the UE may select to another cell on the same frequency if the
reselection criteria are fulfilled.

\- the UE shall exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for 300 seconds.

\[TS 38.306, clause 4.2.21.1\]

RedCap UE is the UE with reduced capability:

...

\- For FR 1, 1 DL MIMO layer if 1 Rx branch is supported, and 2 DL MIMO
layers if 2 Rx branches are supported; for FR2, either 1 or 2 DL MIMO
layers can be supported, while 2 Rx branches are always supported. For
FR1 and FR2, UE features and corresponding capabilities related to more
than 2 UE Rx branches or more than 2 DL MIMO layers, as well as UE
features and capabilities related to more than 2 UE Tx branches or more
than 2 UL MIMO layers are not supported by RedCap UEs;

##### 6.1.2.26.3 Test description {#test-description-31 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.26.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-31 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-24 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 11 have different tracking areas according to
TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.2-3.

\- System information combination NR-2 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-31 .H6}

> \- None

##### Preamble: {#preamble-32 .H6}

\- The UE is in 1N-A state on NR Cell 1 using generic procedure
parameter Connectivity (*NR*) and Test loop function(*Off*) according to
TS 38.508-1 \[4\].

##### 6.1.2.26.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-31 .H6}

Table6.1.2.26.3.2-1 for FR1 and table 6.1.2.26.3.2-2 for FR2 illustrate
the downlink power levels to be applied for the cells at various time
instants of the test execution. Row marked \"T0\" denotes the initial
conditions after preamble, while columns marked \"T1\" is to be applied
subsequently in the Main behaviour. The exact instants on which these
values shall be applied are described in the texts in this clause.

Table 6.1.2.26.3.2-1: Cell configuration changes over time for FR1

+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+--------+
|          | P        | Unit    | NR Cell  | NR Cell  | Remark |
|          | arameter |         | 1        | 11       |        |
+==========+==========+=========+==========+==========+========+
| T0       | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS | -88      | \"Off\"  |        |
|          |          |         |          |          |        |
|          | SSS EPRE |         |          |          |        |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+--------+
| T1       | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS | \"Off\"  | -88      |        |
|          |          |         |          |          |        |
|          | SSS EPRE |         |          |          |        |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+--------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |         |          |          |        |
| Power    |          |         |          |          |        |
| level    |          |         |          |          |        |
| "Off" is |          |         |          |          |        |
| defined  |          |         |          |          |        |
| in TS    |          |         |          |          |        |
| 38.508-1 |          |         |          |          |        |
| \[4\]    |          |         |          |          |        |
| Table    |          |         |          |          |        |
| 6.       |          |         |          |          |        |
| 2.2.1-3. |          |         |          |          |        |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+--------+

Table 6.1.2.26.3.2-2: Cell configuration changes over time for FR2

+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+--------+
|          | P        | Unit    | NR Cell  | NR Cell  | Remark |
|          | arameter |         | 1        | 11       |        |
+==========+==========+=========+==========+==========+========+
| T0       | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS | -82      | \"Off\"  |        |
|          |          |         |          |          |        |
|          | SSS EPRE |         |          |          |        |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+--------+
| T1       | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS | \"Off\"  | -82      |        |
|          |          |         |          |          |        |
|          | SSS EPRE |         |          |          |        |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+--------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |         |          |          |        |
| Power    |          |         |          |          |        |
| level    |          |         |          |          |        |
| "Off" is |          |         |          |          |        |
| defined  |          |         |          |          |        |
| in TS    |          |         |          |          |        |
| 38.508-1 |          |         |          |          |        |
| \[4\]    |          |         |          |          |        |
| Table    |          |         |          |          |        |
| 6.       |          |         |          |          |        |
| 2.2.2-2. |          |         |          |          |        |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+--------+

Table 6.1.2.26.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| St        | Procedure | Message   | TP        | Verdict |    |
|           |           | Sequence  |           |         |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+=========+====+
|           |           | U - S     | Message   |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1         | The SS    | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | changes   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the SIB1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | of NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to set    |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |         |    |
|           | Barred    |           |           |         |    |
|           | status to |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"true\". |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 2         | Void      |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 3         | SS        | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | r         |           |           |         |    |
|           | e-adjusts |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | SS/PBCH   |           |           |         |    |
|           | EPRE      |           |           |         |    |
|           | level of  |           |           |         |    |
|           | NR Cell 1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | and NR    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11   |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to row    |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"T1\" in |           |           |         |    |
|           | table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.2.26  |           |           |         |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 4         | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1       | F  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |         |    |
|           | UE send   |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11   |           |           |         |    |
|           | within    |           |           |         |    |
|           | the next  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 60 s?     |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 5         | The SS    | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | changes   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the SIB1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | of NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to delete |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | conf      |           |           |         |    |
|           | iguration |           |           |         |    |
|           | of        |           |           |         |    |
|           | ce        |           |           |         |    |
|           | llBarredR |           |           |         |    |
|           | edCap-r17 |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 6         | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 3       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |         |    |
|           | UE send   |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11   |           |           |         |    |
|           | after     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 300s from |           |           |         |    |
|           | Step 3?   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 7         | S         | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | teps2-6a1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of        |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | clause    |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.9.5 on  |           |           |         |    |
|           | NR Cell   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 11.       |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | NOTE: The |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE        |           |           |         |    |
|           | performs  |           |           |         |    |
|           | a         |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | for       |           |           |         |    |
|           | mobility  |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | and the   |           |           |         |    |
|           | RRC       |           |           |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |         |    |
|           | is        |           |           |         |    |
|           | released. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 8         | The SS    | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | changes   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the SIB1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | of NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1 to |           |           |         |    |
|           | set       |           |           |         |    |
|           | intraFre  |           |           |         |    |
|           | qReselect |           |           |         |    |
|           | ionRedCap |           |           |         |    |
|           | to not    |           |           |         |    |
|           | present.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 9         | Wait for  | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | 2.1\*     |           |           |         |    |
|           | mod       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ification |           |           |         |    |
|           | period to |           |           |         |    |
|           | allow the |           |           |         |    |
|           | new       |           |           |         |    |
|           | system    |           |           |         |    |
|           | in        |           |           |         |    |
|           | formation |           |           |         |    |
|           | to take   |           |           |         |    |
|           | eff       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ect.(Note |           |           |         |    |
|           | 1)        |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 10        | SS        |           |           |         |    |
|           | r         |           |           |         |    |
|           | e-adjusts |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | SS/PBCH   |           |           |         |    |
|           | EPRE      |           |           |         |    |
|           | level of  |           |           |         |    |
|           | NR Cell 1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | and NR    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11   |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to row    |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"T0\" in |           |           |         |    |
|           | table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.2.26  |           |           |         |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 11        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 2       | F  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |         |    |
|           | UE send   |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1    |           |           |         |    |
|           | within    |           |           |         |    |
|           | the next  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 60 s?     |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 2)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| The       |           |           |           |         |    |
| mod       |           |           |           |         |    |
| ification |           |           |           |         |    |
| period,   |           |           |           |         |    |
| expressed |           |           |           |         |    |
| in number |           |           |           |         |    |
| of radio  |           |           |           |         |    |
| frames =  |           |           |           |         |    |
| modif     |           |           |           |         |    |
| icationPe |           |           |           |         |    |
| riodCoeff |           |           |           |         |    |
| \*        |           |           |           |         |    |
| d         |           |           |           |         |    |
| efaultPag |           |           |           |         |    |
| ingCycle. |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| The UE    |           |           |           |         |    |
| finishes  |           |           |           |         |    |
| in State  |           |           |           |         |    |
| DE        |           |           |           |         |    |
| REGISTRED |           |           |           |         |    |
| because   |           |           |           |         |    |
| UE does   |           |           |           |         |    |
| not camp  |           |           |           |         |    |
| on any NR |           |           |           |         |    |
| Cells     |           |           |           |         |    |
| after     |           |           |           |         |    |
| Step 11.  |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+

##### 6.1.2.26.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-30 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.26.3.3.3-1: *SIB1* for NR Cell 11 (step 1, Table
6.1.2.26.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                            
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- --------------------------------------------------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                           
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  RedCap-ConfigCommon-r17 SEQUENCE {                                            
  cellBarredRedCap-r17 SEQUENCE {                                               
  cellBarredRedCap1Rx-r17                              Not Barred               FR2
                                                       barred                   FR1
  cellBarredRedCap2Rx-r17                              Not Barred               
                                                       barred                   FR2 or pc\_maxNumberMIMO\_LayersPDSCH\_twoLayers
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             

Table 6.1.2.26.3.3.3-2: *SIB1* for NR Cell 11 (step 5, Table
6.1.2.26.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                            
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                           
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  RedCap-ConfigCommon-r17 SEQUENCE {                                            
  cellBarredRedCap-r17                                 Not Present              
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             

Table 6.1.2.26.3.3.3-3: *SIB1* for NR Cell 1 (step 8, Table
6.1.2.26.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                            
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                           
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  intraFreqReselectionRedCap-r17                       Not present              
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             

#### 6.1.2.27 Cell reselection / inter-frequency / RedCap

##### 6.1.2.27.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-32 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-76 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting RedCap and in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { serving cell broadcasts SIB4 with system information
indication of frequencies which accept RedCap UEs }

**then** { UE reselects the inter-frequency neighbour cell depending on
SIB4 indication }

}

##### 6.1.2.27.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-32 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: 3GPP TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.6 and TS 38.331, clause 6.3.1
and 5.2.2.4.5. Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.6\]

The cell-ranking criterion R~s~ for serving cell and R~n~ for
neighbouring cells is defined by:

+-------------------------------------------+
| R~s~ = Q~meas,s~ +Q~hyst~ - Qoffset~temp~ |
|                                           |
| R~n~ = Q~meas,n~ -Qoffset - Qoffset~temp~ |
+-------------------------------------------+

where:

+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Q~meas~       | RSRP measurement quantity used in cell              |
|               | reselections.                                       |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset       | For intra-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~, if     |
|               | Qoffset~s,n~ is valid, otherwise this equals to     |
|               | zero.                                               |
|               |                                                     |
|               | For inter-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~ plus    |
|               | Qoffset~frequency~, if Qoffset~s,n~ is valid,       |
|               | otherwise this equals to Qoffset~frequency~.        |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset~temp~ | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as specified   |
|               | in TS 38.331 \[3\].                                 |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

The UE shall perform ranking of all cells that fulfil the cell selection
criterion S, which is defined in 5.2.3.2.

The cells shall be ranked according to the R criteria specified above by
deriving Q~meas,n~ and Q~meas,s~ and calculating the R values using
averaged RSRP results.

If *rangeToBestCell* is not configured, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell. If this cell is found to be
not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to clause 5.2.4.4.

If *rangeToBestCell* is configured*,* then the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the cell with the highest number of beams above the
threshold (i.e. *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation*) among the cells whose
R value is within *rangeToBestCell* of the R value of the highest ranked
cell. If there are multiple such cells, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell among them. If this cell is found
to be not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to clause 5.2.4.4.

In all cases, the UE shall reselect the new cell, only if the following
conditions are met:

\- the new cell is better than the serving cell according to the cell
reselection criteria specified above during a time interval
Treselection~RAT~;

\- more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

NOTE: If *rangeToBestCell* is configured but
*absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* is not configured on an NR frequency,
the UE considers that there is one beam above the threshold for each
cell on that frequency.

\[TS 38.331, clause 6.3.1\]

*redCapAccessAllowed*

*Indicates whether RedCap UEs are allowed to access the frequency.*

\[TS 38.331, clause 5.2.2.4.5\]

Upon receiving *SIB4* the UE shall:

1\> if in RRC\_IDLE, or in RRC\_INACTIVE or in RRC\_CONNECTED while T311
is running:

2\> for each entry in the *interFreqCarrierFreqList*:

3\> if the UE is not a RedCap UE; or

3\> if the UE is a RedCap UE and the *interFreqCarrierFreqList-v1700* is
absent; or

3\> if the UE is a RedCap UE and *redCapAccessAllowed* is present in
*interFreqCarrierFreqList-v1700*:

4\> select the first frequency band in the *frequencyBandList*, and
*frequencyBandListSUL*, if present, which the UE supports and for which
the UE supports at least one of the *additionalSpectrumEmission* values
in *NR-NS-PmaxList*, if present:

##### 6.1.2.27.3 Test description {#test-description-32 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.27.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-32 .H6}

System Simulator:

\- NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 23 have different tracking areas according to
TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.2-3.

\- System information combination NR-4 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR Cells.

##### UE: {#ue-32 .H6}

None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-33 .H6}

\- The UE is in NR RRC Idle mode (state 1N-A) on NR Cell 1(according to
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-1.

##### 6.1.2.27.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-32 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.27.3.2-1/2 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the NR cells at various time
instants of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values
shall be applied are described in the texts in this clause. The
configuration \"T0\" indicates the initial conditions. Subsequent
configuration marked \"T1\" is applied at the points indicated in the
Main behaviour description in Table 6.1.2.27.3.2-3.

Table 6.1.2.27.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | Parameter | Unit    | NR Cell 1 | NR Cell   | Remark    |
|    |           |         |           | 23        |           |
+====+===========+=========+===========+===========+===========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -88       | Off       | The power |
|    |           |         |           |           | level     |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           | values    |
|    |           |         |           |           | are       |
|    |           |         |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |         |           |           | to ensure |
|    |           |         |           |           | the UE    |
|    |           |         |           |           | r         |
|    |           |         |           |           | egistered |
|    |           |         |           |           | on NR     |
|    |           |         |           |           | Cell 1.   |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -88       | -78       | The power |
|    |           |         |           |           | level     |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           | values    |
|    |           |         |           |           | are       |
|    |           |         |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |         |           |           | to        |
|    |           |         |           |           | satisfy   |
|    |           |         |           |           | R~NR\     |
|    |           |         |           |           |  Cell\ 1~ |
|    |           |         |           |           | \<        |
|    |           |         |           |           | R~NR\ C   |
|    |           |         |           |           | ell\ 23~. |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+

Table 6.1.2.27.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | Parameter | Unit    | NR Cell 1 | NR Cell   | Remark    |
|    |           |         |           | 23        |           |
+====+===========+=========+===========+===========+===========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -91       | Off       | The power |
|    |           |         |           |           | level     |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           | values    |
|    |           |         |           |           | are       |
|    |           |         |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |         |           |           | to ensure |
|    |           |         |           |           | the UE    |
|    |           |         |           |           | r         |
|    |           |         |           |           | egistered |
|    |           |         |           |           | on NR     |
|    |           |         |           |           | Cell 1.   |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -91       | -82       | The power |
|    |           |         |           |           | level     |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           | values    |
|    |           |         |           |           | are       |
|    |           |         |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |         |           |           | to        |
|    |           |         |           |           | satisfy   |
|    |           |         |           |           | R~NR\     |
|    |           |         |           |           |  Cell\ 1~ |
|    |           |         |           |           | \<        |
|    |           |         |           |           | R~NR\ C   |
|    |           |         |           |           | ell\ 23~. |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+

Table 6.1.2.27.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  St   Procedure                                                                                                                                                    Message Sequence   TP                          Verdict   
  ---- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------------ --------------------------- --------- ----
                                                                                                                                                                    U - S              Message                               
  1    The SS adjusts the SS/PBCH EPRE levels according to row \"T1\" in table 6.1.2.27.3.2-1/2.                                                                    \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  2    Check: Does the UE send an RRCSetupRequest on NR Cell 23 within the next 60 s?                                                                               \--\>              NR RRC: *RRCSetupRequest*   1         F
  3    The SS changes SIB4 of NR Cell 1 according to Table 6.1.2.27.3.3-1. The *ValueTag* of *SIB4* in the SI-SchedulingInfo of *SIB1* is increased on NR Cell 1.   \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  4    The SS transmits a Short message on PDCCH using P-RNTI indicating a *systemInfoModification on NR Cell 1*.                                                   \<\--              NR RRC: *Paging*            \-        \-
  5    Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.5.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 23?                   \-                 *-*                         1         \-

##### 6.1.2.27.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-31 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.27.3.3-1: *SIB4* for NR Cell 1 (step 3, Table
6.1.2.27.3.2-3)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -----------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  Information Element                                                                               Value/Remark                                                                                                    Comment                              Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  interFreqCarrierFreqList-v1700 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo-v1700 {   The same number of entries as the configured inter-freq carriers defined in TS38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.3.1.2-1.   *n* denotes the index of the entry   
  InterFreqCarrierFreqList-v1700\[n\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                    entry n                              
  redCapAccessAllowed-r17                                                                           true                                                                                                                                                 
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -----------

Table 6.1.2.27.3.3-2: SIB1 of NR Cell 1 (step 3, Table 6.1.2.27.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                 
  ---------------------------------------------------- ------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark        Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                
  si-SchedulingInfo                                    SI-SchedulingInfo             
  }                                                                                  

Table 6.1.2.27.3.3-3: SI-SchedulingInfo (si-SchedulingInfo in Table
6.1.2.27.3.3-2)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.3-173                                                 
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                        Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SI-SchedulingInfo ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                    
  schedulingInfoList SEQUENCE (SIZE(1..maxSI-Message)) OF SchedulingInfo {   1 entry                  
  SchedulingInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                            entry 1   
  sib-MappingInfo SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSIB)) OF SIB-TypeInfo {              1 entry                  
  SIB-TypeInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                              entry 1   
  Type                                                                       sibType4                 
  valueTag                                                                   1                        
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   

Table 6.1.2.27.3.3-4: *SIB4* for NR Cell 1 (preamble, Table
6.1.2.27.3.2-3)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -----------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  Information Element                                                                               Value/Remark                                                                                                    Comment                              Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  interFreqCarrierFreqList-v1700 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo-v1700 {   The same number of entries as the configured inter-freq carriers defined in TS38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.3.1.2-1.   *n* denotes the index of the entry   
  InterFreqCarrierFreqList-v1700\[n\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                    entry n                              
  redCapAccessAllowed-r17                                                                           Not present                                                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -----------

#### 6.1.2.28 Cell selection / NES mode

##### 6.1.2.28.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-33 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-77 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure** that {

**when** { a cell fulfils the requirements for a suitable cell except
*cellBarred* in MIB is set to \"barred" and *cellBarredNES* in SIB1 is
absent }

**then** { the UE considers the cell as barred and no camping on this
cell can take place }

}

##### (2) {#section-78 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure** that {

**when** { a cell fulfils the requirements for a suitable cell except
*cellBarred* in MIB is set to \"barred" and *cellBarredNES* in SIB1 is
set to \"notBarred" }

**then** { the UE considers the cell suitable and camps on it }

}

##### 6.1.2.28.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-33 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 38.331 clauses 5.2.2.4.1 and 5.2.2.4.2. Unless
otherwise stated these are Rel-18 requirements.

\[TS 38.331, clause 5.2.2.4.1\]

Upon receiving the *MIB* the UE shall:

1\> store the acquired *MIB*;

1\> if the UE is in RRC\_IDLE or in RRC\_INACTIVE, or if the UE is in
RRC\_CONNECTED while *T311* is running:

2\> if the access is not for NTN or the UE is not capable of NTN; and

2\> if the UE does not support *nes-CellDTX-DRX*; and

2\> if the access is not for ATG or the UE is not capable of ATG; and

2\> if the *cellBarred* in the acquired *MIB* is set to *barred*:

3\> if the UE is an (e)RedCap UE or a 2Rx XR UE and if
*ssb-SubcarrierOffset* indicates *SIB1* is transmitted in the cell (TS
38.213 \[13\]):

4\> acquire the *SIB1,* which is scheduled as specified in TS 38.213
\[13\];

3\> consider the cell as barred in accordance with TS 38.304 \[20\];

3\> perform cell re-selection to other cells on the same frequency as
the barred cell as specified in TS 38.304 \[20\]*;*

2\> else:

3\> apply the received *systemFrameNumber*, *pdcch-ConfigSIB1*,
*subCarrierSpacingCommon*, *ssb-SubcarrierOffset* and
*dmrs-TypeA-Position*.

NOTE 1: A UE capable of NTN access should acquire SIB1 to determine
whether the cell is an NTN cell.

NOTE 2: A UE capable of ATG access should acquire SIB1 to determine
whether the cell is an ATG cell.

NOTE 3: A UE indicating any of the values in *nes-CellDTX-DRX* should
acquire SIB1 to determine the cell barring status when the *cellBarred*
in MIB is set to *barred*.

\[TS 38.331, clause 5.2.2.4.2\]

Upon receiving the *SIB1* the UE shall:

1.  store the acquired *SIB1*;

> ...

1\> if the UE supports *nes-CellDTX-DRX* and it is in RRC\_IDLE or in
RRC\_INACTIVE, or if the UE supporting *nes-CellDTX-DRX* is in
RRC\_CONNECTED while *T311* is running:

2\> if *cellBarred* in the acquired *MIB* is set to *barred*:

3\> *if cellBarredNES* is absent in the acquired *SIB1:*

4\> consider the cell as barred in accordance with TS 38.304 \[20\];

4\> perform cell re-selection to other cells on the same frequency as
the barred cell as specified in TS 38.304 \[20\], upon which the
procedure ends;

##### 6.1.2.28.3 Test description {#test-description-33 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.28.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-33 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-25 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1 according to TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.2-3.

\- System information combination NR-1 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-33 .H6}

-   None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-34 .H6}

\- The UE is in state 0N-A on NR Cell 1 (serving cell) according to TS
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-1.

##### 6.1.2.28.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-33 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.28.3.2-1: Main behaviour

+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| St     | Procedure   | Message     | TP          | Verdict |    |
|        |             | Sequence    |             |         |    |
+========+=============+=============+=============+=========+====+
|        |             | U - S       | Message     |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 1      | The SS      | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | changes the |             |             |         |    |
|        | MIB of NR   |             |             |         |    |
|        | Cell 1 to   |             |             |         |    |
|        | set the     |             |             |         |    |
|        | cellBarred  |             |             |         |    |
|        | to          |             |             |         |    |
|        | \"barred\". |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 2      | Power on    | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | the UE      |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 3      | Check: Does | \--\>       | NR RRC:     | 1       | F  |
|        | the UE send |             | *RRCSe      |         |    |
|        | an          |             | tupRequest* |         |    |
|        | RRCS        |             |             |         |    |
|        | etupRequest |             |             |         |    |
|        | on NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|        | 1 within    |             |             |         |    |
|        | the next    |             |             |         |    |
|        | 60s?        |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 4      | Power off   | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | the UE      |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 5      | SS change   | \-          | *-*         | \-      | \- |
|        | the SIB1 of |             |             |         |    |
|        | NR Cell 1   |             |             |         |    |
|        | to set      |             |             |         |    |
|        | ce          |             |             |         |    |
|        | llBarredNES |             |             |         |    |
|        | to          |             |             |         |    |
|        | \"n         |             |             |         |    |
|        | otBarred\". |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 6      | Power on    | \-          | *-*         | \-      | \- |
|        | the UE      |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 7      | Check: Does | \--\>       | NR RRC:     | 2       | P  |
|        | the UE send |             | *RRCSe      |         |    |
|        | an          |             | tupRequest* |         |    |
|        | *RRCSe      |             |             |         |    |
|        | tupRequest* |             |             |         |    |
|        | on NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|        | 1?          |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 8-25a1 | Steps 3 to  | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | 20a1 of the |             |             |         |    |
|        | r           |             |             |         |    |
|        | egistration |             |             |         |    |
|        | procedure   |             |             |         |    |
|        | described   |             |             |         |    |
|        | in TS       |             |             |         |    |
|        | 38.508-1    |             |             |         |    |
|        | \[4\] Table |             |             |         |    |
|        | 4.5.2.2-2   |             |             |         |    |
|        | are         |             |             |         |    |
|        | performed   |             |             |         |    |
|        | on NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|        | 1.          |             |             |         |    |
|        |             |             |             |         |    |
|        | NOTE: The   |             |             |         |    |
|        | UE performs |             |             |         |    |
|        | r           |             |             |         |    |
|        | egistration |             |             |         |    |
|        | and the RRC |             |             |         |    |
|        | connection  |             |             |         |    |
|        | is          |             |             |         |    |
|        | released.   |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+

##### 6.1.2.28.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-32 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.28.3.3-1: *MIB for NR Cell 1* *(preamble and all steps,
Table 6.1*.2.28.3.2-1)

  -------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.6.1-6                            
  Information Element                                Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  MIB ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  cellBarred                                         barred                   
  }                                                                           
  -------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.1.2.28.3.3-2: *SIB1* for NR Cell 1 (step 5, Table
6.1.2.28.3.2-1)

  ------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.6.1-28                            
  Information Element                              Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                       
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                           
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                           
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                           
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                           
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                           
  cellBarredNES-r18                                notBarred                
  }                                                                         
  }                                                                         
  }                                                                         
  }                                                                         
  }                                                                         
  }                                                                         
  ------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------

#### 6.1.2.29 Cell Selection / RedCap / halfDuplexRedCapAllowed

##### 6.1.2.29.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-34 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-79 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting RedCap and supporting half-duplex FDD operation
*on* the band *in the frequencyBandList* in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { a cell fulfils the requirements for a suitable cell except
halfDuplexRedCapAllowed is *not present in SIB1 , and frequencyBandList
only includes one band in SIB1* }

**then** { the UE considers the cell as barred and no camping on this
cell can take place }

}

##### 6.1.2.29.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-34 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 38.331, clauses 5.2.2.4.2. Unless otherwise stated
these are Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 38.331 clause 5.2.2.4.2\]

Upon receiving the *SIB1* the UE shall:

...

1\> if the UE is a RedCap UE and it is in RRC\_IDLE or in RRC\_INACTIVE,
or if the RedCap UE is in RRC\_CONNECTED while *T311* is running:

2\> *if intraFreqReselectionRedCap* is not present in *SIB1*:

...

2\> else:

...

*3\> if the halfDuplexRedCapAllowed is not present in the acquired SIB1
and the UE supports only half-duplex FDD operation:*

4\> consider the cell as barred in accordance with TS 38.304 \[20\];

4\> perform barring based on *intraFreqReselectionRedCap* as specified
in TS 38.304 \[20\], upon which the procedure ends;

...

##### 6.1.2.29.3 Test description {#test-description-34 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.29.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-34 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-26 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 11

\- TAI of NR Cell 1 is set to \'\'TAI-1\'\', TAI of NR Cell 11 is set to
\'\'TAI-2\'\'

\- System information combination NR-2 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-34 .H6}

None

##### Preamble: {#preamble-35 .H6}

\- The UE is in 1N-A state on NR Cell 1 using generic procedure
parameter Connectivity (NR) and Test loop function(Off) according to TS
38.508-1 \[4\].

##### 6.1.2.29.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-34 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.29.3.2-1 for FR1 illustrate the downlink power levels to be
applied for the cells at various time instants of the test execution.
Row marked \"T0\" denotes the initial conditions after preamble, while
columns marked \"T1\" are to be applied subsequently in the Main
behaviour. The exact instants on which these values shall be applied are
described in the texts in this clause.

Table 6.1.2.29.3.2-1: Cell configuration changes over time for FR1

+----+-----------+---------+-----------+------------+--------+
|    | Parameter | Unit    | NR Cell 1 | NR Cell 11 | Remark |
+====+===========+=========+===========+============+========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -88       | \"Off\"    |        |
|    |           |         |           |            |        |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |            |        |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+------------+--------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | \"Off\"   | -88        |        |
|    |           |         |           |            |        |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |            |        |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+------------+--------+

Table 6.1.2.29.3.2-2: Void

Table 6.1.2.29.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| St   | Procedure   | Message     | TP          | Verdict |    |
|      |             | Sequence    |             |         |    |
+======+=============+=============+=============+=========+====+
|      |             | U - S       | Message     |         |    |
+------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 1    | SS          | \-          | *-*         | \-      | \- |
|      | re-adjusts  |             |             |         |    |
|      | the SS/PBCH |             |             |         |    |
|      | EPRE level  |             |             |         |    |
|      | of NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|      | 1 and NR    |             |             |         |    |
|      | Cell 11     |             |             |         |    |
|      | according   |             |             |         |    |
|      | to row      |             |             |         |    |
|      | \"T1\" in   |             |             |         |    |
|      | table       |             |             |         |    |
|      | 6.1.        |             |             |         |    |
|      | 2.29.3.2-1. |             |             |         |    |
+------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 2    | Check: Does | \--\>       | NR RRC:     | 1       | F  |
|      | the UE send |             | *RRCSe      |         |    |
|      | an          |             | tupRequest* |         |    |
|      | *RRCSe      |             |             |         |    |
|      | tupRequest* |             |             |         |    |
|      | on NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|      | 11 within   |             |             |         |    |
|      | the next 60 |             |             |         |    |
|      | s?          |             |             |         |    |
+------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 3    | SS          | \-          | *-*         | \-      | \- |
|      | re-adjusts  |             |             |         |    |
|      | the SS/PBCH |             |             |         |    |
|      | EPRE level  |             |             |         |    |
|      | of NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|      | 1 and NR    |             |             |         |    |
|      | Cell 11     |             |             |         |    |
|      | according   |             |             |         |    |
|      | to row      |             |             |         |    |
|      | \"T0\" in   |             |             |         |    |
|      | table       |             |             |         |    |
|      | 6.1.        |             |             |         |    |
|      | 2.29.3.2-1. |             |             |         |    |
+------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 4    | Wait 60s to | \-          | *-*         | \-      | \- |
|      | ensure UE   |             |             |         |    |
|      | select to   |             |             |         |    |
|      | NR Cell 1.  |             |             |         |    |
+------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 5-13 | The generic | \-          | *-*         | \-      | \- |
|      | test        |             |             |         |    |
|      | procedure   |             |             |         |    |
|      | in TS       |             |             |         |    |
|      | 38.508-1    |             |             |         |    |
|      | \[4\]       |             |             |         |    |
|      | clause      |             |             |         |    |
|      | 4.9.4.2.2-1 |             |             |         |    |
|      | on NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|      | 1.          |             |             |         |    |
|      |             |             |             |         |    |
|      | NOTE: The   |             |             |         |    |
|      | UE respond  |             |             |         |    |
|      | to paging   |             |             |         |    |
|      | and the RRC |             |             |         |    |
|      | connection  |             |             |         |    |
|      | is          |             |             |         |    |
|      | released.   |             |             |         |    |
+------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+

##### 6.1.2.29.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-33 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.29.3.3.3-1: *SIB1* for NR Cell 11 (preamble and all steps,
Table 6.1.2.29.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                            
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                           
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  RedCap-ConfigCommon-r17 SEQUENCE {                                            
  halfDuplexRedCapAllowed-r17                          Not present              
  cellBarredRedCap-r17 SEQUENCE {                                               
  cellBarredRedCap1Rx-r17                              Not Barred               
  cellBarredRedCap2Rx-r17                              Not Barred               
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             

#### 6.1.2.30 Cell Selection / RedCap / halfDuplexRedCapAllowed / MFBI

##### 6.1.2.30.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-35 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-80 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting RedCap and supporting half-duplex FDD operation
*on* all the bands *in the frequencyBandList* and in NR RRC\_IDLE state
}

**ensure that** {

**when** { a MFBI cell fulfils the requirements for a suitable cell
except halfDuplexRedCapAllowed is *not present in SIB1 , and
frequencyBandList includes two bands in SIB1.* }

**then** { the UE considers the cell as barred and no camping on this
cell can take place }

}

##### (2) {#section-81 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting RedCap and supporting only *half-duplex FDD
operation on the first band in the frequencyBandList and* supporting
*full-duplex FDD operation on the second band in the frequencyBandList*
and in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { a MFBI cell fulfils the requirements for a suitable cell
except halfDuplexRedCapAllowed is *not present in SIB1 , and
frequencyBandList includes two bands in SIB1.* }

**then** { the UE considers the cell as not barred and camps on it }

}

##### 6.1.2.30.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-35 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 38.331, clauses 5.2.2.4.2. Unless otherwise stated
these are Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 38.331 clause 5.2.2.4.2\]

Upon receiving the *SIB1* the UE shall:

...

1\> if the UE is a RedCap UE and it is in RRC\_IDLE or in RRC\_INACTIVE,
or if the RedCap UE is in RRC\_CONNECTED while *T311* is running:

2\> *if intraFreqReselectionRedCap* is not present in *SIB1*:

...

2\> else:

...

*3\> if the halfDuplexRedCapAllowed is not present in the acquired SIB1
and the UE supports only half-duplex FDD operation:*

4\> consider the cell as barred in accordance with TS 38.304 \[20\];

4\> perform barring based on *intraFreqReselectionRedCap* as specified
in TS 38.304 \[20\], upon which the procedure ends;

...

1\> if in RRC\_CONNECTED while T311 is not running:

...

1\> else:

> ...

2\> if the UE is not a RedCap UE, or for TDD if the UE is a RedCap UE,
or for FDD if the UE is a RedCap UE and *halfDuplexRedCapAllowed* is
present, or if the UE is a RedCap UE and the RedCap UE supports
full-duplex FDD operation on this band:

3\> if neither *trackingAreaCode* n*or trackingAreaList* is provided for
the selected PLMN nor the registered PLMN nor PLMN of the equivalent
PLMN list:

4\> consider the cell as barred in accordance with TS 38.304 \[20\];

4\> perform cell re-selection to other cells on the same frequency as
the barred cell as specified in TS 38.304 \[20\];

3\> else if UE is IAB-MT and if *iab-Support* is not provided for the
selected PLMN nor the registered PLMN nor PLMN of the equivalent PLMN
list nor the selected SNPN nor the registered SNPN:

4\> consider the cell as barred in accordance with TS 38.304 \[20\];

3\> else:

...

4\> select the first frequency band in the *frequencyBandList*, for FDD
from *frequencyBandList* for uplink, or for TDD from *frequencyBandList*
for downlink, which the UE supports and for which the UE supports at
least one of the *additionalSpectrumEmission* values in
*nr-NS-PmaxList*, if present, and for RedCap UEs in FDD, if the
*halfDuplexRedCapAllowed* is not present, for which the UE supports
full-duplex FDD operation;

> ...

2\> else:

3\> consider the cell as barred in accordance with TS 38.304 \[20\]; and

3\> perform barring as if intraFreqReselection, or
intraFreqReselectionRedCap for RedCap UEs, is set to notAllowed;

##### 6.1.2.30.3 Test description {#test-description-35 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.30.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-35 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-27 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 11

\- TAI of NR Cell 1 is set to \'\'TAI-1\'\', TAI of NR Cell 11 is set to
\'\'TAI-2\'\'

\- NR Cell 11 is MFBI capable cell

\- NR Cell 11 belongs to the frequency which overlaps between bands
controlled by IXITs px\_NR\_OverlappingSupportedBand\_MFBI and
px\_NR\_PrimaryBand.

\- System information combination NR-2 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-35 .H6}

\- UE supports px\_NR\_OverlappingSupportedBand\_MFBI

##### Preamble: {#preamble-36 .H6}

\- The UE is in 1N-A state on NR Cell 1 using generic procedure
parameter Connectivity (NR) and Test loop function(Off) according to TS
38.508-1 \[4\].

##### 6.1.2.30.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-35 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.30.3.2-1 for FR1 illustrate the downlink power levels to be
applied for the cells at various time instants of the test execution.
Row marked \"T0\" denotes the initial conditions after preamble, while
columns marked \"T1\" are to be applied subsequently in the Main
behaviour. The exact instants on which these values shall be applied are
described in the texts in this clause.

Table 6.1.2.30.3.2-1: Cell configuration changes over time for FR1

+----+-----------+---------+-----------+------------+--------+
|    | Parameter | Unit    | NR Cell 1 | NR Cell 11 | Remark |
+====+===========+=========+===========+============+========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -88       | \"Off\"    |        |
|    |           |         |           |            |        |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |            |        |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+------------+--------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | \"Off\"   | -88        |        |
|    |           |         |           |            |        |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |            |        |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+------------+--------+

Table 6.1.2.30.3.2-2: Void

Table 6.1.2.30.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| St       | Procedure | Message   | TP        | Verdict |    |
|          |           | Sequence  |           |         |    |
+==========+===========+===========+===========+=========+====+
|          |           | U - S     | Message   |         |    |
+----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| \-       | E         | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|          | XCEPTION: |           |           |         |    |
|          | Steps 1a1 |           |           |         |    |
|          | to 1b7    |           |           |         |    |
|          | describe  |           |           |         |    |
|          | behaviour |           |           |         |    |
|          | that      |           |           |         |    |
|          | depends   |           |           |         |    |
|          | on the    |           |           |         |    |
|          | band      |           |           |         |    |
|          | undertest |           |           |         |    |
|          | and UE    |           |           |         |    |
|          | capa      |           |           |         |    |
|          | bilities; |           |           |         |    |
|          | the       |           |           |         |    |
|          | \"lower   |           |           |         |    |
|          | case      |           |           |         |    |
|          | letter\"  |           |           |         |    |
|          | i         |           |           |         |    |
|          | dentifies |           |           |         |    |
|          | a step    |           |           |         |    |
|          | sequence  |           |           |         |    |
|          | that take |           |           |         |    |
|          | place if  |           |           |         |    |
|          | a         |           |           |         |    |
|          | specific  |           |           |         |    |
|          | prior     |           |           |         |    |
|          | event     |           |           |         |    |
|          | takes     |           |           |         |    |
|          | place.    |           |           |         |    |
+----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1a1      | IF        | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|          | pc\       |           |           |         |    |
|          | _halfDupl |           |           |         |    |
|          | exFDD\_Ty |           |           |         |    |
|          | peA\_RedC |           |           |         |    |
|          | ap\_MFBI= |           |           |         |    |
|          | True,     |           |           |         |    |
|          | THEN SS   |           |           |         |    |
|          | r         |           |           |         |    |
|          | e-adjusts |           |           |         |    |
|          | the       |           |           |         |    |
|          | SS/PBCH   |           |           |         |    |
|          | EPRE      |           |           |         |    |
|          | level of  |           |           |         |    |
|          | NR Cell   |           |           |         |    |
|          | 1, NR     |           |           |         |    |
|          | Cell 11   |           |           |         |    |
|          | according |           |           |         |    |
|          | to row    |           |           |         |    |
|          | \"T1\" in |           |           |         |    |
|          | table     |           |           |         |    |
|          | 6.1.2.    |           |           |         |    |
|          | 30.3.2-1. |           |           |         |    |
+----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1a2      | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1       | F  |
|          | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |         |    |
|          | UE send   |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|          | an        |           |           |         |    |
|          | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|          | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|          | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|          | Cell 11   |           |           |         |    |
|          | within    |           |           |         |    |
|          | the next  |           |           |         |    |
|          | 60 s?     |           |           |         |    |
+----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1a3      | SS        | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|          | r         |           |           |         |    |
|          | e-adjusts |           |           |         |    |
|          | the       |           |           |         |    |
|          | SS/PBCH   |           |           |         |    |
|          | EPRE      |           |           |         |    |
|          | level of  |           |           |         |    |
|          | NR Cell 1 |           |           |         |    |
|          | and NR    |           |           |         |    |
|          | Cell 11   |           |           |         |    |
|          | according |           |           |         |    |
|          | to row    |           |           |         |    |
|          | \"T0\" in |           |           |         |    |
|          | table     |           |           |         |    |
|          | 6.1.2.    |           |           |         |    |
|          | 30.3.2-1. |           |           |         |    |
+----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1a4      | Wait 60s  | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|          | to ensure |           |           |         |    |
|          | UE select |           |           |         |    |
|          | to NR     |           |           |         |    |
|          | Cell 1.   |           |           |         |    |
+----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1a5-1a13 | The       | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|          | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|          | test      |           |           |         |    |
|          | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|          | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|          | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|          | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|          | clause    |           |           |         |    |
|          | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|          | 9.4.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|          | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|          | Cell 1.   |           |           |         |    |
|          |           |           |           |         |    |
|          | NOTE: The |           |           |         |    |
|          | UE        |           |           |         |    |
|          | respond   |           |           |         |    |
|          | to paging |           |           |         |    |
|          | and the   |           |           |         |    |
|          | RRC       |           |           |         |    |
|          | c         |           |           |         |    |
|          | onnection |           |           |         |    |
|          | is        |           |           |         |    |
|          | released. |           |           |         |    |
+----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1b1      | ELSE IF   | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|          | pc\       |           |           |         |    |
|          | _halfDupl |           |           |         |    |
|          | exFDD\_Ty |           |           |         |    |
|          | peA\_RedC |           |           |         |    |
|          | ap\_MFBI= |           |           |         |    |
|          | False     |           |           |         |    |
|          | THEN SS   |           |           |         |    |
|          | r         |           |           |         |    |
|          | e-adjusts |           |           |         |    |
|          | the       |           |           |         |    |
|          | SS/PBCH   |           |           |         |    |
|          | EPRE      |           |           |         |    |
|          | level of  |           |           |         |    |
|          | NR Cell   |           |           |         |    |
|          | 1, NR     |           |           |         |    |
|          | Cell 11   |           |           |         |    |
|          | according |           |           |         |    |
|          | to row    |           |           |         |    |
|          | \"T1\" in |           |           |         |    |
|          | table     |           |           |         |    |
|          | 6.1.2.    |           |           |         |    |
|          | 30.3.2-1. |           |           |         |    |
+----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1b2-1b7  | Check:    | \-        | *-*       | 2       | \- |
|          | Does the  |           |           |         |    |
|          | test      |           |           |         |    |
|          | result of |           |           |         |    |
|          | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|          | test      |           |           |         |    |
|          | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|          | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|          | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|          | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|          | clause    |           |           |         |    |
|          | 4.9.5     |           |           |         |    |
|          | indicate  |           |           |         |    |
|          | that the  |           |           |         |    |
|          | UE is     |           |           |         |    |
|          | camped on |           |           |         |    |
|          | NR Cell   |           |           |         |    |
|          | 11?       |           |           |         |    |
|          |           |           |           |         |    |
|          | NOTE: The |           |           |         |    |
|          | RRC       |           |           |         |    |
|          | c         |           |           |         |    |
|          | onnection |           |           |         |    |
|          | is        |           |           |         |    |
|          | released  |           |           |         |    |
|          | and UE is |           |           |         |    |
|          | in        |           |           |         |    |
|          | RRC\_IDLE |           |           |         |    |
|          | mode.     |           |           |         |    |
+----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+

##### 6.1.2.30.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-34 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.30.3.3.3-1: *SIB1* for NR Cell 11 (preamble and all steps,
Table 6.1.2.30.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                                         
  ---------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------- ------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark                 Comment                  Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                        
  servingCellConfigCommon                              ServingCellConfigCommonSIB   Table 6.1.2.30.3.3.3-2   
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                                            
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                                            
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                                            
  RedCap-ConfigCommon-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                         
  halfDuplexRedCapAllowed-r17                          Not present                                           
  cellBarredRedCap-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                            
  cellBarredRedCap1Rx-r17                              Not Barred                                            
  cellBarredRedCap2Rx-r17                              Not Barred                                            
  }                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                          

Table 6.1.2.30.3.3.3-2: *ServingCellConfigCommonSIB (*Table
6.1.2.30.3.3.3-1*)*

  ----------------------------------------------------- ------------------------- ------------------------ -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.3-169                                                      
  Information Element                                   Value/remark              Comment                  Condition
  ServingCellConfigCommonSIB ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                
  downlinkConfigCommon                                  DownlinkConfigCommonSIB   Table 6.1.2.30.3.3.3-3   
  uplinkConfigCommon                                    UplinkConfigCommonSIB     Table 6.1.2.30.3.3.3-5   
  }                                                                                                        
  ----------------------------------------------------- ------------------------- ------------------------ -----------

Table 6.1.2.30.3.3.3-3: *DownlinkConfigCommonSIB (*Table
6.1.2.30.3.3.3-2*)*

  ---------------------------------------------------- --------------------- ------------------------ -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.3-53                                                  
  Information Element                                  Value/remark          Comment                  Condition
  DownlinkConfigCommonSIB ::= SEQUENCE {                                                              
  frequencyInfoDL                                      FrequencyInfoDL-SIB   Table 6.1.2.30.3.3.3-4   
  ---------------------------------------------------- --------------------- ------------------------ -----------

Table 6.1.2.30.3.3.3-4: *FrequencyInfoDL-SIB (*Table 6.1.2.30.3.3.3-3*)*

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.3-60                                                                                                                                    
  Information Element                                                               Value/remark                                                                              Comment   Condition
  FrequencyInfoDL-SIB ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                    
  frequencyBandList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1.. maxNrofMultiBands)) OF NR-MultiBandInfo {   2 entries                                                                                           
  NR-MultiBandInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                            entry 1   
  freqBandIndicatorNR                                                               An overlapping Band under test (px\_NR\_PrimaryBand).                                               
  nr-NS-PmaxList                                                                    NR-NS-PmaxList                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                                                     
  NR-MultiBandInfo\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                            entry 2   
  freqBandIndicatorNR                                                               An overlapping frequency band MFBI under test (px\_NR\_OverlappingSupportedBand\_MFBI).             
  nr-NS-PmaxList                                                                    NR-NS-PmaxList                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                                                                                     
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.1.2.30.3.3.3-5: *UplinkConfigCommonSIB (*Table
6.1.2.30.3.3.3-2*)*

  ----------------------------------------------------- --------------------- ------------------------ -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.3-202                                                  
  Information Element                                   Value/remark          Comment                  Condition
  UplinkConfigCommonSIB SEQUENCE {                                                                     
  frequencyInfoUL                                       FrequencyInfoUL-SIB   Table 6.1.2.30.3.3.3-6   
  }                                                                                                    
  ----------------------------------------------------- --------------------- ------------------------ -----------

Table 6.1.2.30.3.3.3-6: *FrequencyInfoUL-SIB (*Table 6.1.2.30.3.3.3-5*)*

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.3-62                                                                                                                                    
  Information Element                                                               Value/remark                                                                              Comment   Condition
  *FrequencyInfoUL-SIB* ::= *SEQUENCE {*                                                                                                                                                
  frequencyBandList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1.. maxNrofMultiBands)) OF NR-MultiBandInfo {   2 entries                                                                                           
  NR-MultiBandInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                            entry 1   
  freqBandIndicatorNR                                                               An overlapping Band under test (px\_NR\_PrimaryBand).                                               
  nr-NS-PmaxList                                                                    NR-NS-PmaxList                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                                                     
  NR-MultiBandInfo\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                            entry 2   
  freqBandIndicatorNR                                                               An overlapping frequency band MFBI under test (px\_NR\_OverlappingSupportedBand\_MFBI).             
  nr-NS-PmaxList                                                                    NR-NS-PmaxList                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                                                                                     
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------- -----------

#### 6.1.2.31 Cell reselection / 2Rx XR / Serving cell becomes barred (MIB Indicated barred)

##### 6.1.2.31.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-36 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-82 .H6}

**with** { 2Rx XR UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state on the cell where 4Rx antenna
ports are mandated}

**ensure that** {

**when** { the serving cell becomes barred for 2Rx XR UEs and there is a
suitable neighbour cell for 2Rx XR UEs}

**then** { UE selects the suitable neighbour cell }

}

##### 6.1.2.31.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-36 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: 3GPP TS 38.304 clause 5.3.1. Unless otherwise stated these
are Rel-18 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.3.1\]

Cell status and cell reservations are indicated in the *MIB or SIB1*
message as specified in TS 38.331 \[3\] by means of following fields:

\- ***cellBarred*** (IE type: \"barred\" or \"not barred\")\
Indicated in *MIB* message. In case of multiple PLMNs or NPNs indicated
in *SIB1*, this field is common for all PLMNs and NPNs. This field is
ignored by UEs supporting NTN while *cellBarredNTN* is included in SIB1.

*- cellBarredATG* (IE type: \"barred\" or \"not barred\")\
Indicated in *SIB1* message. In case of multiple PLMNs or NPNs indicated
in *SIB1*, this field is common for all PLMNs and NPNs. This field is
only applicable to ATG UEs.

*-* *cellBarred2RxXR* (IE type: \"barred\")\
Indicated in *SIB1* message. In case of multiple PLMNs or NPNs indicated
in *SIB1*, this field is common for all PLMNs and NPNs. This field is
only applicable to 2Rx XR UEs.

...

When cell status is indicated as \"not barred\" and \"not reserved\" for
operator use and not \"true\" for other use and not \"true\" for future
use,

\- UEs shall treat this cell as candidate during the cell selection and
cell reselection procedures.

...

When *cellBarred2RxXR* is broadcast in this cell,

\- The 2Rx XR UE shall treat this cell as if cell status is \"barred\".

...

When cell status \"barred\" is indicated or to be treated as if the cell
status is \"barred\",

\- The UE is not permitted to select/reselect this cell, not even for
emergency calls except for the below cases:

...

\- When *cellBarred2RxXR is present in SIB1, a* 2Rx XR UE can consider
the cell as acceptable cell, only if the cell selection criteria are
fulfilled as defined in clause 5.2.3, *cellBarred* in MIB is not set to
\"barred\" and in SIB1, *barringExemptEmergencyCall* is present;

\- The UE shall select another cell according to the following rule:

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to being unable to acquire the *MIB*:

\- the UE may exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for up to 300 seconds.

\- the UE may select another cell on the same frequency if the selection
criteria are fulfilled.

\- else:

...

*- If the UE is a 2Rx XR UE, the UE shall acquire SIB1 and, in the
remainder of this procedure, consider \'intraFreqReselection in MIB\' to
be \'intraFreqReselection2RxXR in SIB1\', if available:*

##### 6.1.2.31.3 Test description {#test-description-36 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.31.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-36 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-28 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 11 have different tracking areas according to
TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.2-3 and belong to NR band where 4RX
operation is mandated.

\- System information combination NR-2 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

UE:

None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-37 .H6}

\- 2Rx XR UE is in state 1N-A on NR Cell 1(serving cell) according to
38.508-1 \[4\].

##### 6.1.2.31.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-36 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.31.3.2-1/2 illustrate the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the cells at various time instants
of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause. The configuration T0
indicates the initial conditions for preamble. Configurations marked
\"T1\"and \"T2\"are applied at the points indicated in the Main
behaviour description in Table 6.1.2.31.3.2-3.

Table 6.1.2.31.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

                                                                               **Parameter**      **Unit**   **NR Cell 1**   **NR Cell 11**   **Remark**
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ---------- --------------- ---------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **T0**                                                                       SS/PBCH SSS EPRE   dBm/SCS    -88             \"Off\"          The power level values are assigned to ensure the UE registered on NR Cell 1.
                                                                               Qrxlevmin          dBm        -110            \-               
  **T1**                                                                       SS/PBCH SSS EPRE   dBm/SCS    -94             -88              Srxlev~NRCell\ 11~ \> 0, Srxlev~NRCell\ 1~ \> 0
                                                                               Qrxlevmin          dBm        -110            -110             
                                                                               cellBarred2RxXR    \-         barred          notBarred        Serving cell becomes barred
  NOTE 1: Power level "Off" is defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.2.2.1-3.                                                                  

Table 6.1.2.31.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

                                                                               **Parameter**      **Unit**   **NR Cell 1**      **NR Cell 11**     **Remark**
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ---------- ------------------ ------------------ -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **T0**                                                                       SS/PBCH SSS EPRE   dBm/SCS    -82                \"Off\"            The power level values are assigned to ensure the UE registered on NR Cell 1.
                                                                               Qrxlevmin          dBm        -110+Delta(NRf1)   \-                 
  **T1**                                                                       SS/PBCH SSS EPRE   dBm/SCS    -91                -82                Srxlev~NRCell\ 11~ \> 0, Srxlev~NRCell\ 1~ \> 0
                                                                               Qrxlevmin          dBm        -110+Delta(NRf1)   -110+Delta(NRf1)   
                                                                               cellBarred2RxXR    \-         barred             notBarred          Serving cell becomes barred
  NOTE 1: Power level "Off" is defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.2.2.2-2.                                                                       

Table 6.1.2.31.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+--------+------------+------------+------------+------------+----+
| **St** | **P        | **Message  | **TP**     | *          |    |
|        | rocedure** | Sequence** |            | *Verdict** |    |
+========+============+============+============+============+====+
|        |            | **U - S**  | *          |            |    |
|        |            |            | *Message** |            |    |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+------------+----+
| 1      | SS changes | \-         | \-         | \-         | \- |
|        | NR Cell    |            |            |            |    |
|        | 1/Cell 11  |            |            |            |    |
|        | SS/PBCH    |            |            |            |    |
|        | EPRE level |            |            |            |    |
|        | and NR     |            |            |            |    |
|        | Cell 1     |            |            |            |    |
|        | SIB1 IE    |            |            |            |    |
|        | cellBarre  |            |            |            |    |
|        | d2RxXR-r18 |            |            |            |    |
|        | according  |            |            |            |    |
|        | to row     |            |            |            |    |
|        | \"T1\" in  |            |            |            |    |
|        | table      |            |            |            |    |
|        | 6.1.2.3    |            |            |            |    |
|        | 1.3.2-1/2. |            |            |            |    |
|        | And SS     |            |            |            |    |
|        | transmits  |            |            |            |    |
|        | Short      |            |            |            |    |
|        | Message on |            |            |            |    |
|        | PDCCH      |            |            |            |    |
|        | addressed  |            |            |            |    |
|        | to P-RNTI  |            |            |            |    |
|        | using      |            |            |            |    |
|        | Short      |            |            |            |    |
|        | Message    |            |            |            |    |
|        | field in   |            |            |            |    |
|        | DCI format |            |            |            |    |
|        | 1\_0. Bit  |            |            |            |    |
|        | 1 of Short |            |            |            |    |
|        | Message    |            |            |            |    |
|        | field is   |            |            |            |    |
|        | set to 1   |            |            |            |    |
|        | to         |            |            |            |    |
|        | indicate   |            |            |            |    |
|        | the        |            |            |            |    |
|        | SysInfo    |            |            |            |    |
|        | Mod        |            |            |            |    |
|        | ification. |            |            |            |    |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+------------+----+
| 2      | Check:     | \-         | \-         | 1          | \- |
|        | Does the   |            |            |            |    |
|        | test       |            |            |            |    |
|        | result of  |            |            |            |    |
|        | generic    |            |            |            |    |
|        | test       |            |            |            |    |
|        | procedure  |            |            |            |    |
|        | in TS      |            |            |            |    |
|        | 38.508-1   |            |            |            |    |
|        | \[4\]      |            |            |            |    |
|        | clause     |            |            |            |    |
|        | 4.9.5      |            |            |            |    |
|        | indicate   |            |            |            |    |
|        | that the   |            |            |            |    |
|        | UE is      |            |            |            |    |
|        | camped on  |            |            |            |    |
|        | NR Cell    |            |            |            |    |
|        | 11?        |            |            |            |    |
|        |            |            |            |            |    |
|        | NOTE: The  |            |            |            |    |
|        | RRC        |            |            |            |    |
|        | connection |            |            |            |    |
|        | is         |            |            |            |    |
|        | released   |            |            |            |    |
|        | and UE is  |            |            |            |    |
|        | in         |            |            |            |    |
|        | RRC\_IDLE  |            |            |            |    |
|        | mode.      |            |            |            |    |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+------------+----+

6.1.2.31.3.3 Specific message contents

Table 6.1.2.31.3.3-1: *SIB1 for NR Cells 1 and 11 (*Preamble and all
steps, table 6.1.2.31.3.2-3)

  ---------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- --------------------- ---------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                                       
  **Information Element**                              **Value/remark**              **Comment**           **Condition**
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                      
  cellSelectionInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                             
  q-RxLevMin                                           -55                           -110 dBm              FR1
                                                       ROUND((-110+Delta(NRf1))/2)   110+Delta(NRf1) dBm   FR2
  }                                                                                                        
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                                          
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                                          
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                                          
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                                          
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                                          
  cellBarred2RxXR-r18                                  barred                                              NR Cell 1
  }                                                                                                        
  }                                                                                                        
  }                                                                                                        
  }                                                                                                        
  }                                                                                                        
  }                                                                                                        
  ---------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- --------------------- ---------------

Table 6.1.2.31.3.3-2: *SIB2 for NR Cells 1 and 11 (*Preamble and all
steps, table 6.1.2.31.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                                                       
  --------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- --------------------- ---------------
  **Information Element**                             **Value/remark**              **Comment**           **Condition**
  SIB2 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                     
  cellReselectionInfoCommon SEQUENCE {                                                                    
  rangeToBestCell                                     Not present                                         
  }                                                                                                       
  intraFreqCellReselectionInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                 
  q-RxLevMin                                          -55                           -110 dBm              FR1
                                                      ROUND((-110+Delta(NRf1))/2)   110+Delta(NRf1) dBm   FR2
  t-ReselectionNR                                     7                                                   
  }                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                       

#### 6.1.2.32 Cell reselection / 2Rx XR / Intra frequency reselection not allowed

##### 6.1.2.32.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-37 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-83 .H6}

**with** { 2Rx XR UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state on the cell where 4Rx antenna
ports are mandated }

**ensure that** {

**when** { the serving cell becomes barred for 2Rx XR UEs and
broadcasting intraFreqReselection2RxXR to \"not allowed\" and 2Rx XR UE
detects both intra-frequency and equal priority inter-frequency
neighbour cells and the intra-frequency cell is the highest ranked cell
}

**then** { UE reselects the inter-frequency cell }

}

##### 6.1.2.32.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-37 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.6 and 5.3.1 & TS 38.331, clause
5.2.2.4.2 . Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-18 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.6\]

The cell-ranking criterion R~s~ for serving cell and R~n~ for
neighbouring cells is defined by:

+-------------------------------------------+
| R~s~ = Q~meas,s~ +Q~hyst~ - Qoffset~temp~ |
|                                           |
| R~n~ = Q~meas,n~ -Qoffset - Qoffset~temp~ |
+-------------------------------------------+

where:

+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Q~meas~       | RSRP measurement quantity used in cell              |
|               | reselections.                                       |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset       | For intra-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~, if     |
|               | Qoffset~s,n~ is valid, otherwise this equals to     |
|               | zero.                                               |
|               |                                                     |
|               | For inter-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~ plus    |
|               | Qoffset~frequency~, if Qoffset~s,n~ is valid,       |
|               | otherwise this equals to Qoffset~frequency~.        |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset~temp~ | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as specified   |
|               | in TS 38.331 \[3\].                                 |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

The UE shall perform ranking of all cells that fulfil the cell selection
criterion S, which is defined in 5.2.3.2.

The cells shall be ranked according to the R criteria specified above by
deriving Q~meas,n~ and Q~meas,s~ and calculating the R values using
averaged RSRP results.

If *rangeToBestCell* is not configured, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell. If this cell is found to be
not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to clause 5.2.4.4.

If *rangeToBestCell* is configured*,* then the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the cell with the highest number of beams above the
threshold (i.e. *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation*) among the cells whose
R value is within *rangeToBestCell* of the R value of the highest ranked
cell. If there are multiple such cells, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell among them. If this cell is found
to be not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to clause 5.2.4.4.

In all cases, the UE shall reselect the new cell, only if the following
conditions are met:

\- the new cell is better than the serving cell according to the cell
reselection criteria specified above during a time interval
Treselection~RAT~;

\- more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

NOTE: If *rangeToBestCell* is configured but
*absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* is not configured on an NR frequency,
the UE considers that there is one beam above the threshold for each
cell on that frequency.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.3.1\]

Cell status and cell reservations are indicated in the *MIB or SIB1*
message as specified in TS 38.331 \[3\] by means of following fields:

\- ***cellBarred*** (IE type: \"barred\" or \"not barred\")\
Indicated in *MIB* message. In case of multiple PLMNs or NPNs indicated
in *SIB1*, this field is common for all PLMNs and NPNs. This field is
ignored by UEs supporting NTN while *cellBarredNTN* is included in SIB1.

*- cellBarredATG* (IE type: \"barred\" or \"not barred\")\
Indicated in *SIB1* message. In case of multiple PLMNs or NPNs indicated
in *SIB1*, this field is common for all PLMNs and NPNs. This field is
only applicable to ATG UEs.

*-* *cellBarred2RxXR* (IE type: \"barred\")\
Indicated in *SIB1* message. In case of multiple PLMNs or NPNs indicated
in *SIB1*, this field is common for all PLMNs and NPNs. This field is
only applicable to 2Rx XR UEs.

...

When cell status is indicated as \"not barred\" and \"not reserved\" for
operator use and not \"true\" for other use and not \"true\" for future
use,

\- UEs shall treat this cell as candidate during the cell selection and
cell reselection procedures.

...

When *cellBarred2RxXR* is broadcast in this cell,

\- The 2Rx XR UE shall treat this cell as if cell status is \"barred\".

...

When cell status \"barred\" is indicated or to be treated as if the cell
status is \"barred\",

\- The UE is not permitted to select/reselect this cell, not even for
emergency calls except for the below cases:

...

\- When *cellBarred2RxXR is present in SIB1, a* 2Rx XR UE can consider
the cell as acceptable cell, only if the cell selection criteria are
fulfilled as defined in clause 5.2.3, *cellBarred* in MIB is not set to
\"barred\" and in SIB1, *barringExemptEmergencyCall* is present;

\- The UE shall select another cell according to the following rule:

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to being unable to acquire the *MIB*:

\- the UE may exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for up to 300 seconds.

\- the UE may select another cell on the same frequency if the selection
criteria are fulfilled.

\- else:

...

*- If the UE is a 2Rx XR UE, the UE shall acquire SIB1 and, in the
remainder of this procedure, consider \'intraFreqReselection in MIB\' to
be \'intraFreqReselection2RxXR in SIB1\', if available:*

\[TS 38.331, clause 5.2.2.4.2\]

1\> if the UE is a 2Rx XR UE and is in RRC\_IDLE or in RRC\_INACTIVE, or
if the 2Rx XR UE is in RRC\_CONNECTED while *T311* is running:

2\> if the *cellBarred2RxXR* is present in the acquired *SIB1*:

3\> consider the cell as barred in accordance with TS 38.304 \[20\];

3\> if the *intraFreqReselection2RxXR* is present in the acquired
*SIB1*:

4\> perform barring based on *intraFreqReselection2RxXR* as specified in
TS 38.304 \[20\] upon which the procedure ends;

3\> else:

4\> perform barring as if *intraFreqReselection2RxXR* is set to allowed
upon which the procedure ends

##### 6.1.2.32.3 Test description {#test-description-37 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.32.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-37 .H6}

System Simulator:

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 11 and NR Cell 12 have different tracking areas
according to TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.2-3 and belong to NR band where
4RX operation is mandated.

\- System information combination NR-4 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR Cells.

##### UE: {#ue-36 .H6}

None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-38 .H6}

\- The 2Rx XR UE is in NR RRC Idle mode (state 1N-A) on NR Cell 1
according to TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-1.

##### 6.1.2.32.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-37 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.32.3.2-1/2 illustrate the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the cell at various time instants
of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause. Configuration marked
\"T0" is applied at the point indicated in the Main behaviour
description in Table 6.1.2.32.3.2-3.

Table 6.1.2.32.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|         | rameter |         | 1       | 11      | 12      |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -115    | off     | off     |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -115    | -78     | -94     | The     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are set |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | so that |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | R~NRC   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \<      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | R~NRC   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 3~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \< R    |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ~NRCe   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 2~. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| level   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| "Off"   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| defined |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 3       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 8.508-1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[4\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 6.2     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .2.1-3. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.1.2.32.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|         | rameter |         | 1       | 11      | 12      |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -100    | off     | off     |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -100    | -82     | -91     | The     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are set |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | so that |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | RNRCell |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | 1 \<    |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | RNRCell |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | 3 \< R  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | NRCell  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | 2.      |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| level   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| "Off"   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| defined |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 3       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 8.508-1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[4\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 6.2     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .2.1-3. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.1.2.32.3.2-2: Main behaviour

  St   Procedure                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Message Sequence   TP        Verdict   
  ---- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ --------- --------- ----
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  U - S              Message             
  1    SS transmits Short Message on PDCCH addressed to P-RNTI using Short Message field in DCI format 1\_0. Bit 1 of Short Message field is set to 1 to indicate the SysInfo Modification and SS changes SS/PBCH EPRE level according to row \"T1\" in table 6.1.2.32.3.2-1/2.   \-                 *-*       \-        \-
  2    Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.5.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 12?                                                                                                                                 \-                 *-*       1         \-

##### 6.1.2.32.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-35 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.32.3.3-1: *SIB1* for NR Cell 1 (step 1, Table
6.1.2.32.3.2-2)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                            
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                           
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  intraFreqReselection2RxXR-r18                        notAllowed               
  cellBarred2RxXR-r18                                  barred                   
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             

#### 6.1.2.33 Cell reselection / 2Rx XR / Access not allowed

##### 6.1.2.33.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-38 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-84 .H6}

**with** { 2Rx XR UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state}

**ensure that** {

**when** { 2Rx XR UE detects the cell reselection criteria are met for
two cells on different frequencies and the serving cell is broadcasting
accessAllowed2RxXR to \"false\" for the cell on the first frequency and
\"true\" for the cell on the second frequency}

**then** { UE reselects the cell which belongs to the frequency for
which the serving cell is broadcasting accessAllowed2RxXR \"true\"}

}

##### 6.1.2.33.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-38 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: 3GPP TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.6 and TS 38.331, clause 6.3.1
and 5.2.2.4.5. Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-18 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.6\]

The cell-ranking criterion R~s~ for serving cell and R~n~ for
neighbouring cells is defined by:

+-------------------------------------------+
| R~s~ = Q~meas,s~ +Q~hyst~ - Qoffset~temp~ |
|                                           |
| R~n~ = Q~meas,n~ -Qoffset - Qoffset~temp~ |
+-------------------------------------------+

where:

+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Q~meas~       | RSRP measurement quantity used in cell              |
|               | reselections.                                       |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset       | For intra-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~, if     |
|               | Qoffset~s,n~ is valid, otherwise this equals to     |
|               | zero.                                               |
|               |                                                     |
|               | For inter-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~ plus    |
|               | Qoffset~frequency~, if Qoffset~s,n~ is valid,       |
|               | otherwise this equals to Qoffset~frequency~.        |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset~temp~ | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as specified   |
|               | in TS 38.331 \[3\].                                 |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

The UE shall perform ranking of all cells that fulfil the cell selection
criterion S, which is defined in 5.2.3.2.

The cells shall be ranked according to the R criteria specified above by
deriving Q~meas,n~ and Q~meas,s~ and calculating the R values using
averaged RSRP results.

If *rangeToBestCell* is not configured, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell. If this cell is found to be
not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to clause 5.2.4.4.

If *rangeToBestCell* is configured*,* then the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the cell with the highest number of beams above the
threshold (i.e. *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation*) among the cells whose
R value is within *rangeToBestCell* of the R value of the highest ranked
cell. If there are multiple such cells, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell among them. If this cell is found
to be not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to clause 5.2.4.4.

In all cases, the UE shall reselect the new cell, only if the following
conditions are met:

\- the new cell is better than the serving cell according to the cell
reselection criteria specified above during a time interval
Treselection~RAT~;

\- more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

NOTE: If *rangeToBestCell* is configured but
*absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* is not configured on an NR frequency,
the UE considers that there is one beam above the threshold for each
cell on that frequency.

\[TS 38.331, clause 6.3.1\]

+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ***accessAllowed2RxXR***                                             |
|                                                                      |
| *Indicates if the cells on the frequency support 2Rx XR UEs. If      |
| present, 2Rx XR UEs shall consider only these NR frequencies in cell |
| reselection evaluation.*                                             |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+

*.*

\[TS 38.331, clause 5.2.2.4.5\]

Upon receiving *SIB4* the UE shall:

1\> if in RRC\_IDLE, or in RRC\_INACTIVE or in RRC\_CONNECTED while T311
is running:

2\> for each entry in the *interFreqCarrierFreqList*:

3\> if the UE is neither a RedCap nor an eRedCap UE nor 2Rx XR UE; or

3\> if the UE is a RedCap UE and the *interFreqCarrierFreqList-v1700* is
absent; or

3\> if the UE is an eRedCap UE and the *interFreqCarrierFreqList-v1800*
is absent; or

3\> if the UE is a 2Rx XR UE and the *interFreqCarrierFreqList-v1800* is
absent; or

3\> if the UE is a RedCap UE and *redCapAccessAllowed* is present in
*interFreqCarrierFreqList-v1700; or*

3\> if the UE is an eRedCap UE and e*RedCapAccessAllowed* is present in
*interFreqCarrierFreqList-v1800; or*

3\> if the UE is a 2Rx XR UE and *accessAllowed2RxXR* is present in
*interFreqCarrierFreqList-v1800*:

4\> select the first frequency band in the *frequencyBandList (or for
aerial UE frequencyBandListAerial)*, and *frequencyBandListSUL*, if
present, which the UE supports and for which the UE supports at least
one of the *additionalSpectrumEmission* values in *nr-NS-PmaxList (or
for aerial UE as indicated by nr-NS-PmaxListAerial)*, if present:

##### 6.1.2.31.3 Test description {#test-description-38 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.33.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-38 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-29 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 23 have different frequencies & different
tracking areas according to TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.2-3 and belong
to NR band where 4RX operation is mandated.

\- System information combination NR-4 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR Cells.

UE:

None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-39 .H6}

\- 2Rx XR UE is in state 1N-A on NR Cell 1(serving cell) according to
38.508-1 \[4\].

##### 6.1.2.33.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-38 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.33.3.2-1/2 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the NR cells at various time
instants of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values
shall be applied are described in the texts in this clause. The
configuration \"T0\" indicates the initial conditions. Subsequent
configuration marked \"T1\" is applied at the points indicated in the
Main behaviour description in Table 6.1.2.33.3.2-3.

Table 6.1.2.33.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | Parameter | Unit    | NR Cell 1 | NR Cell   | Remark    |
|    |           |         |           | 23        |           |
+====+===========+=========+===========+===========+===========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -88       | Off       | The power |
|    |           |         |           |           | level     |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           | values    |
|    |           |         |           |           | are       |
|    |           |         |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |         |           |           | to ensure |
|    |           |         |           |           | the UE    |
|    |           |         |           |           | r         |
|    |           |         |           |           | egistered |
|    |           |         |           |           | on NR     |
|    |           |         |           |           | Cell 1.   |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -88       | -78       | The power |
|    |           |         |           |           | level     |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           | values    |
|    |           |         |           |           | are       |
|    |           |         |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |         |           |           | to        |
|    |           |         |           |           | satisfy   |
|    |           |         |           |           | R~NR\     |
|    |           |         |           |           |  Cell\ 1~ |
|    |           |         |           |           | \<        |
|    |           |         |           |           | R~NR\ C   |
|    |           |         |           |           | ell\ 23~. |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+

Table 6.1.2.33.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | Parameter | Unit    | NR Cell 1 | NR Cell   | Remark    |
|    |           |         |           | 23        |           |
+====+===========+=========+===========+===========+===========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -91       | Off       | The power |
|    |           |         |           |           | level     |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           | values    |
|    |           |         |           |           | are       |
|    |           |         |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |         |           |           | to ensure |
|    |           |         |           |           | the UE    |
|    |           |         |           |           | r         |
|    |           |         |           |           | egistered |
|    |           |         |           |           | on NR     |
|    |           |         |           |           | Cell 1.   |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -91       | -82       | The power |
|    |           |         |           |           | level     |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           | values    |
|    |           |         |           |           | are       |
|    |           |         |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |         |           |           | to        |
|    |           |         |           |           | satisfy   |
|    |           |         |           |           | R~NR\     |
|    |           |         |           |           |  Cell\ 1~ |
|    |           |         |           |           | \<        |
|    |           |         |           |           | R~NR\ C   |
|    |           |         |           |           | ell\ 23~. |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+

Table 6.1.2.33.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  St   Procedure                                                                                                                                                    Message Sequence   TP                          Verdict   
  ---- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------------ --------------------------- --------- ----
                                                                                                                                                                    U - S              Message                               
  1    The SS adjusts the SS/PBCH EPRE levels according to row \"T1\" in table 6.1.2.33.3.2-1/2.                                                                    \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  2    Check: Does the UE send an RRCSetupRequest on NR Cell 23 within the next 60 s?                                                                               \--\>              NR RRC: *RRCSetupRequest*   1         F
  3    The SS changes SIB4 of NR Cell 1 according to Table 6.1.2.33.3.3-1. The *ValueTag* of *SIB4* in the SI-SchedulingInfo of *SIB1* is increased on NR Cell 1.   \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  4    The SS transmits a Short message on PDCCH using P-RNTI indicating a *systemInfoModification on NR Cell 1*.                                                   \<\--              NR RRC: *Paging*            \-        \-
  5    Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.5.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 23?                   \-                 *-*                         1         \-

##### 6.1.2.33.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-36 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.33.3.3-1: *SIB4* for NR Cell 1 (step 3, Table
6.1.2.33.3.2-3)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -----------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  Information Element                                                                               Value/Remark                                                                                                    Comment                              Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  interFreqCarrierFreqList-v1700 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo-v1700 {   The same number of entries as the configured inter-freq carriers defined in TS38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.3.1.2-1.   *n* denotes the index of the entry   
  interFreqCarrierFreqList-v1800\[n\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                    entry n                              
  accessAllowed2RxXR-r18                                                                            true                                                                                                                                                 
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -----------

Table 6.1.2.33.3.3-2: SIB1 of NR Cell 1 (step 3, Table 6.1.2.33.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                 
  ---------------------------------------------------- ------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark        Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                
  si-SchedulingInfo                                    SI-SchedulingInfo             
  }                                                                                  

Table 6.1.2.33.3.3-3: SI-SchedulingInfo (si-SchedulingInfo in Table
6.1.2.33.3.3-2)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.3-173                                                 
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                        Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SI-SchedulingInfo ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                    
  schedulingInfoList SEQUENCE (SIZE(1..maxSI-Message)) OF SchedulingInfo {   1 entry                  
  SchedulingInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                            entry 1   
  sib-MappingInfo SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSIB)) OF SIB-TypeInfo {              1 entry                  
  SIB-TypeInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                              entry 1   
  Type                                                                       sibType4                 
  valueTag                                                                   1                        
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   

Table 6.1.2.33.3.3-4: *SIB4* for NR Cell 1 (preamble, Table
6.1.2.33.3.2-3)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -----------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  Information Element                                                                               Value/Remark                                                                                                    Comment                              Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  interFreqCarrierFreqList-v1700 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo-v1700 {   The same number of entries as the configured inter-freq carriers defined in TS38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.3.1.2-1.   *n* denotes the index of the entry   
  interFreqCarrierFreqList-v1800 \[n\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                   entry n                              
  accessAllowed2RxXR-r18                                                                            Not present                                                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -----------

#### 6.1.2.34 Cell Selection / eRedCap

##### 6.1.2.34.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-39 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-85 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting eRedCap and in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { a cell fulfils the requirements for a suitable cell except
that the UE supported Rx is barred by cellBarred-eRedCap1Rx or/and
cellBarred-eRedCap2Rx in the SIB1 }

**then** { the UE considers the cell as barred and no camping on this
cell can take place }

}

##### (2) {#section-86 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting eRedCap and in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { a cell fulfils the requirements for a suitable cell except
intraFreqReselection-eRedCap in SIB1 is absent }

**then** { the UE considers the cell as barred and no camping on this
cell can take place }

}

##### (3) {#section-87 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting eRedCap and in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { a cell fulfils the requirements for a suitable cell }

**then** { the UE considers the cell suitable and camps on it }

}

##### 6.1.2.34.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-39 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present test
case are specified in: TS 38.331, clause 5.2.2.4.2, TS 38.304, clause
5.3.1. Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-18 requirements.

\[TS 38.331, clause 5.2.2.4.2\]

1\> if the UE is an eRedCap UE and it is in RRC\_IDLE or in
RRC\_INACTIVE, or if the eRedCap UE is in RRC\_CONNECTED while *T311* is
running:

2\> *if intraFreqReselection-eRedCap* is not present in *SIB1*:

3\> consider the cell as barred in accordance with TS 38.304 \[20\];

3\> perform barring as if *intraFreqReselection-eRedCap* is set to
allowed upon which the procedure ends;

2\> else:

3\> if the *cellBarred-eRedCap1Rx* is present in the acquired *SIB1* and
is set to *barred* and the UE supports 1 Rx branch; or

*3\> i*f the *cellBarred-eRedCap2Rx* is present in the acquired *SIB1*
and is set to *barred and the UE* supports *2 Rx branches; or*

*3\> if the halfDuplexRedCapAllowed is not present in the acquired SIB1
and the UE supports only half-duplex FDD operation:*

4\> consider the cell as barred in accordance with TS 38.304 \[20\];

4\> perform barring based on *intraFreqReselection-eRedCap* as specified
in TS 38.304 \[20\] upon which the procedure ends;

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.3.1\]

Cell status and cell reservations are indicated in the *MIB or SIB1*
message as specified in TS 38.331 \[3\] by means of following fields:

...

\- *cellBarred-eRedCap1Rx* (IE type: \"barred\" or \"not barred\")\
Indicated in *SIB1* message. In case of multiple PLMNs or NPNs indicated
in *SIB1*, this field is common for all PLMNs and NPNs. This field is
only applicable to eRedCap UEs.

\- *cellBarred-eRedCap2Rx* (IE type: \"barred\" or \"not barred\")\
Indicated in *SIB1* message. In case of multiple PLMNs or NPNs indicated
in *SIB1*, this field is common for all PLMNs and NPNs. This field is
only applicable to eRedCap UEs.

...

When cell status \"barred\" is indicated or to be treated as if the cell
status is \"barred\",

...

\- The UE shall select another cell according to the following rule:

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to being unable to acquire the *MIB*:

...

\- else:

...

\- If the UE is an eRedCap UE, the UE shall acquire SIB1 and, in the
remainder of this procedure, consider \'*intraFreqReselection in MIB\'
to be \'intraFreqReselection-eRedCap in SIB1\', if available;*

*...*

...

\- If the cell status \"barred\" is indicated in *MIB* but the UE is
unable to acquire the SIB1; or

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to not supporting (e)RedCap UEs:

\- the UE shall exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for 300 seconds.

\- the UE may select another cell on the same frequency if re-selection
criteria are fulfilled.

\- *If the UE is neither a RedCap UE nor an eRedCap UE* nor a 2Rx XR
UE*, or if the UE is a RedCap UE and intraFreqReselectionRedCap in SIB1
is available, or if the UE is an eRedCap UE and
intraFreqReselection-eRedCap in SIB1 is available*, or if the UE is a
2Rx XR UE and *intraFreqReselection2RxXR* in SIB1 is available*:*

\- If the field *intraFreqReselection* in *MIB* message is set to
\"allowed\":

\- the UE may select another cell on the same frequency if re-selection
criteria are fulfilled;

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to being unable to acquire the *SIB1*:

...

\- else:

\- the UE shall exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for 300 seconds.

\- If the field *intraFreqReselection* in *MIB* message is set to \"not
allowed\":

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to being unable to acquire the *SIB1*:

...

\- else:

\- If the cell operates in licensed spectrum, or if this cell belongs to
a PLMN which is indicated as being equivalent to the registered PLMN or
the selected PLMN of the UE, or if this cell belongs to an SNPN which is
equal to or indicated as being equivalent to the registered SNPN or the
selected SNPN of the UE:

\- the UE shall not re-select to another cell on the same frequency as
the barred cell and exclude such cell(s) as candidate(s) for cell
selection/reselection for 300 second**s**;

\- else:

\- the UE may select to another cell on the same frequency if the
reselection criteria are fulfilled.

\- the UE shall exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for 300 seconds.

The cell selection of another cell may also include a change of RAT.

##### NOTE 2: If barring of a cell is triggered by the condition of *trackingAreaCode* and *trackingAreaList* not being provided, as specified in TS 38.331 \[3\], the barring only applies to this PLMN and the UE can re-evaluate the barring condition again due to selection of another PLMN*.*6.1.2.34.3 Test description {#note-2-if-barring-of-a-cell-is-triggered-by-the-condition-of-trackingareacode-and-trackingarealist-not-being-provided-as-specified-in-ts-38.331-3-the-barring-only-applies-to-this-plmn-and-the-ue-can-re-evaluate-the-barring-condition-again-due-to-selection-of-another-plmn.6.1.2.34.3-test-description .H6}

##### 6.1.2.34.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-39 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-30 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1(TAI-1) ,NR Cell 11(TAI-2) and NR Cell 3(TAI-1).

\- System information combination NR-1 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-37 .H6}

> \- None

##### Preamble: {#preamble-40 .H6}

\- The UE is in 1N-A state on NR Cell 1 using generic procedure
parameter Connectivity (*NR*) and Test loop function(*Off*) according to
TS 38.508-1 \[4\].

##### 6.1.2.34.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-39 .H6}

Table6.1.2.34.3.2-1 for FR1 illustrate the downlink power levels to be
applied for the cells at various time instants of the test execution.
Row marked \"T0\" denotes the initial conditions from preamble, while
columns marked \"T1\" is to be applied subsequently in the Main
behaviour. The exact instants on which these values shall be applied are
described in the texts in this clause.

Table 6.1.2.34.3.2-1: Cell configuration changes over time for FR1

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+--------+
|         | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark |
|         | rameter |         | 1       | 11      | 3       |        |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+========+
| T0      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | \"Off\" | \"Off\" |        |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |        |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         |        |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |        |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+--------+
| T1      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | \"Off\" | -88     | \"Off\" |        |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |        |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         |        |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |        |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+--------+
| T2      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | \"Off\" | -88     |        |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |        |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         |        |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |        |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+--------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |        |
| Power   |         |         |         |         |         |        |
| level   |         |         |         |         |         |        |
| "Off"   |         |         |         |         |         |        |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |        |
| defined |         |         |         |         |         |        |
| in TS   |         |         |         |         |         |        |
| 3       |         |         |         |         |         |        |
| 8.508-1 |         |         |         |         |         |        |
| \[4\]   |         |         |         |         |         |        |
| Table   |         |         |         |         |         |        |
| 6.2     |         |         |         |         |         |        |
| .2.1-3. |         |         |         |         |         |        |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+--------+

Table 6.1.2.34.3.2-2: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| St        | Procedure | Message   | TP        | Verdict |    |
|           |           | Sequence  |           |         |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+=========+====+
|           |           | U - S     | Message   |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1         | SS        | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | r         |           |           |         |    |
|           | e-adjusts |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | SS/PBCH   |           |           |         |    |
|           | EPRE      |           |           |         |    |
|           | level of  |           |           |         |    |
|           | NR Cell 1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | and NR    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11   |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to row    |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"T1\" in |           |           |         |    |
|           | table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.2.    |           |           |         |    |
|           | 34.3.2-1. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 2         | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1       | F  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |         |    |
|           | UE send   |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11   |           |           |         |    |
|           | within    |           |           |         |    |
|           | the next  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 60 s?     |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 3         | The SS    | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | changes   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the SIB1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | of NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to set    |           |           |         |    |
|           | cellBa    |           |           |         |    |
|           | rredeRedC |           |           |         |    |
|           | ap1Rx-r18 |           |           |         |    |
|           | and       |           |           |         |    |
|           | cellBa    |           |           |         |    |
|           | rredeRedC |           |           |         |    |
|           | ap2Rx-r18 |           |           |         |    |
|           | to "Not   |           |           |         |    |
|           | barred"   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 4         | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 3       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |         |    |
|           | UE send   |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11   |           |           |         |    |
|           | after     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 300s from |           |           |         |    |
|           | Step 1?   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 5-9a1     | Steps     | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | 2-6a1 of  |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | clause    |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.9.5 on  |           |           |         |    |
|           | NR Cell   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 11.       |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | NOTE: The |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE        |           |           |         |    |
|           | performs  |           |           |         |    |
|           | a         |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | for       |           |           |         |    |
|           | mobility  |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | and the   |           |           |         |    |
|           | RRC       |           |           |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |         |    |
|           | is        |           |           |         |    |
|           | released. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 10        | The SS    | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | changes   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the SIB1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | of NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1 to |           |           |         |    |
|           | set       |           |           |         |    |
|           | intra     |           |           |         |    |
|           | FreqResel |           |           |         |    |
|           | ection-eR |           |           |         |    |
|           | edCap-r18 |           |           |         |    |
|           | to not    |           |           |         |    |
|           | present.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 11        | Wait for  | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | 2.1\*     |           |           |         |    |
|           | mod       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ification |           |           |         |    |
|           | period to |           |           |         |    |
|           | allow the |           |           |         |    |
|           | new       |           |           |         |    |
|           | system    |           |           |         |    |
|           | in        |           |           |         |    |
|           | formation |           |           |         |    |
|           | to take   |           |           |         |    |
|           | eff       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ect.(Note |           |           |         |    |
|           | 1)        |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 12        | SS        | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | r         |           |           |         |    |
|           | e-adjusts |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | SS/PBCH   |           |           |         |    |
|           | EPRE      |           |           |         |    |
|           | level of  |           |           |         |    |
|           | NR Cell 1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | and NR    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11   |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to row    |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"T0\" in |           |           |         |    |
|           | table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.2.    |           |           |         |    |
|           | 34.3.2-1. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 13        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 2       | F  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |         |    |
|           | UE send   |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1    |           |           |         |    |
|           | within    |           |           |         |    |
|           | the next  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 60 s?     |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 14        | SS        | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | r         |           |           |         |    |
|           | e-adjusts |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | SS/PBCH   |           |           |         |    |
|           | EPRE      |           |           |         |    |
|           | level of  |           |           |         |    |
|           | NR Cell 1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | and NR    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 3    |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to row    |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"T2\" in |           |           |         |    |
|           | table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.2.    |           |           |         |    |
|           | 34.3.2-1. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 15        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 3       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |         |    |
|           | UE send   |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 3?   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 16-20a1   | Steps     | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | 2-6a1 of  |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | clause    |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.9.5 on  |           |           |         |    |
|           | NR Cell   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 3.        |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | NOTE: The |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE        |           |           |         |    |
|           | performs  |           |           |         |    |
|           | a         |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | for       |           |           |         |    |
|           | mobility  |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | and the   |           |           |         |    |
|           | RRC       |           |           |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |         |    |
|           | is        |           |           |         |    |
|           | released. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| The       |           |           |           |         |    |
| mod       |           |           |           |         |    |
| ification |           |           |           |         |    |
| period,   |           |           |           |         |    |
| expressed |           |           |           |         |    |
| in number |           |           |           |         |    |
| of radio  |           |           |           |         |    |
| frames =  |           |           |           |         |    |
| modif     |           |           |           |         |    |
| icationPe |           |           |           |         |    |
| riodCoeff |           |           |           |         |    |
| \*        |           |           |           |         |    |
| d         |           |           |           |         |    |
| efaultPag |           |           |           |         |    |
| ingCycle. |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+

##### 6.1.2.34.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-37 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.34.3.3.3-1: *SIB1* for NR Cell 11 (preamble and step 1,
Table 6.1.2.34.3.2-2)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                                      
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- ----------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment                             Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                     
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                                         
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                                         
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                                         
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                                         
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                                         
  intraFreqReselection-eRedCap-r18                     allowed                                            
  eRedCap-ConfigCommon-r18 SEQUENCE {                                                                     
  cellBarredeRedCap-r18 SEQUENCE {                                                                        
  cellBarredeRedCap1Rx-r18                             barred         eRedCap UE supports 1Rx branch      pc\_supportOf1Rxbranch\_eRedCap\_r18
                                                       Not barred                                         
  cellBarredeRedCap2Rx-r18                             barred         eRedCap UE supports 2 Rx branches   pc\_supportOf2Rxbranches\_eRedCap\_r18
                                                       Not barred                                         
  }                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                       

Table 6.1.2.34.3.3.3-2: *SIB1* for NR Cell 11 (step 3, Table
6.1.2.34.3.2-2)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                            
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                           
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  intraFreqReselection-eRedCap-r18                     allowed                  
  eRedCap-ConfigCommon-r18 SEQUENCE {                                           
  cellBarredeRedCap-r18 SEQUENCE {                                              
  cellBarredeRedCap1Rx-r18                             Not barred               
  cellBarredeRedCap2Rx-r18                             Not barred               
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             

Table 6.1.2.34.3.3.3-3: *SIB1* for NR Cell 1 (step 10, Table
6.1.2.34.3.2-2)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                            
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                           
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  intraFreqReselection-eRedCap-r18                     Not present              
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             

#### 6.1.2.35 Cell Selection / eRedCap / emergency call

##### 6.1.2.35.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-40 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-88 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting eRedCap and in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { a cell fulfils the requirements for a suitable cell except
that all the UE supported Rx is barred by cellBarred-eRedCap1Rx or/and
cellBarred-eRedCap2Rx in the SIB1, *barringExemptEmergencyCall* is set
to "true" in SIB1, and user initiates an Emergency call }

**then** { the UE considers the cell as not barred and successfully
completes the Emergency call }

}

##### 6.1.2.35.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-40 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present test
case are specified in: TS 38.304, clause 5.3.1. Unless otherwise stated
these are Rel-18 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.3.1\]

When cell status \"barred\" is indicated or to be treated as if the cell
status is \"barred\",

\- The UE is not permitted to select/reselect this cell, not even for
emergency calls except for the below cases:

...

\- When *cellBarred-eRedCap1Rx* is set to \"barred\" in SIB1, an eRedCap
UE that supports only 1Rx branch can consider the cell as acceptable
cell, only if cell selection criteria are fulfilled as defined in clause
5.2.3, *cellBarred* in MIB is not set to \"barred\" and in SIB1,
*barringExemptEmergencyCall* is present and, if the eRedCap UE supports
only half duplex FDD operation, *halfDuplexRedCapAllowed* is set to
\"true\"; or

\- When *cellBarred-eRedCap2Rx* is set to \"barred\" in SIB1, an eRedCap
UE that supports 2Rx branches can consider the cell as acceptable cell,
only if cell selection criteria are fulfilled as defined in clause
5.2.3, *cellBarred* in MIB is not set to \"barred\" and in SIB1,
*barringExemptEmergencyCall* is present and, if the eRedCap UE supports
only half duplex FDD operation, *halfDuplexRedCapAllowed* is set to
\"true\"; or

##### 6.1.2.35.3 Test description {#test-description-39 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.35.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-40 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-31 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 11 have different tracking areas according to
TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.2-3.

\- System information combination NR-2 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-38 .H6}

> \- None

##### Preamble: {#preamble-41 .H6}

\- The UE is in test state 0-A (Switched Off) as defined in TS 38.508-1
\[4\], subclause 4.4A.2.

##### 6.1.2.35.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-40 .H6}

Table6.1.2.35.3.2-1 for FR1 illustrates the downlink power levels to be
applied for the cells at various time instants of the test execution.
Row marked \"T0\" denotes the initial conditions from preamble. The
exact instants on which these values shall be applied are described in
the texts in this clause.

Table 6.1.2.35.3.2-1: Cell configuration changes over time for FR1

+----+-----------+---------+-----------+------------+--------+
|    | Parameter | Unit    | NR Cell 1 | NR Cell 11 | Remark |
+====+===========+=========+===========+============+========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -91       | -88        |        |
|    |           |         |           |            |        |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |            |        |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+------------+--------+

Table 6.1.2.35.3.2-2: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| St        | Procedure | Message   | TP        | Verdict |    |
|           |           | Sequence  |           |         |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+=========+====+
|           |           | U - S     | Message   |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1         | Switch on | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | UE.       |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 2         | Wait 60s  |           |           |         |    |
|           | to make   |           |           |         |    |
|           | sure that |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE has    |           |           |         |    |
|           | camped on |           |           |         |    |
|           | a         |           |           |         |    |
|           | cceptable |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell NR   |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 3         | Make the  | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | UE        |           |           |         |    |
|           | attempt   |           |           |         |    |
|           | an IMS    |           |           |         |    |
|           | emergency |           |           |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | all.(Note |           |           |         |    |
|           | 1)        |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 4         | Check:    | \-        | *-*       | 1       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE        |           |           |         |    |
|           | perform   |           |           |         |    |
|           | Generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | Test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | Procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | for IMS   |           |           |         |    |
|           | Emergency |           |           |         |    |
|           | call      |           |           |         |    |
|           | esta      |           |           |         |    |
|           | blishment |           |           |         |    |
|           | without   |           |           |         |    |
|           | IMS       |           |           |         |    |
|           | emergency |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | as        |           |           |         |    |
|           | specified |           |           |         |    |
|           | in        |           |           |         |    |
|           | TS 38.508 |           |           |         |    |
|           | -1 \[4\], |           |           |         |    |
|           | subclause |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.9.12 on |           |           |         |    |
|           | NR Cell   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 1?        |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 5         | Make the  | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | UE        |           |           |         |    |
|           | release   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | emergency |           |           |         |    |
|           | call.     |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 6         | Step 1 of | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | of \"Test |           |           |         |    |
|           | Procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | for IMS   |           |           |         |    |
|           | MO        |           |           |         |    |
|           | Emergency |           |           |         |    |
|           | call      |           |           |         |    |
|           | release\" |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.9.      |           |           |         |    |
|           | 12A.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | is        |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1    |           |           |         |    |
|           | using     |           |           |         |    |
|           | condition |           |           |         |    |
|           | A6 for    |           |           |         |    |
|           | the BYE   |           |           |         |    |
|           | at step 1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | (step 1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | of A.7 in |           |           |         |    |
|           | 34.229-5  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[41\]).  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 6A        | Start     | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | Timer     |           |           |         |    |
|           | T1=6      |           |           |         |    |
|           | seconds.  |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | NOTE:     |           |           |         |    |
|           | This is   |           |           |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | arbitrary |           |           |         |    |
|           | value to  |           |           |         |    |
|           | wait for  |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE        |           |           |         |    |
|           | initiated |           |           |         |    |
|           | detach.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |         |    |
|           | In        |           |           |         |    |
|           | parallel  |           |           |         |    |
|           | to step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6B below, |           |           |         |    |
|           | the steps |           |           |         |    |
|           | specified |           |           |         |    |
|           | in Tables |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.2     |           |           |         |    |
|           | .35.3.2-3 |           |           |         |    |
|           | and       |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.1.2     |           |           |         |    |
|           | .35.3.2-4 |           |           |         |    |
|           | may take  |           |           |         |    |
|           | place     |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 6B        | Timer     | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | T1=6      |           |           |         |    |
|           | seconds   |           |           |         |    |
|           | expires   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 7         | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | releases  |           | *RR       |         |    |
|           | the RRC   |           | CRelease* |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| This can  |           |           |           |         |    |
| be done   |           |           |           |         |    |
| by an     |           |           |           |         |    |
| AT/MMI    |           |           |           |         |    |
| command.  |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Void      |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+

Table 6.1.2.35.3.2-3: Parallel Behaviour

+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| St | Procedure    | Message      | TP           | Verdict |    |
|    |              | Sequence     |              |         |    |
+====+==============+==============+==============+=========+====+
|    |              | U - S        | Message      |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 1  | The UE       | \--\>        | NR RRC:      | \-      | \- |
|    | transmits a  |              | ULInforma    |         |    |
|    | DE           |              | tionTransfer |         |    |
|    | REGISTRATION |              |              |         |    |
|    | REQUEST      |              | 5GMM:        |         |    |
|    | message with |              | DE           |         |    |
|    | De-          |              | REGISTRATION |         |    |
|    | registration |              | REQUEST      |         |    |
|    | type IE set  |              |              |         |    |
|    | to \"Normal  |              |              |         |    |
|    | de-reg       |              |              |         |    |
|    | istration\". |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 2  | The SS       | \<\--        | NR RRC:      | \-      | \- |
|    | transmits a  |              | DLInforma    |         |    |
|    | DE           |              | tionTransfer |         |    |
|    | REGISTRATION |              |              |         |    |
|    | ACCEPT       |              | 5GMM:        |         |    |
|    | message.     |              | DE           |         |    |
|    |              |              | REGISTRATION |         |    |
|    |              |              | ACCEPT       |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+

Table 6.1.2.35.3.2-4: Parallel Behaviour

+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| St | Procedure    | Message      | TP           | Verdict |    |
|    |              | Sequence     |              |         |    |
+====+==============+==============+==============+=========+====+
|    |              | U - S        | Message      |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 1  | The UE       | \--\>        | NR RRC:      | \-      | \- |
|    | transmits a  |              | ULInforma    |         |    |
|    | PDU SESSION  |              | tionTransfer |         |    |
|    | RELEASE      |              |              |         |    |
|    | REQUEST      |              | 5GMM: UL NAS |         |    |
|    | message.     |              | TRANSPORT    |         |    |
|    |              |              |              |         |    |
|    |              |              | 5GSM: PDU    |         |    |
|    |              |              | SESSION      |         |    |
|    |              |              | RELEASE      |         |    |
|    |              |              | REQUEST      |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 2  | The SS       | \<\--        | NR RRC:      | \-      | \- |
|    | transmits a  |              | *DLInforma   |         |    |
|    | PDU SESSION  |              | tionTransfer |         |    |
|    | RELEASE      |              | 5GMM: DL NAS |         |    |
|    | COMMAND      |              | TRANSPORT*   |         |    |
|    | message.     |              |              |         |    |
|    |              |              | *5GSM*: PDU  |         |    |
|    |              |              | SESSION      |         |    |
|    |              |              | RELEASE      |         |    |
|    |              |              | COMMAND      |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 3  | Check: Does  | \--\>        | NR RRC:      | \-      | \- |
|    | the UE       |              | ULInforma    |         |    |
|    | transmit a   |              | tionTransfer |         |    |
|    | PDU SESSION  |              |              |         |    |
|    | RELEASE      |              | 5GMM: UL NAS |         |    |
|    | COMPLETE     |              | TRANSPORT    |         |    |
|    | message?     |              |              |         |    |
|    |              |              | *5GSM:* PDU  |         |    |
|    |              |              | SESSION      |         |    |
|    |              |              | RELEASE      |         |    |
|    |              |              | COMPLETE     |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+

##### 6.1.2.35.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-38 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.35.3.3.3-1: *SIB1* for NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 11 (preamble
and all steps, Table 6.1.2.35.3.2-2)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                            
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- ------------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                           
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                               
  intraFreqReselection-eRedCap-r18                     allowed                  
  eRedCap-ConfigCommon-r18 SEQUENCE {                                           
  cellBarredeRedCap-r18 SEQUENCE {                                              
  cellBarredeRedCap1Rx-r18                             barred                   
  cellBarredeRedCap2Rx-r18                             barred                   
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  barringExemptEmergencyCall-r18                       true                     NR Cell 1
                                                       Not present              NR Cell 11
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             

#### 6.1.2.36 Cell reselection / inter-frequency / eRedCap

##### 6.1.2.36.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-41 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-89 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting eRedCap and in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { serving cell broadcasts SIB4 with eRedCapAccessAllowed is
present in interFreqCarrierFreqList-v1800, and inter-frequency neighbour
cell fulfils reselection criteria }

**then** { UE reselects the inter-frequency neighbour cell }

}

##### (2) {#section-90 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting eRedCap and in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { serving cell broadcasts SIB4 with
interFreqCarrierFreqList-v1800 is absent, and inter-frequency neighbour
cell fulfils reselection criteria }

**then** { UE reselects the inter-frequency neighbour cell }

}

##### (3) {#section-91 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting eRedCap and in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { serving cell broadcasts SIB4 with eRedCapAccessAllowed is not
present in interFreqCarrierFreqList-v1800, and inter-frequency neighbour
cell fulfils reselection criteria}

**then** { UE does not reselect the inter-frequency neighbour cell }

}

##### 6.1.2.36.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-41 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: 3GPP TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.6 and TS 38.331, clause 6.3.1
and 5.2.2.4.5. Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-18 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.6\]

The cell-ranking criterion R~s~ for serving cell and R~n~ for
neighbouring cells is defined by:

+-------------------------------------------+
| R~s~ = Q~meas,s~ +Q~hyst~ - Qoffset~temp~ |
|                                           |
| R~n~ = Q~meas,n~ -Qoffset - Qoffset~temp~ |
+-------------------------------------------+

where:

+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Q~meas~       | RSRP measurement quantity used in cell              |
|               | reselections.                                       |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset       | For intra-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~, if     |
|               | Qoffset~s,n~ is valid, otherwise this equals to     |
|               | zero.                                               |
|               |                                                     |
|               | For inter-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~ plus    |
|               | Qoffset~frequency~, if Qoffset~s,n~ is valid,       |
|               | otherwise this equals to Qoffset~frequency~.        |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset~temp~ | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as specified   |
|               | in TS 38.331 \[3\].                                 |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

The UE shall perform ranking of all cells that fulfil the cell selection
criterion S, which is defined in 5.2.3.2.

The cells shall be ranked according to the R criteria specified above by
deriving Q~meas,n~ and Q~meas,s~ and calculating the R values using
averaged RSRP results.

If *rangeToBestCell* is not configured, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell. If this cell is found to be
not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to clause 5.2.4.4.

If *rangeToBestCell* is configured*,* then the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the cell with the highest number of beams above the
threshold (i.e. *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation*) among the cells whose
R value is within *rangeToBestCell* of the R value of the highest ranked
cell. If there are multiple such cells, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell among them. If this cell is found
to be not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to clause 5.2.4.4.

In all cases, the UE shall reselect the new cell, only if the following
conditions are met:

> \- the new cell is better than the serving cell according to the cell
> reselection criteria specified above during a time interval
> Treselection~RAT~;
>
> \- more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
> serving cell.
>
> NOTE: If *rangeToBestCell* is configured but
> *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* is not configured on an NR
> frequency, the UE considers that there is one beam above the threshold
> for each cell on that frequency.

\[TS 38.331, clause 6.3.1\]

*eRedCapAccessAllowed*

*Indicates whether eRedCap UEs are allowed to access cells on the
frequency.*

\[TS 38.331, clause 5.2.2.4.5\]

Upon receiving *SIB4* the UE shall:

> 1\> if in RRC\_IDLE, or in RRC\_INACTIVE or in RRC\_CONNECTED while
> T311 is running:
>
> 2\> for each entry in the *interFreqCarrierFreqList*:
>
> 3\> if the UE is neither a RedCap nor an eRedCap UE nor 2Rx XR UE; or
>
> 3\> if the UE is an eRedCap UE and the
> *interFreqCarrierFreqList-v1800* is absent; or
>
> 3\> if the UE is an eRedCap UE and e*RedCapAccessAllowed* is present
> in *interFreqCarrierFreqList-v1800; or*
>
> 4\> select the first frequency band in the *frequencyBandList (or for
> aerial UE frequencyBandListAerial)*, and *frequencyBandListSUL*, if
> present, which the UE supports and for which the UE supports at least
> one of the *additionalSpectrumEmission* values in *nr-NS-PmaxList (or
> for aerial UE as indicated by nr-NS-PmaxListAerial)*, if present:

##### 6.1.2.36.3 Test description {#test-description-40 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.36.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-41 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-32 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 23 have different tracking areas according to
TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.2-3.

\- System information combination NR-4 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR Cells.

UE:

None.

Preamble:

> \- The UE is in NR RRC Idle mode (state 1N-A) on NR Cell 1(according
> to TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-1).

##### 6.1.2.36.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-41 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.36.3.2-1 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the NR cells at various time
instants of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values
shall be applied are described in the texts in this clause. The
configuration \"T0\" indicates the initial conditions. Subsequent
configuration marked \"T1\" and \"T2\" is applied at the points
indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table 6.1.2.36.3.2-2.

Table 6.1.2.36.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|        | **Par    | **Unit** | **NR     | **NR     | **       |
|        | ameter** |          | Cell 1** | Cell     | Remark** |
|        |          |          |          | 23**     |          |
+========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| **T0** | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -88      | Off      | The      |
|        |          |          |          |          | power    |
|        | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | level    |
|        |          |          |          |          | values   |
|        |          |          |          |          | are      |
|        |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|        |          |          |          |          | to       |
|        |          |          |          |          | ensure   |
|        |          |          |          |          | the UE   |
|        |          |          |          |          | re       |
|        |          |          |          |          | gistered |
|        |          |          |          |          | on NR    |
|        |          |          |          |          | Cell 1.  |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -88      | -78      | The      |
|        |          |          |          |          | power    |
|        | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | level    |
|        |          |          |          |          | values   |
|        |          |          |          |          | are      |
|        |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|        |          |          |          |          | to       |
|        |          |          |          |          | satisfy  |
|        |          |          |          |          | R~NR\    |
|        |          |          |          |          | Cell\ 1~ |
|        |          |          |          |          | \<       |
|        |          |          |          |          | R~NR\ Ce |
|        |          |          |          |          | ll\ 23~. |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -78      | -88      | The      |
|        |          |          |          |          | power    |
|        | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | level    |
|        |          |          |          |          | values   |
|        |          |          |          |          | are      |
|        |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|        |          |          |          |          | to       |
|        |          |          |          |          | satisfy  |
|        |          |          |          |          | R~NR\    |
|        |          |          |          |          | Cell\ 1~ |
|        |          |          |          |          | \>       |
|        |          |          |          |          | R~NR\ Ce |
|        |          |          |          |          | ll\ 23~. |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 6.1.2.36.3.2-2: Main behaviour

  St   Procedure                                                                                                                                                    Message Sequence   TP                          Verdict   
  ---- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------------ --------------------------- --------- ----
                                                                                                                                                                    U - S              Message                               
  1    The SS adjusts the SS/PBCH EPRE levels according to row \"T1\" in table 6.1.2.36.3.2-1.                                                                      \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  2    Check: Does the UE send an RRCSetupRequest on NR Cell 23 within the next 60 s?                                                                               \--\>              NR RRC: *RRCSetupRequest*   3         F
  3    The SS changes SIB4 of NR Cell 1 according to Table 6.1.2.36.3.3-2. The *ValueTag* of *SIB4* in the SI-SchedulingInfo of *SIB1* is increased on NR Cell 1.   \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  4    The SS transmits a Short message on PDCCH using P-RNTI indicating a *systemInfoModification on NR Cell 1*.                                                   \<\--              NR RRC: *Paging*            \-        \-
  5    Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.5.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 23?                   \-                 *-*                         1         P
  6    SS re-adjusts the SS/PBCH EPRE level of NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 23 according to row \"T2\" in table 6.1.2.36.3.2-1.                                            \-                 *-*                         \-        \-
  7    The SS changes SIB4 of NR Cell 23 according to Table 6.1.2.36.3.3-5. The ValueTag of SIB4 in the SI-SchedulingInfo of SIB1 is increased on NR Cell 23.       \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  8    The SS transmits a Short message on PDCCH using P-RNTI indicating a *systemInfoModification on NR Cell 23*.                                                  \<\--              NR RRC: *Paging*            \-        \-
  9    Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.5.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 1?                    \-                 \-                          2         P

##### 6.1.2.36.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-39 .H6}

Table 6.1.2.36.3.3-1: *SIB4* for NR Cell 1 (Preamble, Table
6.1.2.36.3.2-2)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -----------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  Information Element                                                                               Value/Remark                                                                                                    Comment                              Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  interFreqCarrierFreqList-v1800 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo-v1800 {   The same number of entries as the configured inter-freq carriers defined in TS38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.3.1.2-1.   *n* denotes the index of the entry   
  InterFreqCarrierFreqList-v1800\[n\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                    entry n                              
  eRedCapAccessAllowed-r18                                                                          Not present                                                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -----------

Table 6.1.2.36.3.3-2: *SIB4* for NR Cell 1 (step 3, Table
6.1.2.36.3.2-2)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -----------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  Information Element                                                                               Value/Remark                                                                                                    Comment                              Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  interFreqCarrierFreqList-v1800 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo-v1800 {   The same number of entries as the configured inter-freq carriers defined in TS38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.3.1.2-1.   *n* denotes the index of the entry   
  InterFreqCarrierFreqList-v1800\[n\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                    entry n                              
  eRedCapAccessAllowed-r18                                                                          true                                                                                                                                                 
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ -----------

Table 6.1.2.36.3.3-3: SIB1 of NR Cell 1 (step 3, Table 6.1.2.36.3.2-2)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                                  
  ---------------------------------------------------- ------------------- -------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark        Comment                    Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                 
  si-SchedulingInfo                                    SI-SchedulingInfo   **Table 6.1.2.36.3.3-6**   
  }                                                                                                   

Table 6.1.2.36.3.3-4: SIB1 of NR Cell 23 (step 7, Table 6.1.2.36.3.2-2)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                                  
  ---------------------------------------------------- ------------------- -------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark        Comment                    Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                 
  si-SchedulingInfo                                    SI-SchedulingInfo   **Table 6.1.2.36.3.3-6**   
  }                                                                                                   

Table 6.1.2.36.3.3-5: SIB4 for NR Cell 23 (Step 7, Table 6.1.2.36.3.2-2)

  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                            
  Information Element                                 Value/Remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  InterFreqCarrierFreqList-v1800                      Not present              
  }                                                                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.1.2.36.3.3-6: SI-SchedulingInfo (Table 6.1.2.36.3.3-3 and Table
6.1.2.36.3.3-4)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.3-173                                                 
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                        Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SI-SchedulingInfo ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                    
  schedulingInfoList SEQUENCE (SIZE(1..maxSI-Message)) OF SchedulingInfo {   1 entry                  
  SchedulingInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                            entry 1   
  sib-MappingInfo SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSIB)) OF SIB-TypeInfo {              1 entry                  
  SIB-TypeInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                              entry 1   
  Type                                                                       sibType4                 
  valueTag                                                                   1                        
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   

#### 6.1.2.37 Cell Selection / eRedCap / halfDuplexRedCapAllowed

##### 6.1.2.37.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-42 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-92 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting eRedCap and supporting half-duplex FDD
operation *on* the band *in the frequencyBandList* in NR RRC\_IDLE state
}

**ensure that** {

**when** { a cell fulfils the requirements for a suitable cell except
halfDuplexRedCapAllowed is *not present in SIB1, and frequencyBandList
only includes one band in SIB1* }

**then** { the UE considers the cell as barred and no camping on this
cell can take place }

}

##### 6.1.2.37.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-42 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present test
case are specified in: TS 38.331, clause 5.2.2.4.2. Unless otherwise
stated these are Rel-18 requirements.

\[TS 38.331 clause 5.2.2.4.2\]

Upon receiving the *SIB1* the UE shall:

...

1\> if the UE is an eRedCap UE and it is in RRC\_IDLE or in
RRC\_INACTIVE, or if the eRedCap UE is in RRC\_CONNECTED while *T311* is
running:

2\> *if intraFreqReselection-eRedCap* is not present in *SIB1*; or

2\> *if the halfDuplexRedCapAllowed is not present in the acquired SIB1
and the UE supports only half-duplex FDD operation:*

3\> consider the cell as barred in accordance with TS 38.304 \[20\];

3\> perform cell re-selection to other cells on the same frequency as
the barred cell as specified in TS 38.304 \[20\], upon which the
procedure ends;

##### 6.1.2.37.3 Test description {#test-description-41 .H6}

Same as 6.1.2.29.3

#### 6.1.2.38 Cell Selection / eRedCap / halfDuplexRedCapAllowed / MFBI

##### 6.1.2.38.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-43 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-93 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting eRedCap **and** supporting half-duplex FDD
operation *on* all the bands *in the frequencyBandList* **and** in NR
RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { a MFBI cell fulfils the requirements for a suitable cell
except halfDuplexRedCapAllowed is *not present in SIB1 **and**
frequencyBandList includes two bands in SIB1* }

**then** { the UE considers the cell as barred **and** no camping on
this cell can take place }

}

##### (2) {#section-94 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting eRedCap **and** supporting only *half-duplex
FDD operation on the first band in the frequencyBandList **and***
supporting *full-duplex FDD operation on the second band in the
frequencyBandList* **and** in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { a MFBI cell fulfils the requirements for a suitable cell
except halfDuplexRedCapAllowed is *not present in SIB1 **and**
frequencyBandList includes two bands in SIB1* }

**then** { the UE considers the cell as not barred and camps on it }

}

##### 6.1.2.38.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-43 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 38.331, clause 5.2.2.4.2. Unless otherwise stated these
are Rel-18 requirements.

\[TS 38.331 clause 5.2.2.4.2\]

Upon receiving the *SIB1* the UE shall:

...

1\> if the UE is an eRedCap UE and it is in RRC\_IDLE or in
RRC\_INACTIVE, or if the eRedCap UE is in RRC\_CONNECTED while *T311* is
running:

2\> *if intraFreqReselection-eRedCap* is not present in *SIB1*:

...

2\> else:

...

*3\> if the halfDuplexRedCapAllowed is not present in the acquired SIB1
and the UE supports only half-duplex FDD operation:*

4\> consider the cell as barred in accordance with TS 38.304 \[20\];

4\> perform barring based on *intraFreqReselection-eRedCap* as specified
in TS 38.304 \[20\] upon which the procedure ends;

...

1\> if in RRC\_CONNECTED while T311 is not running:

...

1\> else:

...

2\> if the UE is neither a RedCap nor an eRedCap UE, or for TDD if the
UE is an (e)RedCap UE, or for FDD if the UE is an (e)RedCap UE and
*halfDuplexRedCapAllowed* is present, or if the UE is an (e)RedCap UE
and the (e)RedCap UE supports full-duplex FDD operation on this band:

3\> if neither *trackingAreaCode* n*or trackingAreaList* is provided for
the selected PLMN nor the registered PLMN nor PLMN of the equivalent
PLMN list:

4\> consider the cell as barred in accordance with TS 38.304 \[20\];

4\> perform cell re-selection to other cells on the same frequency as
the barred cell as specified in TS 38.304 \[20\];

...

3\> else:

...

4\> else:

5\> select the first frequency band in the *frequencyBandList*, for FDD
from *frequencyBandList* for uplink, or for TDD from *frequencyBandList*
for downlink, which the UE supports and for which the UE supports at
least one of the *additionalSpectrumEmission* values in
*nr-NS-PmaxList*, if present, and for (e)RedCap UEs in FDD, if the
*halfDuplexRedCapAllowed* is not present, for which the UE supports
full-duplex FDD operation;

...

2\> else:

3\> consider the cell as barred in accordance with TS 38.304 \[20\]; and

3\> perform barring as if *intraFreqReselection, or
intraFreqReselectionRedCap for RedCap UEs,* or
*intraFreqReselection-eRedCap for eRedCap UEs,* or
*intraFreqReselection2RxXR* for 2Rx XR UEs is set to *notAllowed*;

##### 6.1.2.38.3 Test description {#test-description-42 .H6}

##### 6.1.2.38.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-42 .H6}

Same pre-test conditions as in clause 6.1.2.30.3.1.

##### 6.1.2.38.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-42 .H6}

Same test procedure sequence as in clause 6.1.2.30.3.2 with following
differences:

Only FR1 applies.

##### 6.1.2.38.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-40 .H6}

Same specific message contents as in clause 6.1.2.30.3.3.

6.2 Multi-mode environment
--------------------------

### 6.2.1 Inter-RAT PLMN selection

#### 6.2.1.1 Inter-RAT PLMN Selection / Selection of correct RAT for OPLMN / Automatic mode

##### 6.2.1.1.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-44 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-95 .H6}

**with** { UE pre-set in Automatic network selection mode }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is switched on and there are suitable NR and E-UTRAN cells
some on the OPLMN list and some not on the OPLMN list, none of them
being part of the RPLMN }

**then** { UE selects the highest priority OPLMN and RAT combination,
attaches on the selected cell.}

}

##### (2) {#section-96 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic network selection mode }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE returns to coverage and there are suitable NR and E-UTRAN
cells some on the OPLMN list and some not on the OPLMN list , none of
them being part of the RPLMN }

**then** { UE selects the highest priority OPLMN and RAT combination,
attaches on the selected cell**.** }

}

##### 6.2.1.1.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-44 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 23.122 clauses 4.4.3.1 and 4.4.3.1.1. Unless otherwise
stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.4.3.1\]

If successful registration is achieved, the MS indicates the selected
PLMN.

\...

NOTE 3: If successful registration is achieved, then the current serving
PLMN becomes the registered PLMN and the MS does not store the previous
registered PLMN for later use.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.4.3.1.1\]

The MS selects and attempts registration on other PLMN/access technology
combinations, if available and allowable, in the following order:

i\) either the HPLMN (if the EHPLMN list is not present or is empty) or
the highest priority EHPLMN that is available (if the EHPLMN list is
present) ;

ii\) each PLMN/access technology combination in the \"User Controlled
PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file in the SIM (in priority
order);

iii\) each PLMN/access technology combination in the \"Operator
Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file in the SIM
(in priority order);

iv\) other PLMN/access technology combinations with received high
quality signal in random order;

v\) other PLMN/access technology combinations in order of decreasing
signal quality.

##### 6.2.1.1.3 Test description {#test-description-43 .H6}

##### 6.2.1.1.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-43 .H6}

##### System Simulator {#system-simulator-33 .H6}

\- 3 NR cells as specified in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] table 4.4.2-3. System
information combination NR-1 as defined in Ts 38.508-1 \[4\] sub-clause
4.4.3.1.2 is applied to all the NR cells.

\- 1 cell belongs to E-UTRA. System information combination 1 as defined
in TS 36.508 \[7\] clause 4.4.3.1 is used.

\- PLMN settings are defined in TS 36.523-1 \[13\] table 6.0.1-1.

Table 6.2.1.1.3.1-1: Cell PLMN identities

  Cell            PLMN name
  --------------- -----------
  NR Cell 1       PLMN2
  NR Cell 12      PLMN13
  NR Cell 13      PLMN14
  E-UTRA Cell 1   PLMN13

##### UE {#ue-39 .H6}

> \- The UE is in Automatic PLMN selection mode.
>
> \- The HPLMN is PLMN1.
>
> \- USIM configuration 12 as specified in tables 6.4.1-12 in TS
> 38.508-1 \[4\] will be used.

##### Preamble {#preamble-42 .H6}

\- The UE is in state Switched OFF (state 0-A) according to TS 38.508-1
\[4\].

##### 6.2.1.1.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-43 .H6}

Table 6.2.1.1.3.2-1 and table 6.2.1.1.3.2-2 illustrate the downlink
power levels to be applied for the cells at various time instants of the
test execution. Row marked \"T0\" denotes the initial conditions after
preamble, while columns marked \"T1\" is to be applied subsequently in
the Main behaviour. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause.

Table 6.2.1.1.3.2-1: Cell configuration changes over time for conducted
test environment

+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|    | Para  | Unit  | NR    | NR    | NR    | E     | Re    |
|    | meter |       | Cell  | Cell  | Cell  | -UTRA | marks |
|    |       |       | 1     | 12    | 13    | Cell  |       |
|    |       |       |       |       |       | 1     |       |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T0 | SS    | dB    | -88   | \"    | -88   |       | Power |
|    | /PBCH | m/SCS |       | Off\" |       |       | level |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | "Off" |
|    | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
|    | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | in TS |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 38.   |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 508-1 |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | \[4\] |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | Table |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6.2.  |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2.1-3 |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|    | RS    | dBm/  |       |       |       | -85   |       |
|    | EPRE  | 15kHz |       |       |       |       |       |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T1 | SS    | dB    | \"    | -88   | -88   |       | Power |
|    | /PBCH | m/SCS | Off\" |       |       |       | level |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | "Off" |
|    | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
|    | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | in TS |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 38.   |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 508-1 |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | \[4\] |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | Table |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6.2.  |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2.1-3 |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|    | RS    | dBm/  |       |       |       | -85   |       |
|    | EPRE  | 15kHz |       |       |       |       |       |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 6.2.1.1.3.2-2: Cell configuration changes over time for OTA test
environment

+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|    | Para  | Unit  | NR    | NR    | NR    | E     | Re    |
|    | meter |       | Cell  | Cell  | Cell  | -UTRA | marks |
|    |       |       | 1     | 12    | 13    | Cell  |       |
|    |       |       |       |       |       | 1     |       |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T0 | SS    | dB    | -82   | \"    | -82   |       | Power |
|    | /PBCH | m/SCS |       | Off\" |       |       | level |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | "Off" |
|    | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
|    | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | in TS |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 38.   |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 508-1 |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | \[4\] |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | Table |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6.2.  |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2.1-3 |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|    | RS    | dBm/  | \-    | \-    | \-    | -85   |       |
|    | EPRE  | 15kHz |       |       |       |       |       |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|    | Qrxl  | dBm   | -91+\ | \-    | -91+\ | \-    |       |
|    | evmin |       | D     |       | D     |       |       |
|    |       |       | elta( |       | elta( |       |       |
|    |       |       | NRf1) |       | NRf3) |       |       |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| T1 | SS    | dB    | \"    | -82   | -82   |       | Power |
|    | /PBCH | m/SCS | Off\" |       |       |       | level |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | "Off" |
|    | SSS   |       |       |       |       |       | is    |
|    | EPRE  |       |       |       |       |       | de    |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | fined |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | in TS |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 38.   |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 508-1 |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | \[4\] |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | Table |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6.2.  |
|    |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2.1-3 |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|    | RS    | dBm/  | \-    | \-    | \-    | -85   |       |
|    | EPRE  | 15kHz |       |       |       |       |       |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|    | Qrxl  | dBm   | \-    | -91+\ | -91+\ | \-    |       |
|    | evmin |       |       | D     | D     |       |       |
|    |       |       |       | elta( | elta( |       |       |
|    |       |       |       | NRf2) | NRf1) |       |       |
+----+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 6.2.1.1.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  St        Procedure                                                                                                                                           Message Sequence   TP                          Verdict   
  --------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ --------------------------- --------- ----
                                                                                                                                                                U -- S             Message                               
  1         The UE is switched on.                                                                                                                              \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  2         Check: Does the UE send *RRCSetupRequest* on NR Cell 1?                                                                                             \--\>              NR RRC: *RRCSetupRequest*   1         P
  3-20a1    Steps 3-20a1 of the registration procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] table 4.5.2.2-2 are performed on NR Cell 1.                               \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  21        The SS adjusts cell levels according to row T1 of table 6.2.1.1.3.2-1.                                                                              \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  22-28a1   Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] table 4.9.7.2.2-1 is performed and the UE is camped on E-UTRAN Cell 1?   \-                 *-*                         2         P

##### 6.2.1.1.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-41 .H6}

None.

#### 6.2.1.2 Inter-RAT PLMN Selection / Selection of correct RAT for UPLMN / Automatic mode

##### 6.2.1.2.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-45 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-97 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic network selection mode **and** UPLMN and
OPLMN cells available on NR and E-UTRAN}

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is switched on}

**then** { UE selects the highest priority UPLMN and RAT combination
**and** UE attempts to register on the selected cell }

}

##### (2) {#section-98 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic network selection mode **and** UPLMN and
OPLMN cells available on NR and E-UTRAN}

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE returns to coverage}

**then** { UE selects the highest priority VPLMN and RAT combination
**and** UE attempts to attach on the selected cell }

}

##### 6.2.1.2.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-45 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 23.122 clauses 4.4.3.1 and 4.4.3.1.1. Unless otherwise
stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.4.3.1\]

If successful registration is achieved, the MS indicates the selected
PLMN.

\...

NOTE 3: If successful registration is achieved, then the current serving
PLMN becomes the registered PLMN and the MS does not store the previous
registered PLMN for later use.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.4.3.1.1\]

The MS selects and attempts registration on other PLMN/access technology
combinations, if available and allowable, in the following order:

i\) either the HPLMN (if the EHPLMN list is not present or is empty) or
the highest priority EHPLMN that is available (if the EHPLMN list is
present) ;

ii\) each PLMN/access technology combination in the \"User Controlled
PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file in the SIM (in priority
order);

iii\) each PLMN/access technology combination in the \"Operator
Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file in the SIM
(in priority order);

iv\) other PLMN/access technology combinations with received high
quality signal in random order;

v\) other PLMN/access technology combinations in order of decreasing
signal quality.

##### 6.2.1.2.3 Test description {#test-description-44 .H6}

##### 6.2.1.2.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-44 .H6}

##### System Simulator {#system-simulator-34 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 12 as specified in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] table
4.4.2-3 are configured as shown in Table 6.2.1.2.3.2-1. System
information combination NR-1 as defined in Ts 38.508-1 \[4\] sub-clause
4.4.3.1.2 is applied to all the NR cells.

\- E-UTRA Cell 1 belongs to E-UTRA (defined in TS 36.508 \[7\]). System
information combination 1 as defined in TS 36.508 \[7\] clause 4.4.3.1
is used.

\- PLMN settings are defined in TS 36.523-1 \[13\] table 6.0.1-1.

Table 6.2.1.2.3.1-1: Cell PLMN identities

  Cell            PLMN name
  --------------- -----------
  NR Cell 1       PLMN2
  NR Cell 12      PLMN13
  E-UTRA Cell 1   PLMN13

##### UE {#ue-40 .H6}

> \- The UE is in Automatic PLMN selection mode.
>
> \- The HPLMN is PLMN1.
>
> \- USIM configuration 7 as specified in tables 6.4.1-7 in TS 38.508-1
> \[4\] will be used.

##### Preamble {#preamble-43 .H6}

\- The UE is in state Switched OFF (state 0-A) according to TS 38.508-1
\[4\].

##### 6.2.1.2.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-44 .H6}

Table 6.2.1.2.3.2-1 and table 6.2.1.2.3.2-2 illustrate the downlink
power levels to be applied for the cells at various time instants of the
test execution. Row marked \"T0\" denotes the initial conditions after
preamble, while columns marked \"T1\" is to be applied subsequently in
the Main behaviour. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause.

Table 6.2.1.2.3.2-1: Cell configuration changes over time for conducted
test environment

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | E-UTRA  | Remarks |
|    | rameter |         | 1       | 12      | Cell 1  |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T0 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | -88     | \-      |         |
|    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | RS EPRE | dB      |         |         | -85     |         |
|    |         | m/15kHz |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | \"Off\" | \-      | Power   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | "Off"   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 6.      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.1-3 |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | RS EPRE | dB      |         |         | -85     |         |
|    |         | m/15kHz |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.2.1.2.3.2-2: Cell configuration changes over time for OTA test
environment

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | E-UTRA  | Remarks |
|    | rameter |         | 1       | 12      | Cell 1  |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T0 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -82     | -82     | \-      |         |
|    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | RS EPRE | dB      | \-      | \-      | -85     |         |
|    |         | m/15kHz |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Qr      | dBm     | -91+\   | -91+\   | \-      |         |
|    | xlevmin |         | Delt    | Delt    |         |         |
|    |         |         | a(NRf1) | a(NRf2) |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -82     | \"Off\" | \-      | Power   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | "Off"   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 6.      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.1-3 |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | RS EPRE | dB      | \-      | \-      | -85     |         |
|    |         | m/15kHz |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Qr      | dBm     | -91+\   | \-      | \-      |         |
|    | xlevmin |         | Delt    |         |         |         |
|    |         |         | a(NRf1) |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.2.1.2.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| St     | Procedure   | Message     | TP          | Verdict |    |
|        |             | Sequence    |             |         |    |
+========+=============+=============+=============+=========+====+
|        |             | U -- S      | Message     |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 1      | The UE is   | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | switched    |             |             |         |    |
|        | on.         |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 2      | Check: Does | \--\>       | *RRCSe      | 1       | P  |
|        | the UE send |             | tupRequest* |         |    |
|        | *RRCSe      |             |             |         |    |
|        | tupRequest* |             |             |         |    |
|        | on NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|        | 12?         |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 3-20a1 | Steps       | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | 3-20a1 of   |             |             |         |    |
|        | the         |             |             |         |    |
|        | r           |             |             |         |    |
|        | egistration |             |             |         |    |
|        | procedure   |             |             |         |    |
|        | described   |             |             |         |    |
|        | in TS       |             |             |         |    |
|        | 38.508-1    |             |             |         |    |
|        | \[4\] table |             |             |         |    |
|        | 4.5.2.2-2   |             |             |         |    |
|        | are         |             |             |         |    |
|        | performed   |             |             |         |    |
|        | on NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|        | 12.         |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 21     | The SS      | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | adjusts     |             |             |         |    |
|        | cell levels |             |             |         |    |
|        | according   |             |             |         |    |
|        | to row T1   |             |             |         |    |
|        | of table    |             |             |         |    |
|        | 6.2.1       |             |             |         |    |
|        | .2.3.2-1/2. |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 22     | Check: Does | \-          | \-          | 2       | P  |
|        | the test    |             |             |         |    |
|        | result of   |             |             |         |    |
|        | generic     |             |             |         |    |
|        | test        |             |             |         |    |
|        | procedure   |             |             |         |    |
|        | in TS       |             |             |         |    |
|        | 38.508-1    |             |             |         |    |
|        | \[4\] table |             |             |         |    |
|        | 4.9.7.2.2-1 |             |             |         |    |
|        | is          |             |             |         |    |
|        | performed   |             |             |         |    |
|        | and the UE  |             |             |         |    |
|        | is camped   |             |             |         |    |
|        | on E-UTRAN  |             |             |         |    |
|        | Cell 1 with |             |             |         |    |
|        | condition   |             |             |         |    |
|        | \           |             |             |         |    |
|        | '*connected |             |             |         |    |
|        | without     |             |             |         |    |
|        | release*\'? |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 23     | At the end  | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | of this     |             |             |         |    |
|        | test        |             |             |         |    |
|        | procedure   |             |             |         |    |
|        | sequence,   |             |             |         |    |
|        | the UE is   |             |             |         |    |
|        | in end      |             |             |         |    |
|        | state       |             |             |         |    |
|        | E-UTRA      |             |             |         |    |
|        | connected   |             |             |         |    |
|        |             |             |             |         |    |
|        | (E2\_T3440) |             |             |         |    |
|        | according   |             |             |         |    |
|        | to TS       |             |             |         |    |
|        | 36.508      |             |             |         |    |
|        | \[7\].      |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+

##### 6.2.1.2.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-42 .H6}

None.

#### 6.2.1.3 Inter-RAT PLMN Selection / Selection of correct PLMN and RAT in shared network environment / Automatic mode

##### 6.2.1.3.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-46 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-99 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic network selection mode and shared OPLMN cells
available on NR and E-UTRAN }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is switched on }

**then** { UE selects the highest priority OPLMN and RAT combination and
UE attempts to register on the selected cell and PLMN }

}

##### (2) {#section-100 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic network selection mode and shared OPLMN cells
available on NR and E-UTRAN }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE returns to coverage }

**then** { UE selects the highest priority OPLMN and RAT combination and
UE attempts to attach on the selected cell and PLMN }

}

##### 6.2.1.3.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-46 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 23.122 clauses 4.4.3, 4.4.3.1 and 4.4.3.1.1. Unless
otherwise stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.4.3\]

When the MS reselects to a cell in a shared network, and the cell is a
suitable cell for multiple PLMN identities received on the BCCH or on
the EC-BCCH the AS indicates these multiple PLMN identities to the NAS
according to 3GPP TS 44.018 \[34\], 3GPP TS 44.060 \[39\],
3GPP TS 25.304 \[32\] and 3GPP TS 36.304 \[43\]. The MS shall choose one
of these PLMNs. If the registered PLMN is available among these PLMNs,
the MS shall not choose a different PLMN.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.4.3.1\]

If successful registration is achieved, the MS indicates the selected
PLMN.

\...

NOTE 3: If successful registration is achieved, then the current serving
PLMN becomes the registered PLMN and the MS does not store the previous
registered PLMN for later use.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.4.3.1.1\]

The MS selects and attempts registration on other PLMN/access technology
combinations, if available and allowable, in the following order:

i\) either the HPLMN (if the EHPLMN list is not present or is empty) or
the highest priority EHPLMN that is available (if the EHPLMN list is
present) ;

ii\) each PLMN/access technology combination in the \"User Controlled
PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file in the SIM (in priority
order);

iii\) each PLMN/access technology combination in the \"Operator
Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file in the SIM
(in priority order);

iv\) other PLMN/access technology combinations with received high
quality signal in random order;

v\) other PLMN/access technology combinations in order of decreasing
signal quality.

##### 6.2.1.3.3 Test description {#test-description-45 .H6}

##### 6.2.1.3.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-45 .H6}

##### System Simulator {#system-simulator-35 .H6}

\- 2 NR cells as specified in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] table 4.4.2-3 are
configured as shown in Table 6.2.1.3.3.2-1. System information
combination NR-1 as defined in Ts 38.508-1 \[4\] sub-clause 4.4.3.1.2 is
applied to all the NR cells.

\- 1 cell belongs to E-UTRA. System information combination 1 as defined
in TS 36.508 \[7\] clause 4.4.3.1 is used.

\- PLMN settings are defined in TS 36.523-1 \[13\] table 6.0.1-1.

Table 6.2.1.3.3.1-1: Cell PLMN identities

  Cell            PLMN name
  --------------- -----------
  NR Cell 1       PLMN16
                  PLMN15
  NR Cell 12      PLMN16
                  PLMN17
  E-UTRA Cell 1   PLMN17
                  PLMN16

##### UE {#ue-41 .H6}

> \- The UE is in Automatic PLMN selection mode.
>
> \- The HPLMN is PLMN1.
>
> \- USIM configuration 8 as specified in tables 6.4.1-8 in TS 38.508-1
> \[4\] will be used.

##### Preamble {#preamble-44 .H6}

\- The UE is in state Switched OFF (state 0-A) according to TS 38.508-1
\[4\].

##### 6.2.1.3.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-45 .H6}

Table 6.2.1.3.3.2-1 and table 6.2.1.3.3.2-2 illustrate the downlink
power levels to be applied for the cells at various time instants of the
test execution. Row marked \"T0\" denotes the initial conditions after
preamble, while columns marked \"T1\" is to be applied subsequently in
the Main behaviour. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause.

Table 6.2.1.3.3.2-1: Cell configuration changes over time for conducted
test environment

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | E-UTRA  | Remarks |
|    | rameter |         | 1       | 12      | Cell 1  |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T0 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | -88     |         |         |
|    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | RS EPRE | dB      |         |         | -85     |         |
|    |         | m/15kHz |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | \"Off\" | -88     |         | Power   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | "Off"   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 6.      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.1-3 |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | RS EPRE | dB      |         |         | -85     |         |
|    |         | m/15kHz |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.2.1.3.3.2-2: Cell configuration changes over time for OTA test
environment

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | E-UTRA  | Remarks |
|    | rameter |         | 1       | 12      | Cell 1  |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T0 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -82     | -82     |         |         |
|    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | RS EPRE | dB      | \-      | \-      | -85     |         |
|    |         | m/15kHz |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Qr      | dBm     | -91+\   | -91+\   | \-      |         |
|    | xlevmin |         | Delt    | Delt    |         |         |
|    |         |         | a(NRf1) | a(NRf2) |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | \"Off\" | -82     | \-      | Power   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | "Off"   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 6.      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.1-3 |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | RS EPRE | dB      | \-      | \-      | -85     |         |
|    |         | m/15kHz |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Qr      | dBm     | \-      | -91+\   | \-      |         |
|    | xlevmin |         |         | Delt    |         |         |
|    |         |         |         | a(NRf2) |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.2.1.3.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| St     | Procedure   | Message     | TP          | Verdict |    |
|        |             | Sequence    |             |         |    |
+========+=============+=============+=============+=========+====+
|        |             | U -- S      | Message     |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 1      | The UE is   | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | switched    |             |             |         |    |
|        | on.         |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 2      | Check: Does | \--\>       | NR RRC:     | 1       | P  |
|        | the UE send |             | *RRCSe      |         |    |
|        | *RRCSe      |             | tupRequest* |         |    |
|        | tupRequest* |             |             |         |    |
|        | on NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|        | 1?          |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 3-20a1 | Steps       | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | 3-20a1 of   |             |             |         |    |
|        | the         |             |             |         |    |
|        | r           |             |             |         |    |
|        | egistration |             |             |         |    |
|        | procedure   |             |             |         |    |
|        | described   |             |             |         |    |
|        | in TS       |             |             |         |    |
|        | 38.508-1    |             |             |         |    |
|        | \[4\] Table |             |             |         |    |
|        | 4.5.2.2-2   |             |             |         |    |
|        | are         |             |             |         |    |
|        | performed   |             |             |         |    |
|        | on NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|        | 1.          |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 21     | The SS      | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | adjusts     |             |             |         |    |
|        | cell levels |             |             |         |    |
|        | according   |             |             |         |    |
|        | to row T1   |             |             |         |    |
|        | of table    |             |             |         |    |
|        | 6.2.1       |             |             |         |    |
|        | .3.3.2-1/2. |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 22     | Check: Does | \-          | *-*         | 2       | P  |
|        | the test    |             |             |         |    |
|        | result of   |             |             |         |    |
|        | generic     |             |             |         |    |
|        | test        |             |             |         |    |
|        | procedure   |             |             |         |    |
|        | in TS       |             |             |         |    |
|        | 38.508-1    |             |             |         |    |
|        | \[4\] table |             |             |         |    |
|        | 4.9.7.2.2-1 |             |             |         |    |
|        | is          |             |             |         |    |
|        | performed   |             |             |         |    |
|        | and the UE  |             |             |         |    |
|        | is camped   |             |             |         |    |
|        | on E-UTRAN  |             |             |         |    |
|        | Cell 1 with |             |             |         |    |
|        | condition   |             |             |         |    |
|        | \           |             |             |         |    |
|        | '*connected |             |             |         |    |
|        | without     |             |             |         |    |
|        | release*\'? |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 23     | At the end  | \-          | *-*         | \-      | \- |
|        | of this     |             |             |         |    |
|        | test        |             |             |         |    |
|        | procedure   |             |             |         |    |
|        | sequence,   |             |             |         |    |
|        | the UE is   |             |             |         |    |
|        | in end      |             |             |         |    |
|        | state       |             |             |         |    |
|        | E-UTRA      |             |             |         |    |
|        | connected   |             |             |         |    |
|        |             |             |             |         |    |
|        | (E2\_T3440) |             |             |         |    |
|        | according   |             |             |         |    |
|        | to TS       |             |             |         |    |
|        | 36.508      |             |             |         |    |
|        | \[7\].      |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+

##### 6.2.1.3.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-43 .H6}

Table 6.2.1.3.3.3-1: SIB1 for NR Cell 1 (all steps, Table 6.2.1.3.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.6.1-28                                                       
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                         Value/Remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                  
  CellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                     
  PLMN-IdentityInfoList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF PLMN-IdentityInfo {   1 entry                  
  PLMN-IdentityInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                          entry 1   
  plmn-IdentityList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF PLMN-Identity {           2 entries                
  PLMN-Identity\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                              entry 1   
  mcc                                                                         PLMN16 MCC               
  mnc                                                                         PLMN16 MNC               
  }                                                                                                    
  PLMN-Identity\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                              entry 2   
  mcc                                                                         PLMN15 MCC               
  mnc                                                                         PLMN15 MNC               
  }                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                    

Table 6.2.1.3.3.3-2: SIB1 for NR Cell 12 (all steps, Table 6.2.1.3.3.2-)

  Derivation path: 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.6.1-28                                                       
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                         Value/Remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                  
  CellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                     
  PLMN-IdentityInfoList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF PLMN-IdentityInfo {   1 entry                  
  PLMN-IdentityInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                          entry 1   
  plmn-IdentityList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF PLMN-Identity {           2 entries                
  PLMN-Identity\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                              entry 1   
  mcc                                                                         PLMN16 MCC               
  mnc                                                                         PLMN16 MNC               
  }                                                                                                    
  PLMN-Identity\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                              entry 2   
  mcc                                                                         PLMN17 MCC               
  mnc                                                                         PLMN17 MNC               
  }                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                    

Table 6.2.1.3.3.3-3: SystemInformationBlockType1 for E-UTRAN Cell 1 (all
steps, Table 6.2.1.3.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: 36.508\[7\] Table 4.4.3.2-3                                               
  ----------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                               Value/Remark   Comment   Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                 
  cellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                           
  plmn-IdentityList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..6)) OF PLMN-IdentityInfo {   2 entries                
  PLMN-IdentityInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                entry 1   
  plmn-Identity                                                     PLMN17                   
  }                                                                                          
  PLMN-IdentityInfo\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                entry 2   
  plmn-Identity                                                     PLMN16                   
  }                                                                                          
  }                                                                                          
  }                                                                                          
  }                                                                                          

Table 6.2.1.3.3.3-4: *RRCSetupComplete* (Step 6, Table 6.2.1.3.3.2-3)

  ------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.6.1-22                            
  Information Element                              Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  RRCSetupComplete::= SEQUENCE {                                            
  criticalExtensions CHOICE {                                               
  rrcSetupComplete SEQUENCE {                                               
  selectedPLMN-Identity                            2              PLMN15    
  }                                                                         
  }                                                                         
  }                                                                         
  ------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.2.1.3.3.3-5: *RRCConnectionSetupComplete* (Step 22, Table
6.2.1.3.3.2-3)

  --------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: 36.331 \[11\] clause 6.2.2                            
  Information Element                           Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  RRCConnectionSetupComplete ::= SEQUENCE {                              
  criticalExtensions CHOICE {                                            
  c1 CHOICE {                                                            
  rrcConnectionSetupComplete-r8 SEQUENCE {                               
  selectedPLMN-Identity                         1              PLMN17    
  }                                                                      
  }                                                                      
  }                                                                      
  }                                                                      
  --------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

#### 6.2.1.4 Inter-RAT PLMN Selection / Selection of correct RAT from the OPLMN list / Manual mode

##### 6.2.1.4.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-47 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-101 .H6}

**with** { UE in Manual network selection mode **and** OPLMN cells
available on NR and E-UTRA}

**ensure that** {

**when** { the USER selects an OPLMN}

**then** { UE selects the highest priority RAT for the OPLMN and UE
attempts to attach on the selected cell and when successfully registered
indicates the PLMN to the user }

}

##### (2) {#section-102 .H6}

**with** { UE in Manual network selection mode and OPLMN cells available
on NR and E-UTRA}

**ensure that** {

**when** { the USER selects an OPLMN and RAT combination}

**then** {UE attempts to attach on the selected OPLMN and RAT
combination and when successfully registered indicates the PLMN to the
user }

}

##### 6.2.1.4.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-47 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 23.122 clauses 4.4.3.1.2. Unless otherwise stated these
are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.4.3.1.2\]

The MS indicates whether there are any PLMNs, which are available using
all supported access technologies. This includes PLMNs in the
\"forbidden PLMNs\" list, \"forbidden PLMNs for GPRS service\" list and
PLMNs which only offer services not supported by the MS. An MS which
supports GSM COMPACT shall also indicate GSM COMPACT PLMNs (which use
PBCCH).

If displayed, PLMNs meeting the criteria above are presented in the
following order:

i)- either the HPLMN (if the EHPLMN list is not present or is empty) or,
if one or more of the EHPLMNs are available then based on an optional
data field on the SIM either only the highest priority available EHPLMN
is to be presented to the user or all available EHPLMNs are presented to
the user in priority order. If the data field is not present on the SIM,
then only the highest priority available EHPLMN is presented;

ii)- PLMN/access technology combinations contained in the \" User
Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology \" data file in the SIM
(in priority order);

iii)- PLMN/access technology combinations contained in the \"Operator
Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file in the SIM
(in priority order);

iv)- other PLMN/access technology combinations with received high
quality signal in random order;

v)- other PLMN/access technology combinations in order of decreasing
signal quality.

...

The user may select his desired PLMN and the MS then initiates
registration on this PLMN using the access technology chosen by the user
for that PLMN or using the highest priority available access technology
for that PLMN, if the associated access technologies have a priority
order. (This may take place at any time during the presentation of
PLMNs). For such a registration, the MS shall ignore the contents of the
\"forbidden location areas for roaming\", \"forbidden tracking areas for
roaming\", \"5GS forbidden tracking areas for roaming\", \"forbidden
location areas for regional provision of service\", \"forbidden tracking
areas for regional provision of service\", \"5GS forbidden tracking
areas for regional provision of service\", \"forbidden PLMNs for GPRS
service\" and \"forbidden PLMNs\" lists.

NOTE 1: It is an MS implementation option whether to indicate access
technologies to the user. If the MS does display access technologies,
then the access technology selected by the user is only used for initial
registration on the selected PLMN. If the MS does not display access
technologies, then the access technology chosen for a particular PLMN
should be the highest priority available access technology for that
PLMN, if the associated access technologies have a priority order, and
is only used for initial registration.

##### 6.2.1.4.3 Test description {#test-description-46 .H6}

##### 6.2.1.4.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-46 .H6}

##### System Simulator {#system-simulator-36 .H6}

\- 3 cells are used:

> \- NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 12 as specified in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] table
> 4.4.2-3 are configured as shown in Table 6.2.1.2.3.2-1. System
> information combination NR-1 as defined in Ts 38.508-1 \[4\]
> sub-clause 4.4.3.1.2 is applied to all the NR cells.
>
> \- E-UTRA Cell 1 belongs to E-UTRA (defined in TS 36.508 \[7\]).
> System information combination 1 as defined in TS 36.508 \[7\] clause
> 4.4.3.1 is used.
>
> \- PLMN settings are defined in TS 36.523-1 \[13\] table 6.0.1-1.

Table 6.2.1.4.3.1-1: Cell PLMN identities

  Cell            PLMN name
  --------------- -----------
  NR Cell 1       PLMN2
  NR Cell 12      PLMN13
  E-UTRA Cell 1   PLMN2

##### UE {#ue-42 .H6}

> \- The HPLMN is PLMN1.
>
> \- USIM configuration 13 as specified in table 6.4.1-13 in TS 38.508-1
> \[4\] will be used.

##### Preamble {#preamble-45 .H6}

\- The UE is attached to PLMN1 and the UE is set to Manual PLMN
selection mode before it is in state Switched OFF (state 0N-B) according
to TS 38.508-1 \[4\].

##### 6.2.1.4.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-46 .H6}

Table 6.2.1.4.3.2-1 and table 6.2.1.4.3.2-2 illustrate the downlink
power levels to be applied for the cells at various time instants of the
test execution. Row marked \"T0\" denotes the initial conditions after
preamble.Configurations marked \"T1\" and \"T2\" are applied at the
points indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table
6.2.1.4.3.2-3.

Table 6.2.1.4.3.2-1: Cell configuration changes over time for conducted
test environment

+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------------+
|    | Parameter | Unit      | NR Cell 1 | NR Cell 12 | E-UTRA Cell 1 |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------------+
| T0 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS   | -88       | -88        |               |
|    |           |           |           |            |               |
|    | SSS EPRE  |           |           |            |               |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------------+
|    | RS EPRE   | dBm/15kHz |           |            | -85           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS   | OFF       | OFF        |               |
|    |           |           |           |            |               |
|    | SSS EPRE  |           |           |            |               |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------------+
|    | RS EPRE   | dBm/15kHz |           |            | -85           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS   | -88       | OFF        |               |
|    |           |           |           |            |               |
|    | SSS EPRE  |           |           |            |               |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------------+
|    | RS EPRE   | dBm/15kHz |           |            | OFF           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------------+

Table 6.2.1.4.3.2-2: Cell configuration changes over time for OTA test
environment

+----+-----------+-----------+-------------+-------------+---------------+
|    | Parameter | Unit      | NR Cell 1   | NR Cell 12  | E-UTRA Cell 1 |
+----+-----------+-----------+-------------+-------------+---------------+
| T0 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS   | -82         | -82         | \-            |
|    |           |           |             |             |               |
|    | SSS EPRE  |           |             |             |               |
+----+-----------+-----------+-------------+-------------+---------------+
|    | RS EPRE   | dBm/15kHz | \-          | \-          | -85           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-------------+-------------+---------------+
|    | Qrxlevmin | dBm       | -91+\       | -91+\       | \-            |
|    |           |           | Delta(NRf1) | Delta(NRf2) |               |
+----+-----------+-----------+-------------+-------------+---------------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS   | OFF         | OFF         |               |
|    |           |           |             |             |               |
|    | SSS EPRE  |           |             |             |               |
+----+-----------+-----------+-------------+-------------+---------------+
|    | RS EPRE   | dBm/15kHz |             |             | -85           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-------------+-------------+---------------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS   | -82         | OFF         |               |
|    |           |           |             |             |               |
|    | SSS EPRE  |           |             |             |               |
+----+-----------+-----------+-------------+-------------+---------------+
|    | RS EPRE   | dBm/15kHz |             |             | OFF           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-------------+-------------+---------------+

Table 6.2.1.4.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+-----+----------------+----------------+---------+---------+----+
| St  | Procedure      | Message        | TP      | Verdict |    |
|     |                | Sequence       |         |         |    |
+=====+================+================+=========+=========+====+
|     |                | U -- S         | Message |         |    |
+-----+----------------+----------------+---------+---------+----+
| 1   | The UE is      | \-             | \-      | \-      | \- |
|     | switched on.   |                |         |         |    |
+-----+----------------+----------------+---------+---------+----+
| 2   | Make the UE    | \-             | *-*     | \-      | \- |
|     | display the    |                |         |         |    |
|     | list of        |                |         |         |    |
|     | available      |                |         |         |    |
|     | PLMNs.         |                |         |         |    |
+-----+----------------+----------------+---------+---------+----+
| \-  | EXCEPTION:     | \-             | \-      | \-      | \- |
|     | Steps 2a1 to   |                |         |         |    |
|     | 2b5 describe   |                |         |         |    |
|     | behaviour that |                |         |         |    |
|     | depends on UE  |                |         |         |    |
|     | capabilities;  |                |         |         |    |
|     | the \"lower    |                |         |         |    |
|     | case letter\"  |                |         |         |    |
|     | identifies a   |                |         |         |    |
|     | step sequence  |                |         |         |    |
|     | that takes     |                |         |         |    |
|     | place if the   |                |         |         |    |
|     | condition is   |                |         |         |    |
|     | met.           |                |         |         |    |
+-----+----------------+----------------+---------+---------+----+
| 2a1 | IF             | \-             | \-      | \-      | \- |
|     | pc\_Avai       |                |         |         |    |
|     | lable\_PLMNs\_ |                |         |         |    |
|     | AcT\_Ind\[29\] |                |         |         |    |
|     | (Support of    |                |         |         |    |
|     | Access         |                |         |         |    |
|     | Technology     |                |         |         |    |
|     | Indication in  |                |         |         |    |
|     | available      |                |         |         |    |
|     | PLMNs list)    |                |         |         |    |
|     | THEN PLMN2     |                |         |         |    |
|     | (E-UTRAN) is   |                |         |         |    |
|     | selected       |                |         |         |    |
+-----+----------------+----------------+---------+---------+----+
| 2a2 | Check: Does    | \-             | *-*     | 2       |    |
|     | the test       |                |         |         |    |
|     | result of      |                |         |         |    |
|     | generic test   |                |         |         |    |
|     | procedure in   |                |         |         |    |
|     | TS 38.508-1    |                |         |         |    |
|     | \[4\] table    |                |         |         |    |
|     | 4.5.2.2-5 is   |                |         |         |    |
|     | performed and  |                |         |         |    |
|     | the UE is      |                |         |         |    |
|     | camped on      |                |         |         |    |
|     | E-UTRA Cell 1? |                |         |         |    |
+-----+----------------+----------------+---------+---------+----+
| 2a3 | Check: Is      | \-             | \-      | 2       | P  |
|     | PLMN2          |                |         |         |    |
|     | indicated as   |                |         |         |    |
|     | registered     |                |         |         |    |
|     | PLMN by the    |                |         |         |    |
|     | UE?            |                |         |         |    |
+-----+----------------+----------------+---------+---------+----+
| 2a4 | The SS adjusts |                |         |         |    |
|     | the NR Cell    |                |         |         |    |
|     | power levels   |                |         |         |    |
|     | according to   |                |         |         |    |
|     | row \"T1\" in  |                |         |         |    |
|     | table          |                |         |         |    |
|     | 6.             |                |         |         |    |
|     | 2.1.4.3.2-1/2. |                |         |         |    |
+-----+----------------+----------------+---------+---------+----+
| 2a5 | Set the UE in  |                |         |         |    |
|     | Automatic PLMN |                |         |         |    |
|     | selection      |                |         |         |    |
|     | mode.          |                |         |         |    |
+-----+----------------+----------------+---------+---------+----+
| 2b1 | ELSE (No       |                |         |         |    |
|     | Access         |                |         |         |    |
|     | Technology     |                |         |         |    |
|     | shown to the   |                |         |         |    |
|     | User)          |                |         |         |    |
|     |                |                |         |         |    |
|     | PLMN2 is       |                |         |         |    |
|     | selected       |                |         |         |    |
+-----+----------------+----------------+---------+---------+----+
| 2b2 | Check: Does    | \-             |         | 1       |    |
|     | the test       |                |         |         |    |
|     | result of      |                |         |         |    |
|     | generic test   |                |         |         |    |
|     | procedure in   |                |         |         |    |
|     | TS 38.508-1    |                |         |         |    |
|     | \[4\] table    |                |         |         |    |
|     | 4.5.2.2-2 is   |                |         |         |    |
|     | performed and  |                |         |         |    |
|     | the UE is      |                |         |         |    |
|     | camped on NR   |                |         |         |    |
|     | Cell 1?        |                |         |         |    |
+-----+----------------+----------------+---------+---------+----+
| 2b3 | Check: Is      | \-             | \-      | 1       | P  |
|     | PLMN2          |                |         |         |    |
|     | indicated as   |                |         |         |    |
|     | registered     |                |         |         |    |
|     | PLMN by the    |                |         |         |    |
|     | UE?            |                |         |         |    |
+-----+----------------+----------------+---------+---------+----+
| 2b4 | The SS adjusts |                |         |         |    |
|     | the E-UTRA and |                |         |         |    |
|     | NR Cell power  |                |         |         |    |
|     | levels         |                |         |         |    |
|     | according to   |                |         |         |    |
|     | row \"T2\" in  |                |         |         |    |
|     | table          |                |         |         |    |
|     | 6.             |                |         |         |    |
|     | 2.1.4.3.2-1/2. |                |         |         |    |
+-----+----------------+----------------+---------+---------+----+
| 2b5 | Set the UE in  |                |         |         |    |
|     | Automatic PLMN |                |         |         |    |
|     | selection      |                |         |         |    |
|     | mode.          |                |         |         |    |
+-----+----------------+----------------+---------+---------+----+
| 3   | Wait for 300s  | \-             | \-      | \-      | \- |
|     | to allow the   |                |         |         |    |
|     | UE to switch   |                |         |         |    |
|     | to automatic   |                |         |         |    |
|     | PLMN selection |                |         |         |    |
|     | mode.          |                |         |         |    |
+-----+----------------+----------------+---------+---------+----+

##### 6.2.1.4.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-44 .H6}

None.

#### 6.2.1.5 Inter-RAT Background HPLMN Search / Search for correct RAT for HPLMN / Automatic Mode

##### 6.2.1.5.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-48 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic network selection mode is camped on a E-UTRAN
VPLMN cell and HPLMN cell available on NR }

**ensure that** {

**when** { higher priority PLMN search timer T expires }

**then** { UE detects NR cell and camps on the NR cell }

}

##### 6.2.1.5.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-48 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 23.122 clauses 4.4.3.3.1. Unless otherwise stated these
are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.4.3.3.1\]

If the MS is in a VPLMN, the MS shall periodically attempt to obtain
service on its HPLMN (if the EHPLMN list is not present or is empty) or
one of its EHPLMNs (if the EHPLMN list is present) or a higher priority
PLMN/access technology combinations listed in \"user controlled PLMN
selector\" or \"operator controlled PLMN selector\" by scanning in
accordance with the requirements that are applicable to i), ii) and iii)
as defined in the Automatic Network Selection Mode in subclause
4.4.3.1.1. In the case that the mobile has a stored \"Equivalent PLMNs\"
list the mobile shall only select a PLMN if it is of a higher priority
than those of the same country as the current serving PLMN which are
stored in the \"Equivalent PLMNs\" list. For this purpose, a value of
timer T may be stored in the SIM. The interpretation of the stored value
depends on the radio capabilities supported by the MS:

\- For an MS that does not support any of the following: EC-GSM-IoT,
Category M1 or Category NB1 (as defined in 3GPP TS 36.306 \[54\]), T is
either in the range 6 minutes to 8 hours in 6 minute steps or it
indicates that no periodic attempts shall be made. If no value for T is
stored in the SIM, a default value of 60 minutes is used for T.

\- For an MS that only supports any of the following or a combination
of: EC-GSM-IoT, Category M1 or Category NB1 (as defined in
3GPP TS 36.306 \[54\]), T is either in the range 2 hours to 240 hours,
using 2 hour steps from 2 hours to 80 hours and 4 hour steps from
84 hours to 240 hours, or it indicates that no periodic attempts shall
be made. If no value for T is stored in the SIM, a default value of 72
hours is used.

\- For an MS that supports both:

a\) any of the following or a combination of: EC-GSM-IoT, Category M1 or
Category NB1 (as defined in 3GPP TS 36.306 \[54\]); and

b\) any access technology other than the following: EC-GSM-IoT, Category
M1 or Category NB1 (as defined in 3GPP TS 36.306 \[54\]),

then T is interpreted depending on the access technology in use as
specified below:

1\) if the MS is using any of the following at the time of starting
timer T: EC-GSM-IoT, Category M1 or Category NB1 (as defined in
3GPP TS 36.306 \[54\]), T is either in the range 2 hours to 240 hours,
using 2 hour steps from 2 hours to 80 hours and 4 hour steps from
84 hours to 240 hours, or it indicates that no periodic attempts shall
be made. If no value for T is stored in the SIM, a default value of 72
hours is used; and

2\) if the MS is not using any of the following at the time of starting
timer T: EC-GSM-IoT, Category M1 or Category NB1 (as defined in
3GPP TS 36.306 \[54\]), T is either in the range 6 minutes to 8 hours in
6 minute steps or it indicates that no periodic attempts shall be made.
If no value for T is stored in the SIM, a default value of 60 minutes is
used for T.

If the MS is configured with the MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer as specified
in 3GPP TS 24.368 \[50\] or 3GPP TS 31.102 \[40\], the MS shall not use
a value for T that is less than the MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer. If the
value stored in the SIM, or the default value for T (when no value is
stored in the SIM), is less than the MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer, then T
shall be set to the MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer.

The MS does not stop timer T, as described in 3GPP TS 24.008 \[23\] and
3GPP TS 24.301 \[23A\], when it activates power saving mode (PSM) (see
3GPP TS 23.682 \[27A\]).

The MS can be configured for Fast First Higher Priority PLMN search as
specified in 3GPP TS 31.102 \[40\] or 3GPP TS 24.368 \[50\]. Fast First
Higher Priority PLMN search is enabled if the corresponding
configuration parameter is present and set to enabled. Otherwise, Fast
First Higher Priority PLMN search is disabled.

The attempts to access the HPLMN or an EHPLMN or higher priority PLMN
shall be as specified below:

a\) The periodic attempts shall only be performed in automatic mode when
the MS is roaming, and not while the MS is attached for emergency bearer
services, is registered for emergency services, has a PDU session for
emergency services or has a PDN connection for emergency bearer
services;

b\) The MS shall make the first attempt after a period of at least
2 minutes and at most T minutes:

\- only after switch on if Fast First Higher Priority PLMN search is
disabled; or

\- after switch on or upon selecting a VPLMN if Fast First Higher
Priority PLMN search is enabled.

c\) The MS shall make the following attempts if the MS is on the VPLMN
at time T after the last attempt;

d\) Periodic attempts shall only be performed by the MS while in idle
mode;

d1) periodic attempts may be postponed while the MS is in power saving
mode (PSM) (see 3GPP TS 23.682 \[27A\]).

e\) If the HPLMN (if the EHPLMN list is not present or is empty) or a
EHPLMN (if the list is present) or a higher priority PLMN is not found,
the MS shall remain on the VPLMN.

f\) In steps i), ii) and iii) of subclause 4.4.3.1.1 the MS shall limit
its attempts to access higher priority PLMN/access technology
combinations to PLMN/access technology combinations of the same country
as the current serving VPLMN, as defined in Annex B.

g\) Only the priority levels of Equivalent PLMNs of the same country as
the current serving VPLMN, as defined in Annex B, shall be taken into
account to compare with the priority level of a selected PLMN.

h\) If the PLMN of the highest priority PLMN/access technology
combination available is the current VPLMN, or one of the PLMNs in the
\"Equivalent PLMNs\" list, the MS shall remain on the current
PLMN/access technology combination.

##### 6.2.1.5.3 Test description {#test-description-47 .H6}

##### 6.2.1.5.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-47 .H6}

##### System Simulator {#system-simulator-37 .H6}

> \- E-UTRA Cell 1 as specified in TS 36.508 \[7\]. System information
> combination 1 as defined in TS 36.508 \[7\] clause 4.4.3.1 is used.

\- NR Cell 1 as specified in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] table 4.4.2-3. System
information combination NR-1 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] sub-clause
4.4.3.1.2 is applied to the NR cell.

> \- PLMN settings are defined in TS 36.523-1 \[13\] table 6.0.1-1.

Table 6.2.1.5.3.1-1: Cell PLMN identities

  Cell            PLMN name
  --------------- -----------
  NR Cell 1       PLMN1
  E-UTRA Cell 1   PLMN15

##### UE {#ue-43 .H6}

> \- USIM configuration 9 as specified in table 6.4.1-9 in TS 38.508-1
> \[4\] will be used.

##### Preamble {#preamble-46 .H6}

\- With E-UTRA Cell 1 \"Serving cell\" and NR Cell 1 \"Non-suitable
\"Off\" cell\" in accordance with TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 6.2.2.1-3,
the UE is brought to state RRC\_IDLE using generic procedure parameter
Connectivity (*E-UTRA/EPC*) and Unrestricted nr PDN (*On*) in accordance
with the procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], clause 4.5.2. 4G GUTI
and eKSI are assigned and security context established.

\- the UE is switched-off.

\- With E-UTRA Cell 1 \"Non-suitable \"Off\" cell\" and NR Cell 1
\"Serving cell\" in accordance with TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 6.2.2.1-3,
the UE is brought to state 0N-B, RRC\_IDLE Connectivity (NR), in
accordance with the procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table
4.5.5.2-1. 5G-GUTI and ngKSI are assigned and security context
established.

##### 6.2.1.5.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-47 .H6}

Table 6.2.1.5.3.2-1and table 6.2.1.5.3.2-2 illustrate the downlink power
levels to be applied for the cells at various time instants of the test
execution. Row marked \"T0\" denotes the initial conditions after
preamble, while row marked \"T1\" is to be applied subsequently in the
Main behaviour. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause.

Table 6.2.1.5.3.2-1: Cell configuration changes over time for conducted
test environment

+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | Parameter | Unit      | NR Cell 1 | E-UTRA    | Remarks   |
|    |           |           |           | Cell 1    |           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T0 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS   | \"Off\"   | \-        | Power     |
|    |           |           |           |           | level     |
|    | SSS EPRE  |           |           |           | "Off" is  |
|    |           |           |           |           | defined   |
|    |           |           |           |           | in TS     |
|    |           |           |           |           | 38.508-1  |
|    |           |           |           |           | \[4\]     |
|    |           |           |           |           | Table     |
|    |           |           |           |           | 6.2.2.1-3 |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | RS EPRE   | dBm/15kHz | \-        | -85       |           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS   | -88       | \-        |           |
|    |           |           |           |           |           |
|    | SSS EPRE  |           |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | RS EPRE   | dBm/15kHz | \-        | -85       |           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+

Table 6.2.1.5.3.2-2: Cell configuration changes over time for OTA test
environment

+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | Parameter | Unit      | NR Cell 1 | E-UTRA    | Remarks   |
|    |           |           |           | Cell 1    |           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T0 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS   | \"Off\"   | \-        | Power     |
|    |           |           |           |           | level     |
|    | SSS EPRE  |           |           |           | "Off" is  |
|    |           |           |           |           | defined   |
|    |           |           |           |           | in TS     |
|    |           |           |           |           | 38.508-1  |
|    |           |           |           |           | \[4\]     |
|    |           |           |           |           | Table     |
|    |           |           |           |           | 6.        |
|    |           |           |           |           | 2.2.2.2-2 |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | RS EPRE   | dBm/15kHz | \-        | -85       |           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | Qrxlevmin | dBm       | \-        | \-        |           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS   | -82       | \-        |           |
|    |           |           |           |           |           |
|    | SSS EPRE  |           |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | RS EPRE   | dBm/15kHz | \-        | -85       |           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | Qrxlevmin | dBm       | -91+\     | \-        |           |
|    |           |           | De        |           |           |
|    |           |           | lta(NRf1) |           |           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+

Table 6.2.1.5.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| St        | Procedure | Message   | TP        | Verdict |    |
|           |           | Sequence  |           |         |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+=========+====+
|           |           | U -- S    | Message   |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1         | Power on  | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | the UE.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 2         | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 3         | Step 1 of | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | takes     |           |           |         |    |
|           | place on  |           |           |         |    |
|           | E-UTRAN   |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 4         | UE        | \-        | RRC:      | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *RRC      |         |    |
|           | an        |           | Connectio |         |    |
|           | *RRC      |           | nRequest* |         |    |
|           | Connectio |           |           |         |    |
|           | nRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 5-12b8    | Steps     | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | 3-10b8 of |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | take      |           |           |         |    |
|           | place on  |           |           |         |    |
|           | E-UTRAN   |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 13-18A    | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 19        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |         |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to row T1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.2.1.5   |           |           |         |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 20        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |         |    |
|           | UE send   |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1    |           |           |         |    |
|           | after     |           |           |         |    |
|           | tmin=120s |           |           |         |    |
|           | but       |           |           |         |    |
|           | before    |           |           |         |    |
|           | tmax=396s |           |           |         |    |
|           | from Step |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4?        |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 20A-20B   | Steps 3-4 | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | of Table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 2)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 21a1 to   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 21b10a1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | describe  |           |           |         |    |
|           | b         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ehaviours |           |           |         |    |
|           | which     |           |           |         |    |
|           | depend on |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | pa        |           |           |         |    |
|           | rameters; |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"lower   |           |           |         |    |
|           | case      |           |           |         |    |
|           | letter\"  |           |           |         |    |
|           | i         |           |           |         |    |
|           | dentifies |           |           |         |    |
|           | a step    |           |           |         |    |
|           | sequence  |           |           |         |    |
|           | that take |           |           |         |    |
|           | place if  |           |           |         |    |
|           | a         |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | parameter |           |           |         |    |
|           | has a     |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | articular |           |           |         |    |
|           | value.    |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 21a       | IF 5GS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
| 1-21a16a1 | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |         |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Initial   |           |           |         |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 20B, THEN |           |           |         |    |
|           | steps 5   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 21b1-21b8 | ELSE IF   | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | 5GS       |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |         |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Mobility  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 20B, THEN |           |           |         |    |
|           | steps 4   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to 11 of  |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | tracking  |           |           |         |    |
|           | area      |           |           |         |    |
|           | update    |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.9.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | without   |           |           |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |         |    |
|           | release   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 21b9a     | Steps     | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
| 1-21b10a1 | 19a1-20a1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1c |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | with      |           |           |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |         |    |
|           | release   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 22-27a1   | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Timers    |           |           |           |         |    |
| tmin and  |           |           |           |         |    |
| tmax in   |           |           |           |         |    |
| step 20   |           |           |           |         |    |
| are       |           |           |           |         |    |
| derived   |           |           |           |         |    |
| from the  |           |           |           |         |    |
| high      |           |           |           |         |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN      |           |           |           |         |    |
| search    |           |           |           |         |    |
| timer T   |           |           |           |         |    |
| defined   |           |           |           |         |    |
| by        |           |           |           |         |    |
| EF        |           |           |           |         |    |
| ~HPPLMN~. |           |           |           |         |    |
| The timer |           |           |           |         |    |
| tmax      |           |           |           |         |    |
| shall be  |           |           |           |         |    |
| set to    |           |           |           |         |    |
| 396s (6   |           |           |           |         |    |
| minutes   |           |           |           |         |    |
| \*(1+10%  |           |           |           |         |    |
| tol       |           |           |           |         |    |
| erance)). |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| The 5GS   |           |           |           |         |    |
| reg       |           |           |           |         |    |
| istration |           |           |           |         |    |
| type      |           |           |           |         |    |
| shall be  |           |           |           |         |    |
| only set  |           |           |           |         |    |
| as        |           |           |           |         |    |
| Mobility  |           |           |           |         |    |
| Reg       |           |           |           |         |    |
| istration |           |           |           |         |    |
| for R16   |           |           |           |         |    |
| onwards   |           |           |           |         |    |
| UEs       |           |           |           |         |    |
| according |           |           |           |         |    |
| to TS     |           |           |           |         |    |
| 24.501    |           |           |           |         |    |
| \[22\]    |           |           |           |         |    |
| subclause |           |           |           |         |    |
| 5.2.3.2.5 |           |           |           |         |    |
| specified |           |           |           |         |    |
| in        |           |           |           |         |    |
| Release   |           |           |           |         |    |
| 16        |           |           |           |         |    |
| onwards.  |           |           |           |         |    |
| The       |           |           |           |         |    |
| EXCEPTION |           |           |           |         |    |
| de        |           |           |           |         |    |
| scription |           |           |           |         |    |
| applies   |           |           |           |         |    |
| only to   |           |           |           |         |    |
| R15 UEs.  |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+

##### 6.2.1.5.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-45 .H6}

Table 6.2.1.5.3.3-1: REGISTRATION ACCEPT (Step 21b7 of Table
6.2.1.5.3.2-3)

  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.7.1-7.                            
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDU session status                                   0X 00 00                 
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

### 6.2.2 Inter-RAT Cell Selection

#### 6.2.2.1 Inter-RAT cell selection / From NR RRC\_IDLE to EUTRA\_Idle / Serving cell becomes non-suitable

##### 6.2.2.1.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-49 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-103 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { the serving cell becomes non-suitable and there is a suitable
E-UTRA neighbour cell }

**then** { UE selects the suitable E-UTRA neighbour cell }

}

##### (2) {#section-104 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { the serving cell becomes barred and there is a suitable
E-UTRA neighbour cell }

**then** { UE selects the suitable E-UTRA neighbour cell }

}

##### 6.2.2.1.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-49 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: 3GPP TS 38.304, clause 5.2.1, 5.2.3.1, 5.2.3.2 and TS
36.304, clause 5.2.1, 5.2.3.1, 5.2.3.2. Unless otherwise stated these
are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.1\]

UE shall perform measurements for cell selection and reselection
purposes as specified in TS 38.133 \[8\].

When evaluating Srxlev and Squal of non-serving cells for reselection
evaluation purposes, the UE shall use parameters provided by the serving
cell and for the final check on cell selection criterion, the UE shall
use parameters provided by the target cell for cell reselection.

The NAS can control the RAT(s) in which the cell selection should be
performed, for instance by indicating RAT(s) associated with the
selected PLMN, and by maintaining a list of forbidden registration
area(s) and a list of equivalent PLMNs. The UE shall select a suitable
cell based on RRC\_IDLE or RRC\_INACTIVE state measurements and cell
selection criteria.

In order to expedite the cell selection process, stored information for
several RATs, if available, may be used by the UE.

When camped on a cell, the UE shall regularly search for a better cell
according to the cell reselection criteria. If a better cell is found,
that cell is selected. The change of cell may imply a change of RAT.
Details on performance requirements for cell reselection can be found in
TS 38.133 \[8\].

The NAS is informed if the cell selection and reselection result in
changes in the received system information relevant for NAS.

For normal service, the UE shall camp on a suitable cell, monitor
control channel(s) of that cell so that the UE can:

\- receive system information from the PLMN or SNPN; and

\- receive registration area information from the PLMN or SNPN, e.g.,
tracking area information; and

\- receive other AS and NAS Information; and

\- if registered:

\- receive paging and notification messages from the PLMN or SNPN; and

\- initiate transfer to Connected mode.

For cell selection in multi-beam operations, measurement quantity of a
cell is up to UE implementation.

For cell reselection in multi-beam operations, including inter-RAT
reselection from E-UTRA to NR, the measurement quantity of this cell is
derived amongst the beams corresponding to the same cell based on
SS/PBCH block as follows:

> \- if *nrofSS-BlocksToAverage* (*maxRS-IndexCellQual* in E-UTRA) is
> not configured in *SIB2/SIB4* (*SIB24* in E-UTRA); or
>
> \- if *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* (*threshRS-Index* in E-UTRA)
> is not configured in *SIB2/SIB4* (*SIB24* in E-UTRA); or

\- if the highest beam measurement quantity value is below or equal to
*absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* (*threshRS-Index* in E-UTRA):

\- derive a cell measurement quantity as the highest beam measurement
quantity value, where each beam measurement quantity is described in TS
38.215 \[11\].

> \- else:

\- derive a cell measurement quantity as the linear average of the power
values of up to *nrofSS-BlocksToAverage* (*maxRS-IndexCellQual* in
E-UTRA) of highest beam measurement quantity values above
*absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* (*threshRS-Index* in E-UTRA).

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.3.1\]

Cell selection is performed by one of the following two procedures:

a\) Initial cell selection (no prior knowledge of which RF channels are
NR frequencies):

1\. The UE shall scan all RF channels in the NR bands according to its
capabilities to find a suitable cell.

2\. On each frequency, the UE need only search for the strongest cell,
except for operation with shared spectrum channel access where the UE
may search for the next strongest cell(s).

3\. Once a suitable cell is found, this cell shall be selected.

b\) Cell selection by leveraging stored information:

1\. This procedure requires stored information of frequencies and
optionally also information on cell parameters from previously received
measurement control information elements or from previously detected
cells.

2\. Once the UE has found a suitable cell, the UE shall select it.

3\. If no suitable cell is found, the initial cell selection procedure
in a) shall be started.

NOTE: Priorities between different frequencies or RATs provided to the
UE by system information or dedicated signalling are not used in the
cell selection process.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.3.2\]

The cell selection criterion S is fulfilled when:

  ----------------------------
  Srxlev \> 0 AND Squal \> 0
  ----------------------------

where:

+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Srxlev = Q~rxlevmeas~ -- (Q~rxlevmin~ + Q~rxlevminoffset~ )--        |
| P~compensation~ - **Qoffset~temp~**                                  |
|                                                                      |
| Squal = Q~qualmeas~ -- (Q~qualmin~ + Q~qualminoffset~) -             |
| **Qoffset~temp~**                                                    |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+

where:

+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Srxlev             | Cell selection RX level value (dB)             |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Squal              | Cell selection quality value (dB)              |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| **Qoffset~temp~**  | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as        |
|                    | specified in TS 38.331 \[3\] (dB)              |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevmeas~       | Measured cell RX level value (RSRP)            |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualmeas~        | Measured cell quality value (RSRQ)             |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevmin~        | Minimum required RX level in the cell (dBm).   |
|                    | If the UE supports SUL frequency for this      |
|                    | cell, Qrxlevmin is obtained from               |
|                    | *q-**RxLevMinSUL*****, if present,** in        |
|                    | *SIB1*, *SIB2* and *SIB4*, additionally, if    |
|                    | Q~rxlevminoffsetcellSUL~ is present in *SIB3*  |
|                    | and *SIB4* for the concerned cell, this cell   |
|                    | specific offset is added to the corresponding  |
|                    | Qrxlevmin to achieve the required minimum RX   |
|                    | level in the concerned cell;                   |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | else Qrxlevmin is obtained from                |
|                    | ***q-RxLevMin*** in *SIB1, SIB2* and *SIB4*,   |
|                    | additionally, if Q~rxlevminoffsetcell~ is      |
|                    | present in *SIB3* and *SIB4* for the concerned |
|                    | cell, this cell specific offset is added to    |
|                    | the corresponding Qrxlevmin to achieve the     |
|                    | required minimum RX level in the concerned     |
|                    | cell.                                          |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualmin~         | Minimum required quality level in the cell     |
|                    | (dB). Additionally, if Q~qualminoffsetcell~ is |
|                    | signalled for the concerned cell, this cell    |
|                    | specific offset is added to achieve the        |
|                    | required minimum quality level in the          |
|                    | concerned cell.                                |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevminoffset~  | Offset to the signalled Q~rxlevmin~ taken into |
|                    | account in the Srxlev evaluation as a result   |
|                    | of a periodic search for a higher priority     |
|                    | PLMN while camped normally in a VPLMN, as      |
|                    | specified in TS 23.122 \[9\].                  |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualminoffset~   | Offset to the signalled Q~qualmin~ taken into  |
|                    | account in the Squal evaluation as a result of |
|                    | a periodic search for a higher priority PLMN   |
|                    | while camped normally in a VPLMN, as specified |
|                    | in TS 23.122 \[9\].                            |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~compensation~    | For FR1, if the UE supports the additionalPmax |
|                    | in the NR-NS-PmaxList, if present, in *SIB1,   |
|                    | SIB2* and *SIB4:*                              |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | *max(P~EMAX1~ --P~PowerClass~, 0) --           |
|                    | (min(P~EMAX2~, P~PowerClass~) -- min(P~EMAX1~, |
|                    | P~PowerClass~)) (dB);*                         |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | *else:*                                        |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | *max(P~EMAX1~ --P~PowerClass~, 0) (dB)*        |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | For FR2, P~compensation~ is set to 0.          |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~EMAX1~, P~EMAX2~ | Maximum TX power level of a UE may use when    |
|                    | transmitting on the uplink in the cell (dBm)   |
|                    | defined as P~EMAX~ in TS 38.101 \[15\]. If UE  |
|                    | supports SUL frequency for this cell, P~EMAX1~ |
|                    | and P~EMAX2~ are obtained from the *p-Max* for |
|                    | SUL in *SIB1* and *NR-NS-PmaxList* for SUL     |
|                    | respectively in *SIB1, SIB2* and *SIB4* as     |
|                    | specified in TS 38.331 \[3\], else P~EMAX1~    |
|                    | and P~EMAX2~ are obtained from the *p-Max* and |
|                    | *NR-NS-PmaxList* respectively in *SIB1*,       |
|                    | *SIB2* and *SIB4* for normal UL as specified   |
|                    | in TS 38.331 \[3\].                            |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~PowerClass~      | Maximum RF output power of the UE (dBm)        |
|                    | according to the UE power class as defined in  |
|                    | TS 38.101-1 \[15\].                            |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+

The signalled values Q~rxlevminoffset~ and Q~qualminoffset~ are only
applied when a cell is evaluated for cell selection as a result of a
periodic search for a higher priority PLMN while camped normally in a
VPLMN (TS 23.122 \[9\]). During this periodic search for higher priority
PLMN, the UE may check the S criteria of a cell using parameter values
stored from a different cell of this higher priority PLMN.

\[TS 36.304, clause 5.2.1\]

UE shall perform measurements for cell selection and reselection
purposes as specified in TS 36.133 \[10\].

The NAS can control the RAT(s) in which the cell selection should be
performed, for instance by indicating RAT(s) associated with the
selected PLMN, and by maintaining a list of forbidden registration
area(s) and a list of equivalent PLMNs. The UE shall select a suitable
cell based on idle mode measurements and cell selection criteria.

In order to speed up the cell selection process, stored information for
several RATs may be available in the UE.

When camped on a cell, the UE shall regularly search for a better cell
according to the cell reselection criteria. If a better cell is found,
that cell is selected. The change of cell may imply a change of RAT, or
if the current and selected cell are both E-UTRA cells, a change of the
CN type. Details on performance requirements for cell reselection can be
found in TS 36.133 \[10\].

The NAS is informed if the cell selection and reselection results in
changes in the received system information relevant for NAS.

For normal service, the UE shall camp on a suitable cell, tune to that
cell\'s control channel(s) so that the UE can:

\- Receive system information from the PLMN; and

\- receive registration area information from the PLMN, e.g., tracking
area information; and

\- receive other AS and NAS Information; and

\- if registered:

\- receive paging and notification messages from the PLMN; and

\- initiate transfer to connected mode.

\[TS 36.304, clause 5.2.3.1\]

> The UE shall use one of the following two cell selection procedures:

a\) Initial Cell Selection

This procedure requires no prior knowledge of which RF channels are
E-UTRA or NB-IoT carriers. The UE shall scan all RF channels in the
E-UTRA bands according to its capabilities to find a suitable cell. On
each carrier frequency, the UE need only search for the strongest cell.
Once a suitable cell is found this cell shall be selected.

b\) Stored Information Cell Selection

This procedure requires stored information of carrier frequencies and
optionally also information on cell parameters, from previously received
measurement control information elements or from previously detected
cells. Once the UE has found a suitable cell the UE shall select it. If
no suitable cell is found the Initial Cell Selection procedure shall be
started.

NOTE 1: Priorities between different frequencies or RATs provided to the
UE by system information or dedicated signalling are not used in the
cell selection process.

NOTE 2: If BL UE, UE in enhanced coverage or NB-IoT UE has been
provisioned with EARFCN, the UE may use this information during Initial
Cell Selection and Stored Information Cell Selection to find a suitable
cell.

\[TS 36.304, clause 5.2.3.2\]

For NB-IoT the cell selection criterion is defined in clause 5.2.3.2a.

The cell selection criterion S in normal coverage is fulfilled when:

  ----------------------------
  Srxlev \> 0 AND Squal \> 0
  ----------------------------

where:

+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Srxlev = Q~rxlevmeas~ -- (Q~rxlevmin~ + Q~rxlevminoffset~) --        |
| Pcompensation - **Qoffset~temp~**                                    |
|                                                                      |
| Squal = Q~qualmeas~ -- (Q~qualmin~ + Q~qualminoffset~) -             |
| **Qoffset~temp~**                                                    |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+

where:

+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Srxlev             | Cell selection RX level value (dB)             |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Squal              | Cell selection quality value (dB)              |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| **Qoffset~temp~**  | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as        |
|                    | specified in TS 36.331 \[3\] (dB)              |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevmeas~       | Measured cell RX level value (RSRP)            |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualmeas~        | Measured cell quality value (RSRQ)             |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevmin~        | Minimum required RX level in the cell (dBm)    |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualmin~         | Minimum required quality level in the cell     |
|                    | (dB)                                           |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevminoffset~  | Offset to the signalled Q~rxlevmin~ taken into |
|                    | account in the Srxlev evaluation as a result   |
|                    | of a periodic search for a higher priority     |
|                    | PLMN while camped normally in a VPLMN TS       |
|                    | 23.122 \[5\]                                   |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualminoffset~   | Offset to the signalled Q~qualmin~ taken into  |
|                    | account in the Squal evaluation as a result of |
|                    | a periodic search for a higher priority PLMN   |
|                    | while camped normally in a VPLMN TS 23.122     |
|                    | \[5\]                                          |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Pcompensation      | If the UE supports the *additionalPmax* in the |
|                    | *NS-PmaxList*, if present, in SIB1, SIB3 and   |
|                    | SIB5:                                          |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | max(P~EMAX1~ --P~PowerClass~, 0) --            |
|                    | (min(P~EMAX2~, P~PowerClass~) -- min(P~EMAX1~, |
|                    | P~PowerClass~)) (dB);                          |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | else:                                          |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | if P~PowerClass~ is 14 dBm:                    |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | max(P~EMAX1~ --(P~PowerClass~ -- Poffset), 0)  |
|                    | (dB);                                          |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | else:                                          |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | max(P~EMAX1~ --P~PowerClass~, 0) (dB)          |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~EMAX1~, P~EMAX2~ | Maximum TX power level an UE may use when      |
|                    | transmitting on the uplink in the cell (dBm)   |
|                    | defined as P~EMAX~ in TS 36.101 \[33\].        |
|                    | P~EMAX1~ and P~EMAX2~ are obtained from the    |
|                    | *p-Max* and the *NS-PmaxList* respectively in  |
|                    | SIB1, SIB3 and SIB5 as specified in TS 36.331  |
|                    | \[3\].                                         |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~PowerClass~      | Maximum RF output power of the UE (dBm)        |
|                    | according to the UE power class as defined in  |
|                    | TS 36.101 \[33\]                               |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+

The signalled values Q~rxlevminoffset~ and Q~qualminoffset~ are only
applied when a cell is evaluated for cell selection as a result of a
periodic search for a higher priority PLMN while camped normally in a
VPLMN TS 23.122 \[5\]. During this periodic search for higher priority
PLMN the UE may check the S criteria of a cell using parameter values
stored from a different cell of this higher priority PLMN.

If cell selection criterion S in normal coverage is not fulfilled for a
cell, UE shall consider itself to be in enhanced coverage if the cell
selection criterion S for enhanced coverage is fulfilled, where:

  ------------- ----------------------------------------------------------
  Q~rxlevmin~   UE applies coverage specific value Q~rxlevmin\_CE~ (dBm)
  Q~qualmin~    UE applies coverage specific value Q~qualmin\_CE~ (dB)
  ------------- ----------------------------------------------------------

If cell selection criteria S in normal coverage is fulfilled for a cell,
UE \[may\] consider itself to be in enhanced coverage if
*SystemInformationBlockType1* cannot be acquired but UE is able to
acquire *MasterInformationBlock, SystemInformationBlockType1-BR* and
*SystemInformationBlockType2*.

If cell selection criterion S in normal coverage is not fulfilled for a
cell and UE does not consider itself in enhanced coverage based on
coverage specific values Q~rxlevmin\_CE~ and Q~qualmin\_CE~, UE shall
consider itself to be in enhanced coverage if UE supports CE Mode B and
CE mode B is not restricted by upper layers and the cell selection
criterion S for enhanced coverage is fulfilled, where:

  Q~rxlevmin~   UE applies coverage specific value Q~rxlevmin\_CE1~ (dBm)
  ------------- -----------------------------------------------------------
  Q~qualmin~    UE applies coverage specific value Q~qualmin\_CE1~ (dB)

For the UE in enhanced coverage, coverage specific values
Q~rxlevmin\_CE~ and Q~qualmin\_CE~ [(or Q~rxlevmin\_CE1~ and
Q~qualmin\_CE1~)]{.underline} are only applied for the suitability check
in enhanced coverage (i.e. not used for measurement and reselection
thresholds).

##### 6.2.2.1.3 Test description {#test-description-48 .H6}

##### 6.2.2.1.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-48 .H6}

System Simulator:

\- E-UTRA Cell 1, NR Cell 1.

\- NR Cell 1 is configured to operate in FR1 bands as defined in TS
38.508-1 \[4\] clause 6.2.3.

\- System information combination 31 as defined in TS 36.508-1 \[7\]
clause 4.4.3.1 is used in E-UTRA Cell.

\- System information combination NR-6 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR Cell.

##### UE: {#ue-44 .H6}

\- None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-47 .H6}

\- With E-UTRA Cell 1 \"Serving cell\" and NR Cell 1 \"Non-suitable
\"Off\" cell\" in accordance with TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 6.2.2.1-3,
the UE is brought to state RRC\_IDLE using generic procedure parameters
Connectivity (*E-UTRA/EPC*) and Unrestricted nr PDN (*On*) in accordance
with the procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], clause 4.5.2. 4G GUTI
and eKSI are assigned and security context established.

\- the UE is switched-off.

\- With E-UTRA Cell 1 \"Non-suitable \"Off\" cell\" and NR Cell 1
\"Serving cell\" in accordance with TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 6.2.2.1-3,
the UE is brought to state 1N-A, RRC\_IDLE Connectivity (NR), in
accordance with the procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table
4.5.2.2-2. 5G-GUTI and ngKSI are assigned and security context
established.

##### 6.2.2.1.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-48 .H6}

Table 6.2.2.1.3.2-1 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the cell at various time instants
of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause. Row marked \"T0\"
denotes the conditions in the preamble. Configurations marked \"T1\",
\"T2\" and \"T3\" are applied at the points indicated in the Main
behaviour description in Table 6.2.2.1.3.2-3.

Table 6.2.2.1.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for E-UTRA Cell 1 and NR Cell 1 in conducted test environment

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | **Par    | **Unit** | **       | NR       | **       |
|          | ameter** |          | E-UTRA** |          | Remark** |
|          |          |          |          | **Cell   |          |
|          |          |          | **Cell   | 1**      |          |
|          |          |          | 1**      |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| T0       | Cell-    | d        | Off      | \-       | The      |
|          | specific | Bm/15kHz |          |          | power    |
|          | RS EPRE  |          |          |          | level    |
|          |          |          |          |          | values   |
|          |          |          |          |          | are      |
|          |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |          |          |          | to       |
|          |          |          |          |          | ensure   |
|          |          |          |          |          | UE       |
|          |          |          |          |          | re       |
|          |          |          |          |          | gistered |
|          |          |          |          |          | on NR    |
|          |          |          |          |          | cell 1   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | \-       | -85      |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| T1       | Cell-    | d        | -85      | \-       | The      |
|          | specific | Bm/15kHz |          |          | power    |
|          | RS EPRE  |          |          |          | level    |
|          |          |          |          |          | value is |
|          |          |          |          |          | such to  |
|          |          |          |          |          | satisfy  |
|          |          |          |          |          | Srx      |
|          |          |          |          |          | lev~NR\  |
|          |          |          |          |          | cell\ 1~ |
|          |          |          |          |          | \< 0 and |
|          |          |          |          |          | ensure   |
|          |          |          |          |          | UE       |
|          |          |          |          |          | re       |
|          |          |          |          |          | gistered |
|          |          |          |          |          | on       |
|          |          |          |          |          | E-UTRA   |
|          |          |          |          |          | cell 1   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | \-       | -115     |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| T2       | Cell-    | d        | Off      | \-       | The      |
|          | specific | Bm/15kHz |          |          | power    |
|          | RS EPRE  |          |          |          | level    |
|          |          |          |          |          | values   |
|          |          |          |          |          | are      |
|          |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |          |          |          | to       |
|          |          |          |          |          | ensure   |
|          |          |          |          |          | UE       |
|          |          |          |          |          | re       |
|          |          |          |          |          | gistered |
|          |          |          |          |          | on NR    |
|          |          |          |          |          | cell 1   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | \-       | -85      |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| T3       | Cell-    | d        | -85      | \-       | The      |
|          | specific | Bm/15kHz |          |          | power    |
|          | RS EPRE  |          |          |          | level    |
|          |          |          |          |          | values   |
|          |          |          |          |          | are      |
|          |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |          |          |          | to       |
|          |          |          |          |          | ensure   |
|          |          |          |          |          | UE       |
|          |          |          |          |          | re       |
|          |          |          |          |          | gistered |
|          |          |          |          |          | on       |
|          |          |          |          |          | E-UTRA   |
|          |          |          |          |          | cell 1   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | \-       | -85      |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| > Note1: |          |          |          |          |          |
| > Power  |          |          |          |          |          |
| > level  |          |          |          |          |          |
| > "Off"  |          |          |          |          |          |
| > is     |          |          |          |          |          |
| >        |          |          |          |          |          |
|  defined |          |          |          |          |          |
| > in TS  |          |          |          |          |          |
| >        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 38.508-1 |          |          |          |          |          |
| > \[4\]  |          |          |          |          |          |
| > Table  |          |          |          |          |          |
| > 6.     |          |          |          |          |          |
| 2.2.1-3. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 6.2.2.1.3.2-2: Void

Table 6.2.2.1.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  St                                                                                  Procedure                                                                                                                                                                            Message Sequence   TP                                Verdict   
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------------ --------------------------------- --------- ----
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           U - S              Message                                     
  1                                                                                   The SS adjusts the E-UTRA and NR Cells power levels according to row \"T1\" in table 6.2.2.1.3.2-1.                                                                                  \-                 \-                                \-        \-
  2                                                                                   Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.7.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on E-UTRA Cell 1?                                        \-                 \-                                1         P
  3                                                                                   The SS adjusts the E-UTRA and NR Cells power levels according to row \"T2\" in table 6.2.2.1.3.2-1.                                                                                  \-                 \-                                \-        \-
  4                                                                                   The test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.9.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 1. (NOTE 1)                                               \-                 \-                                \-        \-
  5                                                                                   The SS changes SIB1 of NR Cell 1 according to table 6.2.2.1.3.3-3 and notifies the UE of change of System Information on NR Cell 1 by sending Short Message on PDCCH using P-RNTI.   \<\--              PDCCH (DCI 1\_0): Short Message   \-        \-
  6                                                                                   Wait for 2.1\* modification period to allow the new system information to take effect.                                                                                               \-                 *-*                               \-        \-
  7                                                                                   The SS adjusts the NR and E-UTRAN Cell power levels according to row \"T3\" in table 6.2.2.1.3.2-1.                                                                                  \-                 \-                                \-        \-
  8                                                                                   Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.7.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on E-UTRA Cell 1?                                        \-                 \-                                2         P
  Note 1: This is the first time in this test case that the UE moves from S1 to N1.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       

##### 6.2.2.1.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-46 .H6}

Table 6.2.2.1.3.3-1: *SIB5* of NR Cell 1(preamble and all steps, Table
6.2.2.1.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-4                                                                                         
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                Value/remark                                 Comment   Condition
  SIB5 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                       
  carrierFreqListEUTRA SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxEUTRA-Carrier)) OF CarrierFreqEUTRA {   1 entry                                                
  CarrierFreqEUTRA\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                entry 1   
  carrierFreq                                                                        Downlink EUTRA ARFCN as E-UTRA Cell 1 used             
  }                                                                                                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                         

Table 6.2.2.1.3.3-2: *SystemInformationBlockType24* of EUTRA Cell 1
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.2.2.1.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.3-20                                                                                        
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- ------------- ---------------
  **Information Element**                                                     **Value/Remark**                                **Comment**   **Condition**
  SystemInformationBlockType24-r15 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                           
  carrierFreqListNR-r15 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF CarrierFreqNR-r15 {   1 entry                                                       
  CarrierFreqNR-r15\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                           entry 1       
  carrierFreq-r15                                                             Same downlink SSB ARFCN as used for NR Cell 1                 
  }                                                                                                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                         

Table 6.2.2.1.3.3-3: *SIB1* for NR Cell 1 (step 5, Table 6.2.2.1.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                                                                 
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- -------------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment                                                        Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                
  cellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                                                   
  cellReservedForOtherUse                              true           The UE shall treat this cell as if cell status is \"barred\"   
  }                                                                                                                                  
  }                                                                                                                                  

Table 6.2.2.1.3.3-4: REGISTRATION REQUEST (step 4, Table 6.2.2.1.3.2-3)

  -------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- --------------------------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.9.9.2.3-1.                                                                      
  Information Element                                      Value/remark                           Comment                     Condition
  EPS NAS message container                                TRACKING AREA UPDATE REQUEST message   *See* Table 6.2.2.1.3.3-5   
  -------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- --------------------------- -----------

Table 6.2.2.1.3.3-5: *TRACKING AREA UPDATE REQUEST (*Table
6.2.2.1.3.3-4*)*

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.9.9.2.3-2 with condition Mapped EPS security context.
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

#### 6.2.2.2 Inter-RAT cell selection / From E-UTRA\_Idle to NR RRC\_IDLE / Serving cell becomes non-suitable

##### 6.2.2.2.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-50 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-105 .H6}

**with** { UE in E-UTRA RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { the serving cell becomes non-suitable and there is a suitable
NR neighbour cell }

**then** { UE selects the suitable NR neighbour cell }

}

##### (2) {#section-106 .H6}

**with** { UE in E-UTRA RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { the serving cell becomes barred and there is a suitable NR
neighbour cell }

**then** { UE selects the suitable NR neighbour cell }

}

##### 6.2.2.2.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-50 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: 3GPP TS 38.304, clause 5.2.1, 5.2.3.1, 5.2.3.2 and TS
36.304, clause 5.2.1, 5.2.3.1, 5.2.3.2. Unless otherwise stated these
are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.1\]

UE shall perform measurements for cell selection and reselection
purposes as specified in TS 38.133 \[8\].

When evaluating Srxlev and Squal of non-serving cells for reselection
evaluation purposes, the UE shall use parameters provided by the serving
cell and for the final check on cell selection criterion, the UE shall
use parameters provided by the target cell for cell reselection.

The NAS can control the RAT(s) in which the cell selection should be
performed, for instance by indicating RAT(s) associated with the
selected PLMN, and by maintaining a list of forbidden registration
area(s) and a list of equivalent PLMNs. The UE shall select a suitable
cell based on RRC\_IDLE or RRC\_INACTIVE state measurements and cell
selection criteria.

In order to expedite the cell selection process, stored information for
several RATs, if available, may be used by the UE.

When camped on a cell, the UE shall regularly search for a better cell
according to the cell reselection criteria. If a better cell is found,
that cell is selected. The change of cell may imply a change of RAT.
Details on performance requirements for cell reselection can be found in
TS 38.133 \[8\].

The NAS is informed if the cell selection and reselection result in
changes in the received system information relevant for NAS.

For normal service, the UE shall camp on a suitable cell, monitor
control channel(s) of that cell so that the UE can:

\- receive system information from the PLMN or SNPN; and

\- receive registration area information from the PLMN or SNPN, e.g.,
tracking area information; and

\- receive other AS and NAS Information; and

\- if registered:

\- receive paging and notification messages from the PLMN or SNPN; and

\- initiate transfer to Connected mode.

For cell selection in multi-beam operations, measurement quantity of a
cell is up to UE implementation.

For cell reselection in multi-beam operations, including inter-RAT
reselection from E-UTRA to NR, the measurement quantity of this cell is
derived amongst the beams corresponding to the same cell based on
SS/PBCH block as follows:

> \- if *nrofSS-BlocksToAverage* (*maxRS-IndexCellQual* in E-UTRA) is
> not configured in *SIB2/SIB4* (*SIB24* in E-UTRA); or
>
> \- if *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* (*threshRS-Index* in E-UTRA)
> is not configured in *SIB2/SIB4* (*SIB24* in E-UTRA); or

\- if the highest beam measurement quantity value is below or equal to
*absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* (*threshRS-Index* in E-UTRA):

\- derive a cell measurement quantity as the highest beam measurement
quantity value, where each beam measurement quantity is described in TS
38.215 \[11\].

> \- else:

\- derive a cell measurement quantity as the linear average of the power
values of up to *nrofSS-BlocksToAverage* (*maxRS-IndexCellQual* in
E-UTRA) of highest beam measurement quantity values above
*absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* (*threshRS-Index* in E-UTRA).

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.3.1\]

Cell selection is performed by one of the following two procedures:

a\) Initial cell selection (no prior knowledge of which RF channels are
NR frequencies):

1\. The UE shall scan all RF channels in the NR bands according to its
capabilities to find a suitable cell.

2\. On each frequency, the UE need only search for the strongest cell,
except for operation with shared spectrum channel access where the UE
may search for the next strongest cell(s).

3\. Once a suitable cell is found, this cell shall be selected.

b\) Cell selection by leveraging stored information:

1\. This procedure requires stored information of frequencies and
optionally also information on cell parameters from previously received
measurement control information elements or from previously detected
cells.

2\. Once the UE has found a suitable cell, the UE shall select it.

3\. If no suitable cell is found, the initial cell selection procedure
in a) shall be started.

NOTE: Priorities between different frequencies or RATs provided to the
UE by system information or dedicated signalling are not used in the
cell selection process.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.3.2\]

The cell selection criterion S is fulfilled when:

Srxlev \> 0 AND Squal \> 0

where:

Srxlev = Q~rxlevmeas~ -- (Q~rxlevmin~ + Q~rxlevminoffset~ )--
P~compensation~ - **Qoffset~temp~**

Squal = Q~qualmeas~ -- (Q~qualmin~ + Q~qualminoffset~) -
**Qoffset~temp~**

where:

+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Srxlev             | Cell selection RX level value (dB)             |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Squal              | Cell selection quality value (dB)              |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| **Qoffset~temp~**  | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as        |
|                    | specified in TS 38.331 \[3\] (dB)              |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevmeas~       | Measured cell RX level value (RSRP)            |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualmeas~        | Measured cell quality value (RSRQ)             |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevmin~        | Minimum required RX level in the cell (dBm).   |
|                    | If the UE supports SUL frequency for this      |
|                    | cell, Qrxlevmin is obtained from               |
|                    | *q-**RxLevMinSUL*****, if present,** in        |
|                    | *SIB1*, *SIB2* and *SIB4*, additionally, if    |
|                    | Q~rxlevminoffsetcellSUL~ is present in *SIB3*  |
|                    | and *SIB4* for the concerned cell, this cell   |
|                    | specific offset is added to the corresponding  |
|                    | Qrxlevmin to achieve the required minimum RX   |
|                    | level in the concerned cell;                   |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | else Qrxlevmin is obtained from                |
|                    | ***q-RxLevMin*** in *SIB1, SIB2* and *SIB4*,   |
|                    | additionally, if Q~rxlevminoffsetcell~ is      |
|                    | present in *SIB3* and *SIB4* for the concerned |
|                    | cell, this cell specific offset is added to    |
|                    | the corresponding Qrxlevmin to achieve the     |
|                    | required minimum RX level in the concerned     |
|                    | cell.                                          |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualmin~         | Minimum required quality level in the cell     |
|                    | (dB). Additionally, if Q~qualminoffsetcell~ is |
|                    | signalled for the concerned cell, this cell    |
|                    | specific offset is added to achieve the        |
|                    | required minimum quality level in the          |
|                    | concerned cell.                                |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevminoffset~  | Offset to the signalled Q~rxlevmin~ taken into |
|                    | account in the Srxlev evaluation as a result   |
|                    | of a periodic search for a higher priority     |
|                    | PLMN while camped normally in a VPLMN, as      |
|                    | specified in TS 23.122 \[9\].                  |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualminoffset~   | Offset to the signalled Q~qualmin~ taken into  |
|                    | account in the Squal evaluation as a result of |
|                    | a periodic search for a higher priority PLMN   |
|                    | while camped normally in a VPLMN, as specified |
|                    | in TS 23.122 \[9\].                            |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~compensation~    | For FR1, if the UE supports the additionalPmax |
|                    | in the NR-NS-PmaxList, if present, in *SIB1,   |
|                    | SIB2* and *SIB4:*                              |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | *max(P~EMAX1~ --P~PowerClass~, 0) --           |
|                    | (min(P~EMAX2~, P~PowerClass~) -- min(P~EMAX1~, |
|                    | P~PowerClass~)) (dB);*                         |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | *else:*                                        |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | *max(P~EMAX1~ --P~PowerClass~, 0) (dB)*        |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | For FR2, P~compensation~ is set to 0.          |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~EMAX1~, P~EMAX2~ | Maximum TX power level of a UE may use when    |
|                    | transmitting on the uplink in the cell (dBm)   |
|                    | defined as P~EMAX~ in TS 38.101 \[15\]. If UE  |
|                    | supports SUL frequency for this cell, P~EMAX1~ |
|                    | and P~EMAX2~ are obtained from the *p-Max* for |
|                    | SUL in *SIB1* and *NR-NS-PmaxList* for SUL     |
|                    | respectively in *SIB1, SIB2* and *SIB4* as     |
|                    | specified in TS 38.331 \[3\], else P~EMAX1~    |
|                    | and P~EMAX2~ are obtained from the *p-Max* and |
|                    | *NR-NS-PmaxList* respectively in *SIB1*,       |
|                    | *SIB2* and *SIB4* for normal UL as specified   |
|                    | in TS 38.331 \[3\].                            |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~PowerClass~      | Maximum RF output power of the UE (dBm)        |
|                    | according to the UE power class as defined in  |
|                    | TS 38.101-1 \[15\].                            |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+

The signalled values Q~rxlevminoffset~ and Q~qualminoffset~ are only
applied when a cell is evaluated for cell selection as a result of a
periodic search for a higher priority PLMN while camped normally in a
VPLMN (TS 23.122 \[9\]). During this periodic search for higher priority
PLMN, the UE may check the S criteria of a cell using parameter values
stored from a different cell of this higher priority PLMN.

\[TS 36.304, clause 5.2.1\]

UE shall perform measurements for cell selection and reselection
purposes as specified in TS 36.133 \[10\].

The NAS can control the RAT(s) in which the cell selection should be
performed, for instance by indicating RAT(s) associated with the
selected PLMN, and by maintaining a list of forbidden registration
area(s) and a list of equivalent PLMNs. The UE shall select a suitable
cell based on idle mode measurements and cell selection criteria.

In order to speed up the cell selection process, stored information for
several RATs may be available in the UE.

When camped on a cell, the UE shall regularly search for a better cell
according to the cell reselection criteria. If a better cell is found,
that cell is selected. The change of cell may imply a change of RAT, or
if the current and selected cell are both E-UTRA cells, a change of the
CN type. Details on performance requirements for cell reselection can be
found in TS 36.133 \[10\].

The NAS is informed if the cell selection and reselection results in
changes in the received system information relevant for NAS.

For normal service, the UE shall camp on a suitable cell, tune to that
cell\'s control channel(s) so that the UE can:

\- Receive system information from the PLMN; and

\- receive registration area information from the PLMN, e.g., tracking
area information; and

\- receive other AS and NAS Information; and

\- if registered:

\- receive paging and notification messages from the PLMN; and

\- initiate transfer to connected mode.

\[TS 36.304, clause 5.2.3.1\]

> The UE shall use one of the following two cell selection procedures:

a\) Initial Cell Selection

This procedure requires no prior knowledge of which RF channels are
E-UTRA or NB-IoT carriers. The UE shall scan all RF channels in the
E-UTRA bands according to its capabilities to find a suitable cell. On
each carrier frequency, the UE need only search for the strongest cell.
Once a suitable cell is found this cell shall be selected.

b\) Stored Information Cell Selection

This procedure requires stored information of carrier frequencies and
optionally also information on cell parameters, from previously received
measurement control information elements or from previously detected
cells. Once the UE has found a suitable cell the UE shall select it. If
no suitable cell is found the Initial Cell Selection procedure shall be
started.

NOTE 1: Priorities between different frequencies or RATs provided to the
UE by system information or dedicated signalling are not used in the
cell selection process.

NOTE 2: If BL UE, UE in enhanced coverage or NB-IoT UE has been
provisioned with EARFCN, the UE may use this information during Initial
Cell Selection and Stored Information Cell Selection to find a suitable
cell.

\[TS 36.304, clause 5.2.3.2\]

For NB-IoT the cell selection criterion is defined in clause 5.2.3.2a.

The cell selection criterion S in normal coverage is fulfilled when:

Srxlev \> 0 AND Squal \> 0

where:

Srxlev = Q~rxlevmeas~ -- (Q~rxlevmin~ + Q~rxlevminoffset~) --
Pcompensation - **Qoffset~temp~**

Squal = Q~qualmeas~ -- (Q~qualmin~ + Q~qualminoffset~) -
**Qoffset~temp~**

where:

+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Srxlev             | Cell selection RX level value (dB)             |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Squal              | Cell selection quality value (dB)              |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| **Qoffset~temp~**  | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as        |
|                    | specified in TS 36.331 \[3\] (dB)              |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevmeas~       | Measured cell RX level value (RSRP)            |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualmeas~        | Measured cell quality value (RSRQ)             |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevmin~        | Minimum required RX level in the cell (dBm)    |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualmin~         | Minimum required quality level in the cell     |
|                    | (dB)                                           |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevminoffset~  | Offset to the signalled Q~rxlevmin~ taken into |
|                    | account in the Srxlev evaluation as a result   |
|                    | of a periodic search for a higher priority     |
|                    | PLMN while camped normally in a VPLMN TS       |
|                    | 23.122 \[5\]                                   |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualminoffset~   | Offset to the signalled Q~qualmin~ taken into  |
|                    | account in the Squal evaluation as a result of |
|                    | a periodic search for a higher priority PLMN   |
|                    | while camped normally in a VPLMN TS 23.122     |
|                    | \[5\]                                          |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Pcompensation      | If the UE supports the *additionalPmax* in the |
|                    | *NS-PmaxList*, if present, in SIB1, SIB3 and   |
|                    | SIB5:                                          |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | max(P~EMAX1~ --P~PowerClass~, 0) --            |
|                    | (min(P~EMAX2~, P~PowerClass~) -- min(P~EMAX1~, |
|                    | P~PowerClass~)) (dB);                          |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | else:                                          |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | if P~PowerClass~ is 14 dBm:                    |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | max(P~EMAX1~ --(P~PowerClass~ -- Poffset), 0)  |
|                    | (dB);                                          |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | else:                                          |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | max(P~EMAX1~ --P~PowerClass~, 0) (dB)          |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~EMAX1~, P~EMAX2~ | Maximum TX power level an UE may use when      |
|                    | transmitting on the uplink in the cell (dBm)   |
|                    | defined as P~EMAX~ in TS 36.101 \[33\].        |
|                    | P~EMAX1~ and P~EMAX2~ are obtained from the    |
|                    | *p-Max* and the *NS-PmaxList* respectively in  |
|                    | SIB1, SIB3 and SIB5 as specified in TS 36.331  |
|                    | \[3\].                                         |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~PowerClass~      | Maximum RF output power of the UE (dBm)        |
|                    | according to the UE power class as defined in  |
|                    | TS 36.101 \[33\]                               |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+

The signalled values Q~rxlevminoffset~ and Q~qualminoffset~ are only
applied when a cell is evaluated for cell selection as a result of a
periodic search for a higher priority PLMN while camped normally in a
VPLMN TS 23.122 \[5\]. During this periodic search for higher priority
PLMN the UE may check the S criteria of a cell using parameter values
stored from a different cell of this higher priority PLMN.

If cell selection criterion S in normal coverage is not fulfilled for a
cell, UE shall consider itself to be in enhanced coverage if the cell
selection criterion S for enhanced coverage is fulfilled, where:

  ------------- ----------------------------------------------------------
  Q~rxlevmin~   UE applies coverage specific value Q~rxlevmin\_CE~ (dBm)
  Q~qualmin~    UE applies coverage specific value Q~qualmin\_CE~ (dB)
  ------------- ----------------------------------------------------------

If cell selection criteria S in normal coverage is fulfilled for a cell,
UE \[may\] consider itself to be in enhanced coverage if
*SystemInformationBlockType1* cannot be acquired but UE is able to
acquire *MasterInformationBlock, SystemInformationBlockType1-BR* and
*SystemInformationBlockType2*.

If cell selection criterion S in normal coverage is not fulfilled for a
cell and UE does not consider itself in enhanced coverage based on
coverage specific values Q~rxlevmin\_CE~ and Q~qualmin\_CE~, UE shall
consider itself to be in enhanced coverage if UE supports CE Mode B and
CE mode B is not restricted by upper layers and the cell selection
criterion S for enhanced coverage is fulfilled, where:

  Q~rxlevmin~   UE applies coverage specific value Q~rxlevmin\_CE1~ (dBm)
  ------------- -----------------------------------------------------------
  Q~qualmin~    UE applies coverage specific value Q~qualmin\_CE1~ (dB)

For the UE in enhanced coverage, coverage specific values
Q~rxlevmin\_CE~ and Q~qualmin\_CE~ [(or Q~rxlevmin\_CE1~ and
Q~qualmin\_CE1~)]{.underline} are only applied for the suitability check
in enhanced coverage (i.e. not used for measurement and reselection
thresholds).

##### 6.2.2.2.3 Test description {#test-description-49 .H6}

##### 6.2.2.2.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-49 .H6}

System Simulator:

\- E-UTRA Cell 1, NR Cell 1.

\- NR Cell 1 is configured to operate in FR1 bands as defined in TS
38.508-1 \[4\] clause 6.2.3.

\- System information combination 31 as defined in TS 36.508-1 \[7\]
clause 4.4.3.1 is used in E-UTRA Cell.

\- System information combination NR-6 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR Cell.

##### UE: {#ue-45 .H6}

\- None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-48 .H6}

\- With E-UTRA Cell 1 \"Non-suitable \"Off\" cell\" and NR Cell 1
\"Serving cell\" in accordance with TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 6.2.2.2-3,
the UE is brought to state 1N-A, RRC\_IDLE Connectivity (NR), in
accordance with the procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table
4.5.2.2-2. 5G-GUTI and ngKSI are assigned and security context
established.

\- The UE is switched-off

\- With E-UTRA Cell 1 \"Serving cell\" and NR Cell 1 \"Non-suitable
\"Off\" cell\" in accordance with TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 6.2.2.2-3,
the UE is brought to state RRC\_IDLE using generic procedure parameters
Connectivity (*E*-UTRA/EPC) and Unrestricted nr PDN (*On*) in accordance
with the procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], clause 4.5.2. 4G GUTI
and eKSI are assigned and security context established.

##### 6.2.2.2.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-49 .H6}

Table 6.2.2.2.3.2-1 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the cell at various time instants
of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause. Row marked \"T0\"
denotes the conditions in the preamble. Configurations marked \"T1\",
\"T2\" and \"T3\" are applied at the points indicated in the Main
behaviour description in Table 6.2.2.2.3.2-3.

Table 6.2.2.2.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for E-UTRA Cell 1 and NR Cell 1 in conducted test environment

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | **Par    | **Unit** | **       | NR       | **       |
|          | ameter** |          | E-UTRA** |          | Remark** |
|          |          |          |          | **Cell   |          |
|          |          |          | **Cell   | 1**      |          |
|          |          |          | 1**      |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| T0       | Cell-    | d        | -85      | \-       | The      |
|          | specific | Bm/15kHz |          |          | power    |
|          | RS EPRE  |          |          |          | level    |
|          |          |          |          |          | values   |
|          |          |          |          |          | are      |
|          |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |          |          |          | to       |
|          |          |          |          |          | ensure   |
|          |          |          |          |          | UE       |
|          |          |          |          |          | re       |
|          |          |          |          |          | gistered |
|          |          |          |          |          | on       |
|          |          |          |          |          | E-UTRA   |
|          |          |          |          |          | cell 1   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | \-       | Off      |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| T1       | Cell-    | d        | -115     | \-       | The      |
|          | specific | Bm/15kHz |          |          | power    |
|          | RS EPRE  |          |          |          | level    |
|          |          |          |          |          | value is |
|          |          |          |          |          | such to  |
|          |          |          |          |          | satisfy  |
|          |          |          |          |          | Srxlev~  |
|          |          |          |          |          | E-UTRA\  |
|          |          |          |          |          | cell\ 1~ |
|          |          |          |          |          | \< 0 and |
|          |          |          |          |          | ensure   |
|          |          |          |          |          | UE       |
|          |          |          |          |          | re       |
|          |          |          |          |          | gistered |
|          |          |          |          |          | on NR    |
|          |          |          |          |          | cell 1   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | \-       | -85      |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| T2       | Cell-    | d        | -85      | \-       | The      |
|          | specific | Bm/15kHz |          |          | power    |
|          | RS EPRE  |          |          |          | level    |
|          |          |          |          |          | values   |
|          |          |          |          |          | are      |
|          |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |          |          |          | to       |
|          |          |          |          |          | ensure   |
|          |          |          |          |          | UE       |
|          |          |          |          |          | re       |
|          |          |          |          |          | gistered |
|          |          |          |          |          | on       |
|          |          |          |          |          | E-UTRA   |
|          |          |          |          |          | cell 1   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | \-       | Off      |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| T3       | Cell-    | d        | -85      | \-       | The      |
|          | specific | Bm/15kHz |          |          | power    |
|          | RS EPRE  |          |          |          | level    |
|          |          |          |          |          | values   |
|          |          |          |          |          | are      |
|          |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |          |          |          | to       |
|          |          |          |          |          | ensure   |
|          |          |          |          |          | UE       |
|          |          |          |          |          | re       |
|          |          |          |          |          | gistered |
|          |          |          |          |          | on NR    |
|          |          |          |          |          | cell 1   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | \-       | -85      |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| > Note1: |          |          |          |          |          |
| > Power  |          |          |          |          |          |
| > level  |          |          |          |          |          |
| > "Off"  |          |          |          |          |          |
| > is     |          |          |          |          |          |
| >        |          |          |          |          |          |
|  defined |          |          |          |          |          |
| > in TS  |          |          |          |          |          |
| >        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 38.508-1 |          |          |          |          |          |
| > \[4\]  |          |          |          |          |          |
| > Table  |          |          |          |          |          |
| > 6.     |          |          |          |          |          |
| 2.2.1-3. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 6.2.2.2.3.2-2: Void

Table 6.2.2.2.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  St                                                                                  Procedure                                                                                                                                                              Message Sequence   TP         Verdict   
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ---------- --------- ----
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             U - S              Message              
  1                                                                                   The SS adjusts the E-UTRA and NR Cells power levels according to row \"T1\" in table 6.2.2.2.3.2-1.                                                                    \-                 \-         \-        \-
  2                                                                                   Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.9.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 1?. (NOTE 1)                    \-                 \-         1         P
  3                                                                                   The SS adjusts the E-UTRA and NR Cells power levels according to row \"T2\" in table 6.2.2.2.3.2-1.                                                                    \-                 \-         \-        \-
  4                                                                                   The test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.7.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on E-UTRA Cell 1.                                      \-                 \-         \-        \-
  5                                                                                   The SS changes *SystemInformationBlockType1* of E-UTRA Cell 1 according to table 6.2.2.2.3.3-3 and notifies the UE of change of System Information on E-UTRA Cell 1.   \<\--              *Paging*   \-        \-
  6                                                                                   The SS adjusts the E-UTRA and NR Cells power levels according to row \"T3\" in table 6.2.2.2.3.2-1.                                                                    \-                 \-         \-        \-
  7                                                                                   Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.9.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 1?                              \-                 \-         2         P
  Note 1: This is the first time in this test case that the UE moves from S1 to N1.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

##### 6.2.2.2.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-47 .H6}

Table 6.2.2.2.3.3-1: *SIB5* of NR Cell 1(preamble and all steps, Table
6.2.2.2.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-4                                                                                         
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                Value/remark                                 Comment   Condition
  SIB5 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                       
  carrierFreqListEUTRA SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxEUTRA-Carrier)) OF CarrierFreqEUTRA {                                                          
  CarrierFreqEUTRA\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                entry 1   
  carrierFreq                                                                        Downlink EUTRA ARFCN as E-UTRA Cell 1 used             
  }                                                                                                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                         

Table 6.2.2.2.3.3-2: *SystemInformationBlockType24* of EUTRA Cell 1
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.2.2.2.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.3-20                                                                                        
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- ------------- ---------------
  **Information Element**                                                     **Value/Remark**                                **Comment**   **Condition**
  SystemInformationBlockType24-r15 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                           
  carrierFreqListNR-r15 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF CarrierFreqNR-r15 {   1 entry                                                       
  CarrierFreqNR-r15\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                           entry 1       
  carrierFreq-r15                                                             Same downlink SSB ARFCN as used for NR Cell 1                 
  }                                                                                                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                         

Table 6.2.2.2.3.3-3: *SystemInformationBlockType1* for E-UTRA Cell 1
(step 5, Table 6.2.2.2.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 36.508-1 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.2-3                            
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                     
  cellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                               
  cellBarred                                            barred                   
  }                                                                              
  }                                                                              

Table 6.2.2.2.3.3-4: REGISTRATION REQUEST (step 4, Table 6.2.2.2.3.2-3)

  -------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- --------------------------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.9.9.2.3-1.                                                                      
  Information Element                                      Value/remark                           Comment                     Condition
  EPS NAS message container                                TRACKING AREA UPDATE REQUEST message   *See* Table 6.2.2.2.3.3-5   
  -------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- --------------------------- -----------

Table 6.2.2.2.3.3-5: *TRACKING AREA UPDATE REQUEST (*Table
6.2.2.2.3.3-4*)*

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.9.9.2.3-2 with condition Mapped EPS security context.
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### 6.2.3 Inter-RAT Cell Reselection

#### 6.2.3.1 Inter-RAT cell reselection / From E-UTRA\_IDLE to NR RRC\_IDLE (lower priority & higher priority, Srxlev based)

##### 6.2.3.1.1 Test Purpose (TP)\` {#test-purpose-tp-51 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-107 .H6}

**with** { UE in E-UTRA RRC\_Idle state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell re-selection criteria are met for the
cell which belongs to the lower priority inter-RAT NR cell }

**then** { UE reselects the cell which belongs to the lower priority
inter-RAT NR cell }

}

##### (2) {#section-108 .H6}

**with** { UE in E-UTRA RRC\_Idle state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell re-selection criteria are met for the
cell which belongs to the higher priority inter-RAT NR cell }

**then** { UE reselects the cell which belongs to the higher priority
inter-RAT NR cell }

}

##### 6.2.3.1.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-51 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: 3GPP TS 36.304, clause 5.2.4.1, 5.2.4.2 and 5.2.4.5.
Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 36.304, clause 5.2.4.1\]

Absolute priorities of different E-UTRAN frequencies or inter-RAT
frequencies may be provided to the UE in the system information, in the
*RRCConnectionRelease* message, or by inheriting from another RAT at
inter-RAT cell (re)selection. In the case of system information, an
E-UTRAN frequency or inter-RAT frequency may be listed without providing
a priority (i.e. the field *cellReselectionPriority* is absent for that
frequency). If priorities are provided in dedicated signalling, the UE
shall ignore all the priorities provided in system information. If UE is
in *camped on any cell* state, UE shall only apply the priorities
provided by system information from current cell, and the UE preserves
priorities provided by dedicated signalling and *deprioritisationReq*
received in *RRCConnectionReject* unless specified otherwise. When the
UE in *camped normally* state, has only dedicated priorities other than
for the current frequency, the UE shall consider the current frequency
to be the lowest priority frequency (i.e. lower than any of the network
configured values). While the UE is camped on a suitable CSG cell in
normal coverage, the UE shall always consider the current frequency to
be the highest priority frequency (i.e. higher than any of the network
configured values), irrespective of any other priority value allocated
to this frequency. When the HSDN capable UE is in High-mobility state,
the UE shall always consider the HSDN cells to be the highest priority
(i.e. higher than any other network configured priorities). When the
HSDN capable UE is not in High-mobility state, the UE shall always
consider HSDN cells to be the lowest priority (i.e. lower than network
configured priorities). If the UE capable of sidelink communication is
configured to perform sidelink communication and can only perform the
sidelink communication while camping on a frequency, the UE may consider
that frequency to be the highest priority. If the UE capable of V2X
sidelink communication is configured to perform V2X sidelink
communication and can only perform the V2X sidelink communication while
camping on a frequency, the UE may consider that frequency to be the
highest priority. If the UE capable of V2X sidelink communication is
configured to perform V2X sidelink communication and can only use
pre-configuration while not camping on a frequency, the UE may consider
the frequency providing inter-carrier V2X sidelink configuration to be
the highest priority. If the UE capable of sidelink discovery is
configured to perform Public Safety related sidelink discovery and can
only perform the Public Safety related sidelink discovery while camping
on a frequency, the UE may consider that frequency to be the highest
priority.

NOTE 1: The prioritization among the frequencies which UE considers to
be the highest priority frequency is left to UE implementation.

If the UE is capable either of MBMS Service Continuity or of SC-PTM
reception and is receiving or interested to receive an MBMS service and
can only receive this MBMS service while camping on a frequency on which
it is provided, the UE may consider that frequency to be the highest
priority during the MBMS session TS 36.300 \[2\] as long as the two
following conditions are fulfilled:

1\) Either:

\- the UE is capable of MBMS service continuity and the reselected cell
is broadcasting SIB13; or

\- the UE is capable of SC-PTM reception and the reselected cell is
broadcasting SIB20;

2\) Either:

\- SIB15 of the serving cell indicates for that frequency one or more
MBMS SAIs included and associated with that frequency in the MBMS User
Service Description (USD) TS 26.346 \[22\] of this service; or

\- SIB15 is not broadcast in the serving cell and that frequency is
included in the USD of this service.

If the UE is capable either of MBMS Service Continuity or of SC-PTM
reception and is receiving or interested to receive an MBMS service
provided on a downlink only MBMS frequency, on a frequency used by
dedicated MBMS cells, on a frequency used by FeMBMS/Unicast-mixed cells
as defined in TS 36.300 \[2\], or on a frequency belonging to PLMN
different from its registered PLMN, the UE may consider cell reselection
candidate frequencies at which it can not receive the MBMS service to be
of the lowest priority during the MBMS session TS 36.300 \[2\], as long
as the above mentioned condition 1) is fulfilled for the cell on the
MBMS frequency which the UE monitors or this cell broadcasts SIB1-MBMS
and as long as the above mentioned condition 2) is fulfilled for the
serving cell.

NOTE 2: Example scenarios in which the previous down-prioritisation may
be needed concerns the cases where camping is not possible, while the UE
can only receive this MBMS frequency when camping on a subset of cell
reselection candidate frequencies, e.g. the MBMS frequency is a downlink
only carrier, the MBMS frequency is used by dedicated MBMS cells, the
MBMS frequency is used by FeMBMS/Unicast-mixed cells TS 36.300 \[2\], or
the MBMS frequency belongs to a PLMN different from UE\'s registered
PLMN.

If the UE is not capable of MBMS Service Continuity but has knowledge on
which frequency an MBMS service of interest is provided, it may consider
that frequency to be the highest priority during the MBMS session TS
36.300 \[2\] as long as the reselected cell is broadcasting SIB13.

If the UE is not capable of MBMS Service Continuity but has knowledge on
which downlink only frequency, on which frequency used by dedicated MBMS
cells, on which frequency used by FeMBMS/Unicast-mixed cells as defined
in TS 36.300 \[2\] or on which frequency belonging to PLMN different
from its registered PLMN an MBMS service of interest is provided, it may
consider cell reselection candidate frequencies at which it can not
receive the MBMS service to be of the lowest priority during the MBMS
session TS 36.300 \[2\] as long as the cell on the MBMS frequency which
the UE monitors is broadcasting SIB13 or SIB1-MBMS.

NOTE 3: The UE considers that the MBMS session is ongoing using the
session start and end times as provided by upper layers in the USD i.e.
the UE does not verify if the session is indicated on MCCH.

In case UE receives *RRCConnectionReject* with *deprioritisationReq*, UE
shall consider current carrier frequency and stored frequencies due to
the previously received *RRCConnectionReject* with *deprioritisationReq*
or all the frequencies of EUTRA to be the lowest priority frequency
(i.e. lower than any of the network configured values) while T325 is
running irrespective of camped RAT. The UE shall delete the stored
deprioritisation request(s) when a PLMN selection is performed on
request by NAS TS 23.122 \[5\].

NOTE 4: Connecting to CDMA2000 does not imply PLMN selection.

NOTE 5: UE should search for a higher priority layer for cell
reselection as soon as possible after the change of priority. The
minimum related performance requirements specified in TS 36.133 \[10\]
are still applicable.

The UE shall delete priorities provided by dedicated signalling when:

\- the UE enters a different RRC state; or

\- the optional validity time of dedicated priorities (T320) expires; or

\- a PLMN selection is performed on request by NAS TS 23.122 \[5\].

NOTE 6: Equal priorities between RATs are not supported.

The UE shall only perform cell reselection evaluation for E-UTRAN
frequencies and inter-RAT frequencies that are given in system
information and for which the UE has a priority provided.

The UE shall not consider any exclude-listed cells as candidate for cell
reselection.

The UE shall inherit the priorities provided by dedicated signalling and
the remaining validity time (i.e., T320 in E-UTRA and NR, T322 in UTRA
and T3230 in GERAN), if configured, at inter-RAT cell (re)selection.

NOTE 7: The network may assign dedicated cell reselection priorities for
frequencies not configured by system information.

While T360 is running, redistribution target is considered to be the
highest priority (i.e. higher than any of the network configured
values). UE shall continue to consider the serving frequency as the
highest priority until completion of E-UTRAN Inter-frequency
Redistribution procedure specified in 5.2.4.10 if triggered on T360
expiry/ stop.

\[TS 36.304, clause 5.2.4.2\]

For NB-IoT measurement rules for cell re-selection is defined in
sub-clause 5.2.4.2.a.

When evaluating Srxlev and Squal of non-serving cells for reselection
purposes, the UE shall use parameters provided by the serving cell.

Following rules are used by the UE to limit needed measurements:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~IntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~IntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform intra-frequency
measurements.

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform intra-frequency measurements.

\- The UE shall apply the following rules for E-UTRAN inter-frequencies
and inter-RAT frequencies which are indicated in system information and
for which the UE has priority provided as defined in 5.2.4.1:

\- For an E-UTRAN inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequency with a
reselection priority higher than the reselection priority of the current
E-UTRA frequency the UE shall perform measurements of higher priority
E-UTRAN inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequencies according to TS 36.133
\[10\].

\- For an E-UTRAN inter-frequency with an equal or lower reselection
priority than the reselection priority of the current E-UTRA frequency
and for inter-RAT frequency with lower reselection priority than the
reselection priority of the current E-UTRAN frequency:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform measurements of
E-UTRAN inter-frequencies or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower
priority unless the UE is triggered to measure an E-UTRAN
inter-frequency which is configured with *redistributionInterFreqInfo*.

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform measurements of E-UTRAN
inter-frequencies or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower
priority according to TS 36.133 \[10\].

\- If the UE supports relaxed monitoring and *s-SearchDeltaP* is present
in *SystemInformationBlockType3*, the UE may further limit the needed
measurements, as specified in sub-clause 5.2.4.12.

\[TS 36.304, clause 5.2.4.5\]

For NB-IoT inter-frequency cell reselection shall be based on ranking as
defined in sub-clause 5.2.4.6.

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is provided in *SystemInformationBlockType3*
and more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority E-UTRAN
frequency or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be
performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority EUTRAN, NR or UTRAN FDD RAT/ frequency
fulfils Squal \> Thresh~X,\ HighQ~ during a time interval
Treselection~RAT~; or

\- A cell of a higher priority UTRAN TDD, GERAN or CDMA2000 RAT/
frequency fulfils Srxlev \> Thresh~X,\ HighP~ during a time interval
Treselection~RAT~.

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority E-UTRAN
frequency or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be
performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \>
Thresh~X,\ HighP~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

\- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

Cell reselection to a cell on an equal priority E-UTRAN frequency shall
be based on ranking for Intra-frequency cell reselection as defined in
sub-clause 5.2.4.6.

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is provided in *SystemInformationBlockType3*
and more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority E-UTRAN
frequency or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be
performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Squal \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~ and a cell
of a lower priority EUTRAN, NR or UTRAN FDD RAT/ frequency fulfils Squal
\> Thresh~X,\ LowQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; or

\- The serving cell fulfils Squal \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~ and a cell
of a lower priority UTRAN TDD, GERAN or CDMA2000 RAT/ frequency fulfils
Srxlev \> Thresh~X,\ LowP~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~.

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority E-UTRAN
frequency or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be
performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Srxlev \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowP~ and a cell
of a lower priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \> Thresh~X,\ LowP~
during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

> \- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
> serving cell.

Cell reselection to a higher priority RAT/ frequency shall take
precedence over a lower priority RAT/ frequency, if multiple cells of
different priorities fulfil the cell reselection criteria.

The UE shall not perform cell reselection to NR or UTRAN FDD cells for
which the cell selection criterion S is not fulfilled.

For cdma2000 RATs, Srxlev is equal to -FLOOR(-2 x 10 x log10 Ec/Io) in
units of 0.5 dB, as defined in \[18\], with Ec/Io referring to the value
measured from the evaluated cell.

For cdma2000 RATs, Thresh~X,\ HighP~ and Thresh~X,\ LowP~ are equal to
-1 times the values signalled for the corresponding parameters in the
system information.

In all the above criteria the value of Treselection~RAT~ is scaled when
the UE is in the medium or high mobility state as defined in subclause
5.2.4.3.1. If more than one cell meets the above criteria, the UE shall
reselect a cell as follows:

\- If the highest-priority frequency is an E-UTRAN frequency, a cell
ranked as the best cell among the cells on the highest priority
frequency(ies) meeting the criteria according to clause 5.2.4.6;

\- If the highest-priority frequency is from another RAT, a cell ranked
as the best cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies)
meeting the criteria of that RAT.

Cell reselection to another RAT, for which Squal based cell reselection
parameters are broadcast in system information, shall be performed based
on the Squal criteria if the UE supports Squal (RSRQ) based cell
reselection to E-UTRAN from all the other RATs provided by system
information which UE supports. Otherwise, cell reselection to another
RAT shall be performed based on Srxlev criteria.

Cell reselection to NR, for which a cell reselection parameter,
*q-RxLevMinSUL* is broadcast in system information and the UE supports
SUL, shall be performed based on Srxlev criteria taking the parameter
into account.

##### 6.2.3.1.3 Test description {#test-description-50 .H6}

##### 6.2.3.1.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-50 .H6}

System Simulator:

\- E-UTRA Cell 1, NR Cell 1.

\- NR Cell 1 is configured to operate in FR1 bands as defined in TS
38.508-1 \[4\] clause 6.2.3.

\- System information combination 31 as defined in TS 36.508-1 \[7\]
clause 4.4.3.1 is used in E-UTRA Cell.

\- System information combination NR-6 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR Cell.

##### UE: {#ue-46 .H6}

\- None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-49 .H6}

\- With E-UTRA Cell 1 \"Non-suitable \"Off\" cell\" and NR Cell 1
\"Serving cell\" in accordance with TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 6.2.2.1-3,
the UE is brought to state 1N-A, RRC\_IDLE Connectivity (NR), in
accordance with the procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table
4.5.2.2-2. 5G-GUTI and ngKSI are assigned and security context
established.

\- the UE is switched-off

\- With E-UTRA Cell 1 \"Serving cell\" and NR Cell 1 \"Non-suitable
\"Off\" cell\" in accordance with TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 6.2.2.1-3,
the UE is brought to state RRC\_IDLE using generic procedure parameters
Connectivity (*E-UTRA/EPC*) and Unrestricted nr PDN (*On*) in accordance
with the procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], clause 4.5.2. 4G GUTI
and eKSI are assigned and security context established.

##### 6.2.3.1.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-50 .H6}

Table 6.2.3.1.3.2-1 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the cell at various time instants
of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause. Row marked \"T0\"
denotes the conditions in the preamble. Configurations marked \"T1\",
\"T2\" and \"T3\" are applied at the points indicated in the Main
behaviour description in Table 6.2.3.1.3.2-3.

Table 6.2.3.1.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for E-UTRA Cell 1 and NR Cell 1 in conducted test environment

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | **Par    | **Unit** | **       | NR       | **       |
|          | ameter** |          | E-UTRA** |          | Remark** |
|          |          |          |          | **Cell   |          |
|          |          |          | **Cell   | 1**      |          |
|          |          |          | 1**      |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| T0       | Cell-    | d        | -85      | \-       | The      |
|          | specific | Bm/15kHz |          |          | power    |
|          | RS EPRE  |          |          |          | level    |
|          |          |          |          |          | values   |
|          |          |          |          |          | are      |
|          |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |          |          |          | to       |
|          |          |          |          |          | ensure   |
|          |          |          |          |          | UE       |
|          |          |          |          |          | re       |
|          |          |          |          |          | gistered |
|          |          |          |          |          | on       |
|          |          |          |          |          | E-UTRA   |
|          |          |          |          |          | cell 1   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | \-       | Off      |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| T1       | Cell-    | d        | -95      | \-       | The      |
|          | specific | Bm/15kHz |          |          | power    |
|          | RS EPRE  |          |          |          | level    |
|          |          |          |          |          | values   |
|          |          |          |          |          | are      |
|          |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |          |          |          | to       |
|          |          |          |          |          | satisfy  |
|          |          |          |          |          | both     |
|          |          |          |          |          | Srx      |
|          |          |          |          |          | lev~NR\  |
|          |          |          |          |          | Cell\ 1~ |
|          |          |          |          |          | \>       |
|          |          |          |          |          | Thresh~  |
|          |          |          |          |          | x,\ low~ |
|          |          |          |          |          | and      |
|          |          |          |          |          | Srxlev~  |
|          |          |          |          |          | E-UTRA\  |
|          |          |          |          |          | Cell\ 1~ |
|          |          |          |          |          | \<       |
|          |          |          |          |          | Thres    |
|          |          |          |          |          | h~servin |
|          |          |          |          |          | g,\ low~ |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | \-       | -80      |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| T2       | Cell-    | d        | -80      | \-       | The      |
|          | specific | Bm/15kHz |          |          | power    |
|          | RS EPRE  |          |          |          | level    |
|          |          |          |          |          | values   |
|          |          |          |          |          | are      |
|          |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |          |          |          | to       |
|          |          |          |          |          | ensure   |
|          |          |          |          |          | UE       |
|          |          |          |          |          | re       |
|          |          |          |          |          | gistered |
|          |          |          |          |          | on       |
|          |          |          |          |          | E-UTRA   |
|          |          |          |          |          | cell 1   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | \-       | -95      | ,        |
|          |          |          |          |          | Srxlev~  |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | E-UTRA\  |
|          |          |          |          |          | Cell\ 1~ |
|          |          |          |          |          | \>       |
|          |          |          |          |          | Thresh~x |
|          |          |          |          |          | ,\ high~ |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| T3       | Cell-    | d        | -95      | \-       | The      |
|          | specific | Bm/15kHz |          |          | Priority |
|          | RS EPRE  |          |          |          | and      |
|          |          |          |          |          | power    |
|          |          |          |          |          | level    |
|          |          |          |          |          | values   |
|          |          |          |          |          | are      |
|          |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |          |          |          | to       |
|          |          |          |          |          | satisfy  |
|          |          |          |          |          | Srx      |
|          |          |          |          |          | lev~NR\  |
|          |          |          |          |          | Cell\ 1~ |
|          |          |          |          |          | \>       |
|          |          |          |          |          | Thresh~x |
|          |          |          |          |          | ,\ high~ |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | \-       | -80      |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| > Note1: |          |          |          |          |          |
| > Power  |          |          |          |          |          |
| > level  |          |          |          |          |          |
| > "Off"  |          |          |          |          |          |
| > is     |          |          |          |          |          |
| >        |          |          |          |          |          |
|  defined |          |          |          |          |          |
| > in TS  |          |          |          |          |          |
| >        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 38.508-1 |          |          |          |          |          |
| > \[4\]  |          |          |          |          |          |
| > Table  |          |          |          |          |          |
| > 6.     |          |          |          |          |          |
| 2.2.1-3. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 6.2.3.1.3.2-2: Void

Table 6.2.3.1.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  St   Procedure                                                                                                                                                                    Message Sequence   TP         Verdict   
  ---- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ---------- --------- ----
                                                                                                                                                                                    U - S              Message              
  1    The SS adjusts the E-UTRAN and NR Cell power levels according to row \"T1\" in table 6.2.3.1.3.2-1.                                                                          \-                 \-         \-        \-
  2    Wait for 1 second to allow UE to recognise the change.                                                                                                                       \-                 \-         \-        \-
  3    Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.9.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 1?                                    \-                 \-         1         P
  4    Void.                                                                                                                                                                        \-                 *-*        \-        \-
  5    The SS adjusts the E-UTRAN and NR Cell power levels according to row \"T2\" in table 6.2.3.1.3.2-1.                                                                          \-                 \-         \-        \-
  6    Wait for 1 second to allow UE to recognise the change.                                                                                                                       \-                 \-         \-        \-
  7    The test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.7.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on E-UTRAN Cell 1.                                           \-                 \-         \-        \-
  7A   The SS changes *Priority* of NR cell 1 in *SystemInformationBlockType24*. And the *systemInfoValueTag* in the *SystemInformationBlockType1* of E-UTRA Cell 1 is increased.   \-                 *-*        \-        \-
  8    The SS notifies the UE of change of System Information on E-UTRAN Cell 1.                                                                                                    \<\--              *Paging*   \-        \-
  9    Void                                                                                                                                                                         \-                 *-*        \-        \-
  10   Wait for 2.1\* modification period to allow the new system information to take effect.                                                                                       \-                 *-*        \-        \-
  11   The SS re-adjusts the E-UTRAN and NR Cell levels according to row \"T3\" in table 6.2.3.1.3.2-1.                                                                             \-                 \-         \-        \-
  12   Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.9.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 1?                                    \-                 *-*        2         P
  13   Void.                                                                                                                                                                        \-                 *-*        \-        \-

##### 6.2.3.1.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-48 .H6}

Table 6.2.3.1.3.3-1: *SystemInformationBlockType3* of EUTRA Cell 1
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.2.3.1.3.2-3)

  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.3-2                            
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType3 ::= SEQUENCE {                                   
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {                                    
  threshServingLow                                    10             20 dB     
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.2.3.1.3.3-2: *SystemInformationBlockType24* of EUTRA Cell 1
(preamble, Table 6.2.3.1.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.3-20                                                                             
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                         Value/Remark                             Comment   Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType24-r15 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                
  carrierFreqListNR-r15 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF CarrierFreqNR-r15 {   1 entry                                            
  CarrierFreqNR-r15\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                    entry 1   
  carrierFreq-r15                                                             Downlink NR ARFCN of SSB for NR Cell 1             
  cellReselectionPriority-r15                                                 3                                                  
  threshX-High-r15                                                            20                                       40 dB     
  threshX-Low-r15                                                             10                                       20 dB     
  }                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                              
  t-ReselectionNR-r15                                                         7                                                  
  }                                                                                                                              

Table 6.2.3.1.3.3-3: *SIB2* of NR Cell 1(preamble and all steps, Table
6.2.3.1.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB2 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {                                    
  threshServingLowP                                   10             20 dB     
  cellReselectionPriority                             3                        
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            

Table 6.2.3.1.3.3-4: *SIB5* of NR Cell 1(preamble and all steps, Table
6.2.3.1.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-4                                                                                         
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                Value/remark                                 Comment   Condition
  SIB5 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                       
  carrierFreqListEUTRA SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxEUTRA-Carrier)) OF CarrierFreqEUTRA {   1 entry                                                
  CarrierFreqEUTRA\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                entry 1   
  carrierFreq                                                                        Downlink EUTRA ARFCN as E-UTRA Cell 1 used             
  cellReselectionPriority                                                            5                                                      
  threshX-High                                                                       10                                           20 dB     
  threshX-Low                                                                        20                                           40 dB     
  }                                                                                                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                         
  t-ReselectionEUTRA                                                                 7                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                         

Table 6.2.3.1.3.3-5: *Paging* (step 8, Table 6.2.3.1.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.6.1-7                            
  ------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                               Value/Remark   Comment   Condition
  Paging ::= SEQUENCE {                                                      
  systemInfoModification                            True                     
  }                                                                          

Table 6.2.3.1.3.3-6: *SystemInformationBlockType1* of EUTRA Cell 1 (step
7A, Table 6.2.3.1.3.2-3)

  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.2-3                                        
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment               Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                               
  systemInfoValueTag                                  1              Previous value is 0   
  }                                                                                        
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------- -----------

Table 6.2.3.1.3.3-7: *SystemInformationBlockType24* of EUTRA Cell 1
(step 7A, Table 6.2.3.1.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.3-20                                                                                      
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- ----------- -----------
  Information Element                                                         Value/Remark                                    Comment     Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType24-r15 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  carrierFreqListNR-r15 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF CarrierFreqNR-r15 {   1 entry                                                     
  CarrierFreqNR-r15\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                           entry 1     
  carrierFreq-r15                                                             Same downlink SSB ARFCN as used for NR Cell 1               
  cellReselectionPriority-r15                                                 5                                                           
  threshX-High-r15                                                            10                                              20 dB       
  threshX-Low-r15                                                             20                                              40 dB       
  }                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                       
  t-ReselectionNR-r15                                                         7                                               7 Seconds   
  }                                                                                                                                       

Table 6.2.3.1.3.3-8: TRACKING AREA UPDATE REQUEST (Step 7, Table
6.2.3.1.3.2-3)

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------------------- ------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.9.7.2.3-1                                                                                         
  Information Element                                                                                  Value/remark   Comment                   Condition
  EPS update type                                                                                                                               
  EPS update type Value                                                                                \'010\'B       Combined TA/LA updating   combined\_TA\_LA
                                                                                                       \'000\'B       TA updating               TA\_only
  NOTE: The message shall be integrity protected using the 5GS security context available in the UE.                                            
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------------------- ------------------

  ------------------ -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Condition          Explanation
  TA\_only           This condition applies if the UE is configured to initiate EPS attach or if explicitly specified.
  combined\_TA\_LA   This condition applies if the UE is configured to initiate combined EPS/IMSI attach or if explicitly specified.
  ------------------ -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table 6.2.3.1.3.3-9: REGISTRATION REQUEST (Step 12, Table 6.2.3.1.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.7.1-6.                                                                       
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- ---------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark                           Comment                      Condition
  EPS NAS message container                            TRACKING AREA UPDATE REQUEST message   *See* Table 6.2.3.1.3.3-10   

Table 6.2.3.1.3.3-10: TRACKING AREA UPDATE REQUEST (Table 6.2.3.1.3.3-9)

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.9.9.2.3-2 with condition Mapped EPS security context
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

#### 6.2.3.2 Inter-RAT cell reselection / From E-UTRA\_IDLE to NR RRC\_IDLE (lower priority & higher priority, Squal based)

##### 6.2.3.2.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-52 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-109 .H6}

**with** { UE in E-UTRA RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell re-selection criteria are met for the
cell which belongs to the lower priority inter-RAT NR cell}

**then** { UE reselects the cell which belongs to the lower priority
inter-RAT NR cell }

}

##### (2) {#section-110 .H6}

**with** { UE in E-UTRA RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell re-selection criteria are met for the
cell which belongs to the higher priority inter-RAT NR cell}

**then** { UE reselects the cell which belongs to the higher priority
inter-RAT NR cell }

}

##### 6.2.3.2.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-52 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: 3GPP TS 36.304, clause 5.2.4.1, 5.2.4.2 and 5.2.4.5.
Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 36.304, clause 5.2.4.1\]

Absolute priorities of different E-UTRAN frequencies or inter-RAT
frequencies may be provided to the UE in the system information, in the
*RRCConnectionRelease* message, or by inheriting from another RAT at
inter-RAT cell (re)selection. In the case of system information, an
E-UTRAN frequency or inter-RAT frequency may be listed without providing
a priority (i.e. the field *cellReselectionPriority* is absent for that
frequency). If priorities are provided in dedicated signalling, the UE
shall ignore all the priorities provided in system information. If UE is
in *camped on any cell* state, UE shall only apply the priorities
provided by system information from current cell, and the UE preserves
priorities provided by dedicated signalling and *deprioritisationReq*
received in *RRCConnectionReject* unless specified otherwise. When the
UE in *camped normally* state, has only dedicated priorities other than
for the current frequency, the UE shall consider the current frequency
to be the lowest priority frequency (i.e. lower than any of the network
configured values). While the UE is camped on a suitable CSG cell in
normal coverage, the UE shall always consider the current frequency to
be the highest priority frequency (i.e. higher than any of the network
configured values), irrespective of any other priority value allocated
to this frequency. When the HSDN capable UE is in High-mobility state,
the UE shall always consider the HSDN cells to be the highest priority
(i.e. higher than any other network configured priorities). When the
HSDN capable UE is not in High-mobility state, the UE shall always
consider HSDN cells to be the lowest priority (i.e. lower than network
configured priorities). If the UE capable of sidelink communication is
configured to perform sidelink communication and can only perform the
sidelink communication while camping on a frequency, the UE may consider
that frequency to be the highest priority. If the UE capable of V2X
sidelink communication is configured to perform V2X sidelink
communication and can only perform the V2X sidelink communication while
camping on a frequency, the UE may consider that frequency to be the
highest priority. If the UE capable of V2X sidelink communication is
configured to perform V2X sidelink communication and can only use
pre-configuration while not camping on a frequency, the UE may consider
the frequency providing inter-carrier V2X sidelink configuration to be
the highest priority. If the UE capable of sidelink discovery is
configured to perform Public Safety related sidelink discovery and can
only perform the Public Safety related sidelink discovery while camping
on a frequency, the UE may consider that frequency to be the highest
priority.

NOTE 1: The prioritization among the frequencies which UE considers to
be the highest priority frequency is left to UE implementation.

If the UE is capable either of MBMS Service Continuity or of SC-PTM
reception and is receiving or interested to receive an MBMS service and
can only receive this MBMS service while camping on a frequency on which
it is provided, the UE may consider that frequency to be the highest
priority during the MBMS session TS 36.300 \[2\] as long as the two
following conditions are fulfilled:

1\) Either:

\- the UE is capable of MBMS service continuity and the reselected cell
is broadcasting SIB13; or

\- the UE is capable of SC-PTM reception and the reselected cell is
broadcasting SIB20;

2\) Either:

\- SIB15 of the serving cell indicates for that frequency one or more
MBMS SAIs included and associated with that frequency in the MBMS User
Service Description (USD) TS 26.346 \[22\] of this service; or

\- SIB15 is not broadcast in the serving cell and that frequency is
included in the USD of this service.

If the UE is capable either of MBMS Service Continuity or of SC-PTM
reception and is receiving or interested to receive an MBMS service
provided on a downlink only MBMS frequency, on a frequency used by
dedicated MBMS cells, on a frequency used by FeMBMS/Unicast-mixed cells
as defined in TS 36.300 \[2\], or on a frequency belonging to PLMN
different from its registered PLMN, the UE may consider cell reselection
candidate frequencies at which it can not receive the MBMS service to be
of the lowest priority during the MBMS session TS 36.300 \[2\], as long
as the above mentioned condition 1) is fulfilled for the cell on the
MBMS frequency which the UE monitors or this cell broadcasts SIB1-MBMS
and as long as the above mentioned condition 2) is fulfilled for the
serving cell.

NOTE 2: Example scenarios in which the previous down-prioritisation may
be needed concerns the cases where camping is not possible, while the UE
can only receive this MBMS frequency when camping on a subset of cell
reselection candidate frequencies, e.g. the MBMS frequency is a downlink
only carrier, the MBMS frequency is used by dedicated MBMS cells, the
MBMS frequency is used by FeMBMS/Unicast-mixed cells TS 36.300 \[2\], or
the MBMS frequency belongs to a PLMN different from UE\'s registered
PLMN.

If the UE is not capable of MBMS Service Continuity but has knowledge on
which frequency an MBMS service of interest is provided, it may consider
that frequency to be the highest priority during the MBMS session TS
36.300 \[2\] as long as the reselected cell is broadcasting SIB13.

If the UE is not capable of MBMS Service Continuity but has knowledge on
which downlink only frequency, on which frequency used by dedicated MBMS
cells, on which frequency used by FeMBMS/Unicast-mixed cells as defined
in TS 36.300 \[2\] or on which frequency belonging to PLMN different
from its registered PLMN an MBMS service of interest is provided, it may
consider cell reselection candidate frequencies at which it can not
receive the MBMS service to be of the lowest priority during the MBMS
session TS 36.300 \[2\] as long as the cell on the MBMS frequency which
the UE monitors is broadcasting SIB13 or SIB1-MBMS.

NOTE 3: The UE considers that the MBMS session is ongoing using the
session start and end times as provided by upper layers in the USD i.e.
the UE does not verify if the session is indicated on MCCH.

In case UE receives *RRCConnectionReject* with *deprioritisationReq*, UE
shall consider current carrier frequency and stored frequencies due to
the previously received *RRCConnectionReject* with *deprioritisationReq*
or all the frequencies of EUTRA to be the lowest priority frequency
(i.e. lower than any of the network configured values) while T325 is
running irrespective of camped RAT. The UE shall delete the stored
deprioritisation request(s) when a PLMN selection is performed on
request by NAS TS 23.122 \[5\].

NOTE 4: Connecting to CDMA2000 does not imply PLMN selection.

NOTE 5: UE should search for a higher priority layer for cell
reselection as soon as possible after the change of priority. The
minimum related performance requirements specified in TS 36.133 \[10\]
are still applicable.

The UE shall delete priorities provided by dedicated signalling when:

\- the UE enters a different RRC state; or

\- the optional validity time of dedicated priorities (T320) expires; or

\- a PLMN selection is performed on request by NAS TS 23.122 \[5\].

NOTE 6: Equal priorities between RATs are not supported.

The UE shall only perform cell reselection evaluation for E-UTRAN
frequencies and inter-RAT frequencies that are given in system
information and for which the UE has a priority provided.

The UE shall not consider any exclude-listed cells as candidate for cell
reselection.

The UE shall inherit the priorities provided by dedicated signalling and
the remaining validity time (i.e., T320 in E-UTRA and NR, T322 in UTRA
and T3230 in GERAN), if configured, at inter-RAT cell (re)selection.

NOTE 7: The network may assign dedicated cell reselection priorities for
frequencies not configured by system information.

While T360 is running, redistribution target is considered to be the
highest priority (i.e. higher than any of the network configured
values). UE shall continue to consider the serving frequency as the
highest priority until completion of E-UTRAN Inter-frequency
Redistribution procedure specified in 5.2.4.10 if triggered on T360
expiry/ stop.

\[TS 36.304, clause 5.2.4.2\]

Following rules are used by the UE to limit needed measurements:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~IntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~IntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform intra-frequency
measurements.

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform intra-frequency measurements.

\- The UE shall apply the following rules for NR inter-frequencies and
inter-RAT frequencies which are indicated in system information and for
which the UE has priority provided as defined in 5.2.4.1:

\- For a NR inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequency with a reselection
priority higher than the reselection priority of the current NR
frequency, the UE shall perform measurements of higher priority NR
inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequencies according to TS 38.133 \[8\].

\- For a NR inter-frequency with an equal or lower reselection priority
than the reselection priority of the current NR frequency and for
inter-RAT frequency with lower reselection priority than the reselection
priority of the current NR frequency:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform measurements of NR
inter-frequencies or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower
priority;

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform measurements of NR inter-frequencies
or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower priority according to TS
38.133 \[8\].

\[TS 36.304, clause 5.2.4.5\]

For NB-IoT inter-frequency cell reselection shall be based on ranking as
defined in sub-clause 5.2.4.6.

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is provided in *SystemInformationBlockType3*
and more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority E-UTRAN
frequency or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be
performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority EUTRAN, NR or UTRAN FDD RAT/ frequency
fulfils Squal \> Thresh~X,\ HighQ~ during a time interval
Treselection~RAT~; or

\- A cell of a higher priority UTRAN TDD, GERAN or CDMA2000 RAT/
frequency fulfils Srxlev \> Thresh~X,\ HighP~ during a time interval
Treselection~RAT~.

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority E-UTRAN
frequency or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be
performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \>
Thresh~X,\ HighP~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

\- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

Cell reselection to a cell on an equal priority E-UTRAN frequency shall
be based on ranking for Intra-frequency cell reselection as defined in
sub-clause 5.2.4.6.

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is provided in *SystemInformationBlockType3*
and more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority E-UTRAN
frequency or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be
performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Squal \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~ and a cell
of a lower priority EUTRAN, NR or UTRAN FDD RAT/ frequency fulfils Squal
\> Thresh~X,\ LowQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; or

\- The serving cell fulfils Squal \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~ and a cell
of a lower priority UTRAN TDD, GERAN or CDMA2000 RAT/ frequency fulfils
Srxlev \> Thresh~X,\ LowP~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~.

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority E-UTRAN
frequency or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be
performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Srxlev \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowP~ and a cell
of a lower priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \> Thresh~X,\ LowP~
during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

> \- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
> serving cell.

Cell reselection to a higher priority RAT/ frequency shall take
precedence over a lower priority RAT/ frequency, if multiple cells of
different priorities fulfil the cell reselection criteria.

The UE shall not perform cell reselection to NR or UTRAN FDD cells for
which the cell selection criterion S is not fulfilled.

For cdma2000 RATs, Srxlev is equal to -FLOOR(-2 x 10 x log10 Ec/Io) in
units of 0.5 dB, as defined in \[18\], with Ec/Io referring to the value
measured from the evaluated cell.

For cdma2000 RATs, Thresh~X,\ HighP~ and Thresh~X,\ LowP~ are equal to
-1 times the values signalled for the corresponding parameters in the
system information.

In all the above criteria the value of Treselection~RAT~ is scaled when
the UE is in the medium or high mobility state as defined in subclause
5.2.4.3.1. If more than one cell meets the above criteria, the UE shall
reselect a cell as follows:

\- If the highest-priority frequency is an E-UTRAN frequency, a cell
ranked as the best cell among the cells on the highest priority
frequency(ies) meeting the criteria according to clause 5.2.4.6;

\- If the highest-priority frequency is from another RAT, a cell ranked
as the best cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies)
meeting the criteria of that RAT.

Cell reselection to another RAT, for which Squal based cell reselection
parameters are broadcast in system information, shall be performed based
on the Squal criteria if the UE supports Squal (RSRQ) based cell
reselection to E-UTRAN from all the other RATs provided by system
information which UE supports. Otherwise, cell reselection to another
RAT shall be performed based on Srxlev criteria.

Cell reselection to NR, for which a cell reselection parameter,
*q-RxLevMinSUL* is broadcast in system information and the UE supports
SUL, shall be performed based on Srxlev criteria taking the parameter
into account.

##### 6.2.3.2.3 Test description {#test-description-51 .H6}

##### 6.2.3.2.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-51 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-38 .H6}

\- E-UTRA Cell 1 and NR Cell 1.

\- NR Cell 1 is configured to operate in FR1 bands as defined in TS
38.508-1 \[4\] clause 6.2.3.

\- System information combination 31 as defined in TS 36.508 \[7\]
clause 4.4.3.1, and message contents defined in clause 4.4.3.3 with
QBASED condition is used in E-UTRA cell.

> \- System information combination NR-6 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
> clause 4.4.3.1.3, and message contents defined in clause 4.6.1 and
> clause 4.6.2 with QBASED condition is used in NR Cell.

##### UE: {#ue-47 .H6}

None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-50 .H6}

\-

With E-UTRA Cell 1 \"Non-suitable \"Off\" cell\" and NR Cell 1 \"Serving
cell\" in accordance with TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 6.2.2.1-3, the UE is
brought to state 1N-A, RRC\_IDLE Connectivity (NR), in accordance with
the procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.5.2.2-2. 5G-GUTI
and ngKSI are assigned and security context established.

The UE is switched-off.

With E-UTRA Cell 1 \"Serving cell\" and NR Cell 1 \"Non-suitable \"Off\"
cell\" in accordance with TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 6.2.2.1-3, the UE is
brought to state RRC\_IDLE using generic procedure parameters
Connectivity (E-UTRA/EPC) and Unrestricted nr PDN (*On*) in accordance
with the procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], clause 4.5.2. 4G-GUTI
and eKSI are assigned and security context established.

##### 6.2.3.2.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-51 .H6}

Table 6.2.3.2.3.2-1 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the cell at various time instants
of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause. Configurations marked
\"T1\",\"T2\" and \"T3\" are applied at the points indicated in the Main
behaviour description in Table 6.2.3.2.3.2-3.

Table 6.2.3.2.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for E-UTRA Cell and NR Cell in conducted test environment

       Parameter               Unit        E-UTRA Cell 1   NR Cell 1   Remark
  ---- ----------------------- ----------- --------------- ----------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  T1   Cell-specific RS EPRE   dBm/15kHz   -95             \-          The power level values are assignen to ensure UE reselected to NR Cell 1: both Squal ~ServingCell,\ E-UTRA\ Cell1~ \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~ and Squal~nonServingCell,\ NR\ Cell1~ \> Thresh~NR\ Cell1,LowQ~
       SS/PBCH SSS EPRE        dBm/SCS     \-              -80         
       RSRQ                    dB          -11.46          -11.17      
       Qqualmin                dB          -20             -25         
       Noc~E-UTRA~             dBm/15kHz   -95             \-          
       Noc~NR~                 dBm/SCS     \-              -90         
  T2   Cell-specific RS EPRE   dBm/15kHz   -80             \-          The power level values are assignen to ensure UE reselected back to E-UTRA Cell 1: Squal ~nonServingCell,\ E-UTRA\ Cell1~ \> Thresh~E-UTRA\ Cell1,\ HighQ~
       SS/PBCH SSS EPRE        dBm/SCS     \-              -95         
       RSRQ                    dB          -3.76           -16.98      
       Qqualmin                dB          -20             -25         
       Noc~E-UTRA~             dBm/15kHz   -95             \-          
       Noc~NR~                 dBm/SCS     \-              -90         
  T3   Cell-specific RS EPRE   dBm/15kHz   -95             \-          The power level values are assignen to ensure UE reselected to NR Cell 1: Squal ~nonServingCell,\ NR\ Cell1~ \> Thresh ~NR\ Cell1,\ HighQ~
       SS/PBCH SSS EPRE        dBm/SCS     \-              -80         
       RSRQ                    dB          -11.46          -11.17      
       Qqualmin                dB          -20             -25         
       Noc~E-UTRA~             dBm/15kHz   -95             \-          
       Noc~NR~                 dBm/SCS     \-              -90         

Table 6.2.3.2.3.2-2: Void

Table 6.2.3.2.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| St | Procedure    | Message      | TP           | Verdict |    |
|    |              | Sequence     |              |         |    |
+====+==============+==============+==============+=========+====+
|    |              | U - S        | Message      |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 1  | The SS       | \-           | \-           | \-      | \- |
|    | changes      |              |              |         |    |
|    | C            |              |              |         |    |
|    | ell-specific |              |              |         |    |
|    | RS EPRE      |              |              |         |    |
|    | level for    |              |              |         |    |
|    | E-UTRA Cell  |              |              |         |    |
|    | 1 and        |              |              |         |    |
|    | SS/PBCH SSS  |              |              |         |    |
|    | EPRE level   |              |              |         |    |
|    | for NR Cell  |              |              |         |    |
|    | 1 according  |              |              |         |    |
|    | to row       |              |              |         |    |
|    | \"T1\" in    |              |              |         |    |
|    | table        |              |              |         |    |
|    | 6.           |              |              |         |    |
|    | 2.3.2.3.2-1. |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 2  | Check: Does  |              |              | 1       | \- |
|    | the test     |              |              |         |    |
|    | result of    |              |              |         |    |
|    | generic test |              |              |         |    |
|    | procedure in |              |              |         |    |
|    | TS 38.508-1  |              |              |         |    |
|    | \[4\] Table  |              |              |         |    |
|    | 4.9.9.2.2-1  |              |              |         |    |
|    | indicate     |              |              |         |    |
|    | that the UE  |              |              |         |    |
|    | is camped on |              |              |         |    |
|    | NR Cell 1?   |              |              |         |    |
|    |              |              |              |         |    |
|    | NOTE: This   |              |              |         |    |
|    | is the first |              |              |         |    |
|    | time in this |              |              |         |    |
|    | test case    |              |              |         |    |
|    | that the UE  |              |              |         |    |
|    | moves from   |              |              |         |    |
|    | S1 to N1.    |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 3  | The SS       | \<\--        | NR RRC:      |         |    |
|    | transmits an |              | *RRCRelease* |         |    |
|    | *RRCRelease* |              |              |         |    |
|    | message on   |              |              |         |    |
|    | NR Cell 1.   |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 4  | The SS       | \-           | \-           | \-      | \- |
|    | changes      |              |              |         |    |
|    | C            |              |              |         |    |
|    | ell-specific |              |              |         |    |
|    | RS EPRE      |              |              |         |    |
|    | level for    |              |              |         |    |
|    | E-UTRA Cell  |              |              |         |    |
|    | 1 and        |              |              |         |    |
|    | SS/PBCH SSS  |              |              |         |    |
|    | EPRE level   |              |              |         |    |
|    | for NR Cell  |              |              |         |    |
|    | 1 according  |              |              |         |    |
|    | to row       |              |              |         |    |
|    | \"T2\" in    |              |              |         |    |
|    | table        |              |              |         |    |
|    | 6.           |              |              |         |    |
|    | 2.3.2.3.2-1. |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 5  | The UE       | \-           | \-           | \-      | \- |
|    | selects      |              |              |         |    |
|    | E-UTRAN Cell |              |              |         |    |
|    | 1 and        |              |              |         |    |
|    | performs the |              |              |         |    |
|    | generic test |              |              |         |    |
|    | procedure in |              |              |         |    |
|    | TS 38.508-1  |              |              |         |    |
|    | \[4\] Table  |              |              |         |    |
|    | 4.9.7.2.2    |              |              |         |    |
|    | from steps   |              |              |         |    |
|    | 1-6.         |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 6  | The SS       | \<\--        | *E-UTRA RRC: | \-      | \- |
|    | transmits an |              | RRCConnec    |         |    |
|    | *RRCConnec   |              | tionRelease* |         |    |
|    | tionRelease* |              |              |         |    |
|    | message to   |              |              |         |    |
|    | release RRC  |              |              |         |    |
|    | connection   |              |              |         |    |
|    | and move to  |              |              |         |    |
|    | RRC\_IDLE on |              |              |         |    |
|    | E-UTRAN Cell |              |              |         |    |
|    | 1.           |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 7  | The SS       | \-           | \-           | \-      | \- |
|    | changes the  |              |              |         |    |
|    | NR cell      |              |              |         |    |
|    | priority     |              |              |         |    |
|    | broadcast in |              |              |         |    |
|    | system       |              |              |         |    |
|    | information  |              |              |         |    |
|    | on E-UTRAN   |              |              |         |    |
|    | Cell 1.      |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 8  | Notify UE    | \<\--        | *E-UTRA RRC: |         |    |
|    | change of    |              | Paging*      |         |    |
|    | System       |              |              |         |    |
|    | Information  |              |              |         |    |
|    | on E-UTRAN   |              |              |         |    |
|    | Cell 1.      |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 9  | Wait for     | \-           | \-           | \-      | \- |
|    | 2.1\*        |              |              |         |    |
|    | modification |              |              |         |    |
|    | period to    |              |              |         |    |
|    | allow the    |              |              |         |    |
|    | new system   |              |              |         |    |
|    | information  |              |              |         |    |
|    | to take      |              |              |         |    |
|    | effect.      |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 10 | The SS       | \-           | \-           | \-      | \- |
|    | changes      |              |              |         |    |
|    | C            |              |              |         |    |
|    | ell-specific |              |              |         |    |
|    | RS EPRE      |              |              |         |    |
|    | level for    |              |              |         |    |
|    | E-UTRA Cell  |              |              |         |    |
|    | 1 and        |              |              |         |    |
|    | SS/PBCH SSS  |              |              |         |    |
|    | EPRE level   |              |              |         |    |
|    | for NR Cell  |              |              |         |    |
|    | 1 according  |              |              |         |    |
|    | to row       |              |              |         |    |
|    | \"T3\" in    |              |              |         |    |
|    | table        |              |              |         |    |
|    | 6.           |              |              |         |    |
|    | 2.3.2.3.2-1. |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 11 | Check: Does  | \-           | \-           | 2       | \- |
|    | the test     |              |              |         |    |
|    | result of    |              |              |         |    |
|    | generic test |              |              |         |    |
|    | procedure in |              |              |         |    |
|    | TS 38.508-1  |              |              |         |    |
|    | \[4\] Table  |              |              |         |    |
|    | 4.9.9.2.2-1  |              |              |         |    |
|    | indicate     |              |              |         |    |
|    | that the UE  |              |              |         |    |
|    | is camped on |              |              |         |    |
|    | NR Cell 1?   |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 12 | Void.        | \-           | *-*          | \-      | \- |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+

##### 6.2.3.2.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-49 .H6}

Table 6.2.3.2.3.3-1: *SystemInformationBlockType1* for E-UTRA Cell 1
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.2.3.2.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 36.508-1 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.2-3                            
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/Remark   Comment   Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                     
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                
  cellSelectionInfo-v920 SEQUENCE {                                              
  q-QualMin-r9                                          -20                      
  }                                                                              
  }                                                                              
  }                                                                              
  }                                                                              

Table 6.2.3.2.3.3-2:S*ystemInformationBlockType3* for E-UTRA Cell 1
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.2.3.2.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.3-2                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/Remark   Comment   Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType3 ::= SEQUENCE {                                   
  lateNonCriticalExtension {                                                   
  q-QualMin-r9                                        -20                      
  threshServingLowQ-r9                                12                       
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            

Table 6.2.3.2.3.3-3:*SystemInformationBlockType24* for E-UTRA Cell 1
(preamble, Table 6.2.3.2.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.3-20                                                                             
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                         Value/remark                             Comment   Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType24-r15 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                
  carrierFreqListNR-r15 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF CarrierFreqNR-r15 {   1 entry                                            
  CarrierFreqNR-r15\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                    entry 1   
  carrierFreq-r15                                                             Downlink NR ARFCN of SSB for NR Cell 1             
  cellReselectionPriority-r15                                                 3                                                  
  threshX-Q-r15 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                       
  threshX-HighQ-r15                                                           20                                                 
  threshX-LowQ-r15                                                            5                                                  
  }                                                                                                                              
  q-QualMin-r15                                                               -25                                                
  }                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                              
  t-ReselectionNR-r15                                                         7                                                  
  }                                                                                                                              

Table 6.2.3.2.3.3-4:*SIB1* for NR Cell 1 (preamble and all steps, Table
6.2.3.2.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                            
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/Remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                           
  cellSelectionInfo SEQUENCE {                                                  
  q-QualMin                                            -25            -25dB     
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             

Table 6.2.3.2.3.3-5:*SIB2* for NR Cell 1 (preamble and all steps, Table
6.2.3.2.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/Remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB2 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {                                    
  threshServingLowQ                                   26                       
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            

Table 6.2.3.2.3.3-6:*SIB5* for NR Cell 1 (preamble and all steps, Table
6.2.3.2.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-4                                                                                         
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                Value/Remark                                 Comment   Condition
  SIB5 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                       
  carrierFreqListEUTRA SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxEUTRA-Carrier)) OF CarrierFreqEUTRA {   1 entry                                                
  CarrierFreqEUTRA\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                entry 1   
  carrierFreq                                                                        Downlink EUTRA ARFCN as E-UTRA Cell 1 used             
  cellReselectionPriority                                                            5                                                      
  threshX-Q SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                      
  threshX-HighQ                                                                      12                                                     
  threshX-LowQ                                                                       5                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                         
  t-ReselectionEUTRA                                                                 7                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                         

Table 6.2.3.2.3.3-7:*SystemInformationBlockType24* for E-UTRA Cell 1
(step 7, Table 6.2.3.2.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.3-20                                                                             
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                         Value/remark                             Comment   Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType24-r15 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                
  carrierFreqListNR-r15 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF CarrierFreqNR-r15 {   1 entry                                            
  CarrierFreqNR-r15\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                    entry 1   
  carrierFreq-r15                                                             Downlink NR ARFCN of SSB for NR Cell 1             
  cellReselectionPriority-r15                                                 5                                                  
  threshX-Q-r15 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                       
  threshX-HighQ-r15                                                           5                                                  
  threshX-LowQ-r15                                                            20                                                 
  }                                                                                                                              
  q-QualMin-r15                                                               -25                                                
  }                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                              
  t-ReselectionNR-r15                                                         7                                                  
  }                                                                                                                              

Table 6.2.3.2.3.3-8: *Paging* for E-UTRA Cell 1 (step 8, Table
6.2.3.2.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.6.1-7                            
  ------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                               Value/Remark   Comment   Condition
  Paging ::= SEQUENCE {                                                      
  pagingRecordList                                  Not present              
  systemInfoModification                            True                     
  etws-PrimaryNotificationIndication                Not present              
  nonCriticalExtension                              Not present              
  }                                                                          

Table 6.2.3.2.3.3-9: *SystemInformationBlockType1* for E-UTRA Cell 1
(step 9, Table 6.2.3.2.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 36.508-1 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.2-3                            
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/Remark   Comment   Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                     
  systemInfoValueTag                                    1                        
  }                                                                              

Table 6.2.3.2.3.3-10: REGISTRATION REQUEST (Step 11, Table
6.2.3.2.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.7.1-6.                                                                       
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- ---------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark                           Comment                      Condition
  EPS NAS message container                            TRACKING AREA UPDATE REQUEST message   *See* Table 6.2.3.2.3.3-11   

Table 6.2.3.2.3.3-11: TRACKING AREA UPDATE REQUEST (Table
6.2.3.2.3.3-10)

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.9.9.2.3-2 with condition Mapped EPS security context
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

#### 6.2.3.3 Inter-RAT cell reselection / From NR RRC\_IDLE to E-UTRA\_IDLE (lower priority & higher priority, Srxlev based)

##### 6.2.3.3.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-53 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-111 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_Idle state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell re-selection criteria are met for the
cell which belongs to the higher priority E-UTRA frequency }

**then** { UE reselects to the E-UTRA cell }

}

##### (2) {#section-112 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_Idle state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell re-selection criteria are met for the
neighour cell which belongs to the lower priority E-UTRA frequency }

**then** { UE reselects to the E-UTRA cell }

}

##### 6.2.3.3.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-53 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: 3GPP TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.1, 5.2.4.2 and 5.2.4.5.
Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.1\]

Absolute priorities of different NR frequencies or inter-RAT frequencies
may be provided to the UE in the system information, in the *RRCRelease*
message, or by inheriting from another RAT at inter-RAT cell
(re)selection. In the case of system information, an NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency may be listed without providing a priority (i.e. the
field *cellReselectionPriority* is absent for that frequency). If
priorities are provided in dedicated signalling, the UE shall ignore all
the priorities provided in system information. If UE is in *camped on
any cell* state, UE shall only apply the priorities provided by system
information from current cell, and the UE preserves priorities provided
by dedicated signalling and *deprioritisationReq* received in
*RRCRelease* unless specified otherwise. When the UE in camped normally
state, has only dedicated priorities other than for the current
frequency, the UE shall consider the current frequency to be the lowest
priority frequency (i.e. lower than any of the network configured
values).

The UE shall only perform cell reselection evaluation for NR frequencies
and inter-RAT frequencies that are given in system information and for
which the UE has a priority provided.

In case UE receives *RRCRelease* with *deprioritisationReq*, UE shall
consider current frequency and stored frequencies due to the previously
received *RRCRelease* with *deprioritisationReq* or all the frequencies
of NR to be the lowest priority frequency (i.e. lower than any of the
network configured values) while T325 is running irrespective of camped
RAT. The UE shall delete the stored deprioritisation request(s) when a
PLMN selection is performed on request by NAS (TS 23.122 \[9\]).

NOTE: UE should search for a higher priority layer for cell reselection
as soon as possible after the change of priority. The minimum related
performance requirements specified in TS 38.133 \[8\] are still
applicable.

The UE shall delete priorities provided by dedicated signalling when:

\- the UE enters a different RRC state; or

\- the optional validity time of dedicated priorities (T320) expires; or

\- a PLMN selection is performed on request by NAS (TS 23.122 \[9\]).

NOTE 2: Equal priorities between RATs are not supported.

The UE shall not consider any exclude-listed cells as candidate for cell
reselection.

The UE shall inherit the priorities provided by dedicated signalling and
the remaining validity time (i.e. T320 in NR and E-UTRA), if configured,
at inter-RAT cell (re)selection.

NOTE 3: The network may assign dedicated cell reselection priorities for
frequencies not configured by system information.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.1\]

Following rules are used by the UE to limit needed measurements:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~IntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~IntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform intra-frequency
measurements.

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform intra-frequency measurements.

\- The UE shall apply the following rules for NR inter-frequencies and
inter-RAT frequencies which are indicated in system information and for
which the UE has priority provided as defined in 5.2.4.1:

\- For a NR inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequency with a reselection
priority higher than the reselection priority of the current NR
frequency, the UE shall perform measurements of higher priority NR
inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequencies according to TS 38.133 \[8\].

\- For a NR inter-frequency with an equal or lower reselection priority
than the reselection priority of the current NR frequency and for
inter-RAT frequency with lower reselection priority than the reselection
priority of the current NR frequency:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform measurements of NR
inter-frequencies or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower
priority;

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform measurements of NR inter-frequencies
or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower priority according to TS
38.133 \[8\].

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.5\]

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is broadcast in system information and more
than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving
cell, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority NR or EUTRAN RAT/frequency fulfils Squal
\> Thresh~X,\ HighQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority NR frequency
or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \>
Thresh~X,\ HighP~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

\- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

Cell reselection to a cell on an equal priority NR frequency shall be
based on ranking for intra-frequency cell reselection as defined in
sub-clause 5.2.4.6.

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is broadcast in system information and more
than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving
cell, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Squal \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~ and a cell
of a lower priority NR or E-UTRAN RAT/ frequency fulfils Squal \>
Thresh~X,\ LowQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~.

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority NR frequency
or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Srxlev \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowP~ and a cell
of a lower priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \> Thresh~X,\ LowP~
during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

> \- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
> serving cell.

Cell reselection to a higher priority RAT/frequency shall take
precedence over a lower priority RAT/frequency if multiple cells of
different priorities fulfil the cell reselection criteria.

If more than one cell meets the above criteria, the UE shall reselect a
cell as follows:

\- If the highest-priority frequency is an NR frequency, the highest
ranked cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies)
meeting the criteria according to clause 5.2.4.6;

\- If the highest-priority frequency is from another RAT, the highest
ranked cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies)
meeting the criteria of that RAT.

##### 6.2.3.3.3 Test description {#test-description-52 .H6}

##### 6.2.3.3.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-52 .H6}

System Simulator:

\- NR Cell 1, E-UTRA Cell 1 is different priority inter-RAT Cell.

\- NR Cell 1 is configured to operate in FR1 bands as defined in TS
38.508-1 \[4\] clause 6.2.3.

\- System information combination NR-6 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR Cell.

\- System information combination 31 as defined in TS 36.508-1 \[18\]
clause 4.4.3.1 is used in E-UTRA Cell.

##### UE: {#ue-48 .H6}

None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-51 .H6}

\- With E-UTRA Cell 1 \"Serving cell\" and NR Cell 1 \"Non-suitable
\"Off\" cell\" in accordance with TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 6.2.2.1-3,
the UE is brought to state RRC\_IDLE using generic procedure parameters
Connectivity (*E-UTRA/EPC*) and Unrestricted nr PDN (*On*) in accordance
with the procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], clause 4.5.2. 4G GUTI
and eKSI are assigned and security context established.

\- the UE is switched-off.

\- With E-UTRA Cell 1 \"Non-suitable \"Off\" cell\" and NR Cell 1
\"Serving cell\" in accordance with TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 6.2.2.1-3,
the UE is brought to state 1N-A, RRC\_IDLE Connectivity (NR), in
accordance with the procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table
4.5.2.2-2. 5G-GUTI and ngKSI are assigned and security context
established.

##### 6.2.3.3.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-52 .H6}

Table 6.2.3.3.3.2-1 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the cell at various time instants
of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause. Row marked \"T0\"
denotes the conditions in the preamble. Configurations marked \"T1\",
\"T2\" and \"T3\" are applied at the points indicated in the Main
behaviour description in Table 6.2.3.3.3.2-3.

Table 6.2.3.3.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for E-UTRA Cell 1 and NR Cell 1 in conducted test environment

+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | **Pa      | **Unit**  | NR        | *         | *         |
|    | rameter** |           |           | *E-UTRA** | *Remark** |
|    |           |           | **Cell    |           |           |
|    |           |           | 1**       | **Cell    |           |
|    |           |           |           | 1**       |           |
+====+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+
| T0 | Cell      | dBm/15kHz | \-        | -Off      | The power |
|    | -specific |           |           |           | level     |
|    | RS EPRE   |           |           |           | values    |
|    |           |           |           |           | are       |
|    |           |           |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |           |           |           | to ensure |
|    |           |           |           |           | UE        |
|    |           |           |           |           | r         |
|    |           |           |           |           | egistered |
|    |           |           |           |           | on NR     |
|    |           |           |           |           | Cell 1    |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS   | -88       | \-        |           |
|    |           |           |           |           |           |
|    | SSS EPRE  |           |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T1 | Cell      | dBm/15kHz | \-        | -75       | The power |
|    | -specific |           |           |           | level     |
|    | RS EPRE   |           |           |           | values    |
|    |           |           |           |           | are       |
|    |           |           |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |           |           |           | to        |
|    |           |           |           |           | satisfy   |
|    |           |           |           |           | Srxlev~   |
|    |           |           |           |           | E-UTRA\ C |
|    |           |           |           |           | ell\ 1~\> |
|    |           |           |           |           | Thresh~   |
|    |           |           |           |           | x,\ high~ |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS   | -95       | \-        |           |
|    |           |           |           |           |           |
|    | SSS EPRE  |           |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T2 | Cell      | dBm/15kHz | \-        | -95       | The power |
|    | -specific |           |           |           | level     |
|    | RS EPRE   |           |           |           | values    |
|    |           |           |           |           | are       |
|    |           |           |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |           |           |           | to ensure |
|    |           |           |           |           | UE        |
|    |           |           |           |           | r         |
|    |           |           |           |           | eselected |
|    |           |           |           |           | back to   |
|    |           |           |           |           | NR Cell   |
|    |           |           |           |           | 1: both   |
|    |           |           |           |           | Srxle     |
|    |           |           |           |           | v~E-UTRA\ |
|    |           |           |           |           |  Cell\ 1~ |
|    |           |           |           |           | \<        |
|    |           |           |           |           | Thr       |
|    |           |           |           |           | esh~servi |
|    |           |           |           |           | ng,\ low~ |
|    |           |           |           |           | and       |
|    |           |           |           |           | S         |
|    |           |           |           |           | rxlev~NR\ |
|    |           |           |           |           |  Cell\ 1~ |
|    |           |           |           |           | \>        |
|    |           |           |           |           | Thresh~   |
|    |           |           |           |           | x,\ low~. |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS   | -78       | \-        |           |
|    |           |           |           |           |           |
|    | SSS EPRE  |           |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T3 | Cell      | dBm/15kHz | \-        | -75       | The power |
|    | -specific |           |           |           | level     |
|    | RS EPRE   |           |           |           | values    |
|    |           |           |           |           | are       |
|    |           |           |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |           |           |           | to        |
|    |           |           |           |           | satisfy   |
|    |           |           |           |           | both      |
|    |           |           |           |           | S         |
|    |           |           |           |           | rxlev~NR\ |
|    |           |           |           |           |  Cell\ 1~ |
|    |           |           |           |           | \<        |
|    |           |           |           |           | Thr       |
|    |           |           |           |           | esh~servi |
|    |           |           |           |           | ng,\ low~ |
|    |           |           |           |           | and       |
|    |           |           |           |           | Srxle     |
|    |           |           |           |           | v~E-UTRA\ |
|    |           |           |           |           |  Cell\ 1~ |
|    |           |           |           |           | \>        |
|    |           |           |           |           | Thresh~   |
|    |           |           |           |           | x,\ low~. |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS   | -95       | \-        |           |
|    |           |           |           |           |           |
|    | SSS EPRE  |           |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+

Table 6.2.3.3.3.2-2: Void

Table 6.2.3.3.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  St   Procedure                                                                                                                                           Message Sequence   TP                   Verdict   
  ---- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ -------------------- --------- ----
                                                                                                                                                           U - S              Message                        
  1    The SS adjusts the NR and E-UTRAN Cell power levels according to row \"T1\" in table 6.2.3.3.3.2-1.                                                 \-                 \-                   \-        \-
  2    Void                                                                                                                                                \-                 \-                   \-        \-
  3    Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.7.2.2-1 is performed and the UE is camped on E-UTRAN Cell 1?   \-                 \-                   1         \-
  4    The SS adjusts the NR and E-UTRAN Cell power levels according to row \"T2\" in table 6.2.3.3.3.2-1.                                                 \-                 \-                   \-        \-
  5    Void                                                                                                                                                \-                 \-                   \-        \-
  6    Generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.9.2.2-1 take place and UE is camped on NR Cell 1.                                             \-                 \-                   \-        \-
  7    The SS transmits RRCRelease message on NR Cell 1.                                                                                                   \<\--              NR:*RRCRelease*      \-        \-
  7A   The SS changes *Priority* of E-UTRA cell 1 in the *SIB5* of NR Cell 1, The *ValueTag* of *SIB5* in the *SIB1* is increased on NR Cell 1.            \-                 *-*                  \-        \-
  8    The SS notifies the UE of change of System Information on NR Cell 1 by send *Short Message* on PDCCH using P-RNTI.                                  \<\--              *NR: ShortMessage*   \-        \-
  9    Void                                                                                                                                                \-                 *-*                  \-        \-
  10   Wait for 2.1\* modification period to allow the new system information to take effect.                                                              \-                 *-*                  \-        \-
  11   The SS adjusts the NR and E-UTRAN Cell power levels according to row \"T3\" in table 6.2.3.3.3.2-1.                                                 \-                 \-                   \-        \-
  12   Void                                                                                                                                                \-                 \-                   \-        \-
  13   Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.7.2.2-1 is performed and the UE is camped on E-UTRAN Cell 1?   \-                 *-*                  2         \-

##### 6.2.3.3.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-50 .H6}

Table 6.2.3.3.3.3-1: *SIB2* of NR Cell 1(preamble and all steps, Table
6.2.3.3.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB2 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {                                    
  threshServingLowP                                   10             20 dB     
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            

Table 6.2.3.3.3.3-2: *SIB5* of NR Cell 1(preamble and all steps, Table
6.2.3.3.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-4                                                                                           
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------- ----------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                Value/remark                                 Comment     Condition
  SIB5 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                         
  carrierFreqListEUTRA SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxEUTRA-Carrier)) OF CarrierFreqEUTRA {   1 entry                                                  
  CarrierFreqEUTRA\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                entry 1     
  carrierFreq                                                                        Downlink EUTRA ARFCN as E-UTRA Cell 1 used               
  cellReselectionPriority                                                            5                                                        
  threshX-High                                                                       10                                           20 dB       
  threshX-Low                                                                        20                                           40 dB       
  }                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                           
  t-ReselectionEUTRA                                                                 7                                            7 Seconds   
  }                                                                                                                                           

Table 6.2.3.3.3.3-3: *SystemInformationBlockType3* of EUTRA Cell 1
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.2.3.3.3.2-3)

  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.3-2                            
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType3 ::= SEQUENCE {                                   
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {                                    
  threshServingLow                                    10             20 dB     
  }                                                                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.2.3.3.3.3-4: *SystemInformationBlockType24* of EUTRA Cell 1
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.2.3.3.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.3-20                                                                                      
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- ----------- -----------
  Information Element                                                         Value/Remark                                    Comment     Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType24-r15 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  carrierFreqListNR-r15 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF CarrierFreqNR-r15 {   1 entry                                                     
  CarrierFreqNR-r15\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                           entry 1     
  carrierFreq-r15                                                             Same downlink SSB ARFCN as used for NR Cell 1               
  cellReselectionPriority-r15                                                 3                                                           
  threshX-High-r15                                                            20                                              40 dB       
  threshX-Low-r15                                                             10                                              20 dB       
  }                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                       
  t-ReselectionNR-r15                                                         7                                               7 Seconds   
  }                                                                                                                                       

Table 6.2.3.3.3.3-5: *SIB5* of NR Cell 1(Step 7A, Table 6.2.3.3.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-4                                                                                           
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------- ----------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                Value/remark                                 Comment     Condition
  SIB5 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                         
  carrierFreqListEUTRA SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxEUTRA-Carrier)) OF CarrierFreqEUTRA {   1 entry                                                  
  CarrierFreqEUTRA\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                entry 1     
  carrierFreq                                                                        Downlink EUTRA ARFCN as E-UTRA Cell 1 used               
  cellReselectionPriority                                                            3                                                        
  threshX-High                                                                       20                                           40 dB       
  threshX-Low                                                                        10                                           20 dB       
  }                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                           
  t-ReselectionEUTRA                                                                 7                                            7 Seconds   
  }                                                                                                                                           

Table 6.2.3.3.3.3-6: *SIB1 of NR Cell 1 (step 7A, Table*
6.2.3.3.3.2-3*)*

  --------------------------------------------------- ------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.128                                 
  Information Element                                 Value/remark        Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                               
  si-SchedulingInfo                                   SI-SchedulingInfo             
  }                                                                                 
  --------------------------------------------------- ------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.2.3.3.3.3-7: SI-SchedulingInfo (si-SchedulingInfo in Table
6.2.3.3.3.3-6)

  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.3-173                                                 
  Information Element                                                        Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SI-SchedulingInfo ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                    
  schedulingInfoList SEQUENCE (SIZE(1..maxSI-Message)) OF SchedulingInfo {   1 entry                  
  SchedulingInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                            entry 1   
  sib-MappingInfo SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSIB)) OF SIB-TypeInfo {              1 entry                  
  SIB-TypeInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                              entry 1   
  type                                                                       sibType5                 
  valueTag                                                                   1                        
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.2.3.3.3.3-8: TRACKING AREA UPDATE REQUEST (Step 3, Table
6.2.3.3.3.2-3)

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.9.7.2.3-1 with condition First-N1-to-S1 = TRUE
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table 6.2.3.3.3.3-9: TRACKING AREA UPDATE REQUEST (Step 13, Table
6.2.3.3.3.2-3)

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.9.7.2.3-1 with condition First-N1-to-S1 = FALSE
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table 6.2.3.3.3.3-10: REGISTRATION REQUEST (Step 6, Table 6.2.3.3.3.2-3)

  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- ---------------------------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.7.1-6.                                                                       
  Information Element                                  Value/remark                           Comment                      Condition
  EPS NAS message container                            TRACKING AREA UPDATE REQUEST message   *See* Table 6.2.3.3.3.3-11   
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- ---------------------------- -----------

Table 6.2.3.3.3.3-11: TRACKING AREA UPDATE REQUEST (Table
6.2.3.3.3.3-10)

  --------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------------------------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 36.508 \[2\], Table 4.7.2-27.                                                                                                    
  Information Element                                 Value/remark                                                 Comment                             Condition
  EPS update type                                                                                                                                      
  EPS update type Value                               \'000\'B                                                     TA updating                         
  \"Active\" flag                                     \'0\'B                                                       No bearer establishment requested   
  NAS key set identifier                                                                                                                               
  NAS key set identifier                              the eKSI value for the current mapped EPS security context                                       
  TSC                                                 \'1\'B                                                       mapped security context             
  --------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------------------------- -----------

#### 6.2.3.4 Inter-RAT cell reselection / From NR RRC\_IDLE to E-UTRA\_IDLE (lower priority & higher priority, Squal based)

##### 6.2.3.4.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-54 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-113 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_Idle state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell re-selection criteria are met for the
cell which belongs to the lower priority inter-RAT E-UTRA cell }

**then** { UE reselects the cell which belongs to the lower priority
inter-RAT E-UTRA cell }

}

##### (2) {#section-114 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_Idle state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell re-selection criteria are met for the
cell which belongs to the higher priority inter-RAT E-UTRA cell }

**then** { UE reselects the cell which belongs to the higher priority
inter-RAT E-UTRA cell }

}

##### 6.2.3.4.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-54 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: 3GPP TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.1, 5.2.4.2 and 5.2.4.5.
Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.1\]

Absolute priorities of different NR frequencies or inter-RAT frequencies
may be provided to the UE in the system information, in the *RRCRelease*
message, or by inheriting from another RAT at inter-RAT cell
(re)selection. In the case of system information, an NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency may be listed without providing a priority (i.e. the
field *cellReselectionPriority* is absent for that frequency). If
priorities are provided in dedicated signalling, the UE shall ignore all
the priorities provided in system information. If UE is in *camped on
any cell* state, UE shall only apply the priorities provided by system
information from current cell, and the UE preserves priorities provided
by dedicated signalling and *deprioritisationReq* received in
*RRCRelease* unless specified otherwise. When the UE in camped normally
state, has only dedicated priorities other than for the current
frequency, the UE shall consider the current frequency to be the lowest
priority frequency (i.e. lower than any of the network configured
values).

The UE shall only perform cell reselection evaluation for NR frequencies
and inter-RAT frequencies that are given in system information and for
which the UE has a priority provided.

In case UE receives *RRCRelease* with *deprioritisationReq*, UE shall
consider current frequency and stored frequencies due to the previously
received *RRCRelease* with *deprioritisationReq* or all the frequencies
of NR to be the lowest priority frequency (i.e. lower than any of the
network configured values) while T325 is running irrespective of camped
RAT. The UE shall delete the stored deprioritisation request(s) when a
PLMN selection is performed on request by NAS (TS 23.122 \[9\]).

NOTE: UE should search for a higher priority layer for cell reselection
as soon as possible after the change of priority. The minimum related
performance requirements specified in TS 38.133 \[8\] are still
applicable.

The UE shall delete priorities provided by dedicated signalling when:

\- the UE enters a different RRC state; or

\- the optional validity time of dedicated priorities (T320) expires; or

\- a PLMN selection is performed on request by NAS (TS 23.122 \[9\]).

NOTE 2: Equal priorities between RATs are not supported.

The UE shall not consider any exclude-listed cells as candidate for cell
reselection.

The UE shall inherit the priorities provided by dedicated signalling and
the remaining validity time (i.e. T320 in NR and E-UTRA), if configured,
at inter-RAT cell (re)selection.

NOTE 3: The network may assign dedicated cell reselection priorities for
frequencies not configured by system information.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.1\]

Following rules are used by the UE to limit needed measurements:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~IntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~IntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform intra-frequency
measurements.

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform intra-frequency measurements.

\- The UE shall apply the following rules for NR inter-frequencies and
inter-RAT frequencies which are indicated in system information and for
which the UE has priority provided as defined in 5.2.4.1:

\- For a NR inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequency with a reselection
priority higher than the reselection priority of the current NR
frequency, the UE shall perform measurements of higher priority NR
inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequencies according to TS 38.133 \[8\].

\- For a NR inter-frequency with an equal or lower reselection priority
than the reselection priority of the current NR frequency and for
inter-RAT frequency with lower reselection priority than the reselection
priority of the current NR frequency:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform measurements of NR
inter-frequencies or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower
priority;

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform measurements of NR inter-frequencies
or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower priority according to TS
38.133 \[8\].

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.5\]

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is broadcast in system information and more
than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving
cell, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority NR or EUTRAN RAT/frequency fulfils Squal
\> Thresh~X,\ HighQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority NR frequency
or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \>
Thresh~X,\ HighP~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

\- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

Cell reselection to a cell on an equal priority NR frequency shall be
based on ranking for intra-frequency cell reselection as defined in
sub-clause 5.2.4.6.

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is broadcast in system information and more
than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving
cell, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Squal \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~ and a cell
of a lower priority NR or E-UTRAN RAT/ frequency fulfils Squal \>
Thresh~X,\ LowQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~.

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority NR frequency
or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Srxlev \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowP~ and a cell
of a lower priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \> Thresh~X,\ LowP~
during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

> \- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
> serving cell.

Cell reselection to a higher priority RAT/frequency shall take
precedence over a lower priority RAT/frequency if multiple cells of
different priorities fulfil the cell reselection criteria.

If more than one cell meets the above criteria, the UE shall reselect a
cell as follows:

\- If the highest-priority frequency is an NR frequency, the highest
ranked cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies)
meeting the criteria according to clause 5.2.4.6;

\- If the highest-priority frequency is from another RAT, the highest
ranked cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies)
meeting the criteria of that RAT.

##### 6.2.3.4.3 Test description {#test-description-53 .H6}

##### 6.2.3.4.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-53 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-39 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1 and E-UTRA Cell 1.

\- NR Cell 1 is configured to operate in FR1 bands as defined in TS
38.508-1 \[4\] clause 6.2.3.

\- System information combination NR-6 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[7\]
clause 4.4.3.1, and message contents defined in clause 4.6.1 and clause
4.6.2 with QBASED condition is used in NR cell.

\- System information combination 31 as defined in TS 36.508 \[7\]
clause 4.4.3.1, and message contents defined in clause 4.4.3.3 with
QBASED condition is used in E-UTRA cell.

##### UE: {#ue-49 .H6}

None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-52 .H6}

> With E-UTRA Cell 1 \"Serving cell\" and NR Cell 1 \"Non-suitable
> \"Off\" cell\" in accordance with TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 6.2.2.1-3,
> the UE is brought to state RRC\_IDLE using generic procedure
> parameters Connectivity (E-UTRA/EPC) and Unrestricted nr PDN (*On*) in
> accordance with the procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], clause
> 4.5.2. 4G-GUTI and eKSI are assigned and security context established.

The UE is switched-off.

With E-UTRA Cell 1 \"Non-suitable \"Off\" cell\" and NR Cell 1 \"Serving
cell\" in accordance with TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 6.2.2.1-3, the UE is
brought to state 1N-A, RRC\_IDLE Connectivity (NR), in accordance with
the procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.5.2.2-2. 5G-GUTI
and ngKSI are assigned and security context established.

##### 6.2.3.4.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-53 .H6}

Table 6.2.3.4.3.2-1 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the cell at various time instants
of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause. Configurations marked
\"T1\",\"T2\" and \"T3\" are applied at the points indicated in the Main
behaviour description in Table 6.2.3.4.3.2-3.

Table 6.2.3.4.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for NR Cell in conducted test environment

       Parameter               Unit        NR Cell 1   E-UTRA Cell 1   Remark
  ---- ----------------------- ----------- ----------- --------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  T1   Cell-specific RS EPRE   dBm/15kHz   \-          -80             The power level values are assigned to ensure UE reselected to E-UTRA Cell 1: both Squal ~ServingCell,\ NR\ Cell1~ \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~ and Squal~nonServingCell,\ E-UTRA\ Cell1~ \> Thresh~X,\ LowQ~
       SS/PBCH SSS EPRE        dBm/SCS     -95         \-              
       RSRQ                    dB          -21.20      -3.76           
       Qqualmin                dB          -25         -20             
       Noc~E-UTRA~             dBm/15kHz   \-          -95             
       Noc~NR~                 dBm/SCS     -85         \-              
  T2   Cell-specific RS EPRE   dBm/15kHz   \-          -95             The power level values are assigned to ensure UE reselected back to NR Cell 1: Squal ~nonServingCell,\ NR\ Cell1~ \> Thresh~X,\ HighQ~
       SS/PBCH SSS EPRE        dBm/SCS     -77         \-              
       RSRQ                    dB          -11.40      -11.46          
       Qqualmin                dB          -25         -20             
       Noc~E-UTRA~             dBm/15kHz   \-          -95             
       Noc~NR~                 dBm/SCS     -85         \-              
  T3   Cell-specific RS EPRE   dBm/15kHz   \-          -80             The power level values are assigned to ensure UE reselected to E-UTRA Cell 1: Squal ~nonServingCell,\ E-UTRA\ Cell1~ \> Thresh~X,\ HighQ~
       SS/PBCH SSS EPRE        dBm/SCS     -95         \-              
       RSRQ                    dB          -21.20      -3.76           
       Qqualmin                dB          -25         -20             
       Noc~E-UTRA~             dBm/15kHz   \-          -95             
       Noc~NR~                 dBm/SCS     -85         \-              

Table 6.2.3.4.3.2-2: Void

Table 6.2.3.4.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  St   Procedure                                                                                                                                                            Message Sequence   TP                                   Verdict   
  ---- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ------------------------------------ --------- ----
                                                                                                                                                                            U - S              Message                                        
  1    The SS changes SS/PBCH SSS EPRE level for NR Cell 1 and Cell-specific RS EPRE level for E-UTRA Cell 1 according to row \"T1\" in table 6.2.3.4.3.2-1.                \-                 \-                                   \-        \-
  2    Check: Does the test result of test steps 1 to 6 of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.7.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on E-UTRA Cell 1?   \-                 \-                                   1         \-
  3    The SS transmits an *RRCConnectionRelease* message to release RRC connection and move to RRC\_IDLE on E-UTRAN Cell 1.                                                \<\--              *E-UTRA RRC: RRCConnectionRelease*   \-        \-
  4    The SS changes SS/PBCH SSS EPRE level for NR Cell 1 and Cell-specific RS EPRE level for E-UTRA Cell 1 according to row \"T2\" in table 6.2.3.4.3.2-1.                \-                 \-                                   \-        \-
  5    The UE selects NR Cell 1 and performs the generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 Table 4.9.9.2.2-1 with condition \'*connected without release*\'.                    \-                 \-                                   \-        \-
  6    The SS transmits an *RRCRelease* message on NR Cell 1.                                                                                                               \<\--              *NR RRC: RRCRelease*                 \-        \-
  7    The SS changes the E-UTRA cell priority broadcast in system information on NR Cell 1.                                                                                \-                 \-                                   \-        \-
  8    Notify UE change of System Information on NR Cell 1.                                                                                                                 \<\--              *NR RRC: ShortMessage*               \-        \-
  9    Wait for 2.1\* modification period to allow the new system information to take effect.                                                                               \-                 \-                                   \-        \-
  10   The SS changes SS/PBCH SSS EPRE level for NR Cell 1 and Cell-specific RS EPRE level for E-UTRA Cell 1 according to row \"T3\" in table 6.2.3.4.3.2-1.                \-                 \-                                   \-        \-
  11   Check: Does the test result of test steps 1 to 6 of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.7.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on E-UTRA Cell 1?   \-                 \-                                   2         \-
  12   The SS transmits an *RRCConnectionRelease* message to release RRC connection and move to RRC\_IDLE on E-UTRAN Cell 1.                                                \<\--              *E-UTRA RRC: RRCConnectionRelease*   \-        \-

##### 6.2.3.4.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-51 .H6}

Table 6.2.3.4.3.3-1: *SIB1* for NR Cell 1 (preamble and all steps, Table
6.2.3.4.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                            
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/Remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                           
  cellSelectionInfo SEQUENCE {                                                  
  q-QualMin                                            -25                      
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             

Table 6.2.3.4.3.3-2: *SIB2* for NR Cell 1 (preamble and all steps, Table
6.2.3.4.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/Remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB2 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {                                    
  threshServingLowQ                                   9                        
  }                                                                            

Table 6.2.3.4.3.3-3: *SIB5* NR Cell 1 (preamble, Table 6.2.3.4.3.2-3)

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-4                                                                                      
  Information Element                                                                Value/remark                              Comment   Condition
  SIB5 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                    
  carrierFreqListEUTRA SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxEUTRA-Carrier)) OF CarrierFreqEUTRA {   1 entry                                             
  CarrierFreqEUTRA\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                             entry 1   
  carrierFreq                                                                        Downlink E-UTRA ARFCN for E-UTRA Cell 1             
  threshX-Q SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                   
  threshX-HighQ                                                                      20                                                  
  threshX-LowQ                                                                       10                                                  
  }                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                      
  t-ReselectionEUTRA                                                                 7                                                   
  }                                                                                                                                      
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.2.3.4.3.3-4: *SystemInformationBlockType1* for E-UTRA Cell 1
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.2.3.4.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 36.508-1 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.2-3                            
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/Remark   Comment   Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                     
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                
  cellSelectionInfo-v920 SEQUENCE {                                              
  q-QualMin-r9                                          -20                      
  }                                                                              
  }                                                                              
  }                                                                              
  }                                                                              

Table 6.2.3.4.3.3-5: S*ystemInformationBlockType3* for E-UTRA Cell 1
preamble and all steps, Table 6.2.3.4.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.3-2                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/Remark   Comment   Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType3 ::= SEQUENCE {                                   
  lateNonCriticalExtension {                                                   
  q-QualMin-r9                                        -20                      
  threshServingLowQ-r9                                26                       
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            

Table 6.2.3.4.3.3-6: *SystemInformationBlockType24* for E-UTRA Cell 1
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.2.3.4.3.2-3)

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.3-20                                                                             
  Information Element                                                         Value/remark                             Comment   Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType24-r15 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                
  carrierFreqListNR-r15 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF CarrierFreqNR-r15 {   1 entry                                            
  CarrierFreqNR-r15\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                    entry 1   
  carrierFreq-r15                                                             Downlink NR ARFCN of SSB for NR Cell 1             
  cellReselectionPriority-r15                                                 5                                                  
  threshX-Q-r15 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                       
  threshX-HighQ-r15                                                           10                                                 
  threshX-LowQ-r15                                                            20                                                 
  }                                                                                                                              
  q-QualMin-r15                                                               -25                                                
  }                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                              
  t-ReselectionNR-r15                                                         7                                                  
  }                                                                                                                              
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.2.3.4.3.3-7: *SIB5* NR Cell 1 (step 7, Table 6.2.3.4.3.2-3)

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-4                                                                                      
  Information Element                                                                Value/remark                              Comment   Condition
  SIB5 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                    
  carrierFreqListEUTRA SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxEUTRA-Carrier)) OF CarrierFreqEUTRA {   1 entry                                             
  CarrierFreqEUTRA\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                             entry 1   
  carrierFreq                                                                        Downlink E-UTRA ARFCN for E-UTRA Cell 1             
  cellReselectionPriority                                                            5                                                   
  q-QualMin                                                                          -20                                                 
  threshX-Q SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                   
  threshX-HighQ                                                                      12                                                  
  threshX-LowQ                                                                       20                                                  
  }                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                      
  t-ReselectionEUTRA                                                                 7                                                   
  }                                                                                                                                      
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.2.3.4.3.3-8: *SIB1 of NR Cell 1 (step 9, Table* 6.2.3.4.3.2-3*)*

  ---------------------------------------------------- ------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                 
  Information Element                                  Value/remark        Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                
  cellSelectionInfo SEQUENCE {                                                       
  q-QualMin                                            -25                           
  }                                                                                  
  si-SchedulingInfo                                    SI-SchedulingInfo             
  }                                                                                  
  ---------------------------------------------------- ------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.2.3.4.3.3-9: SI-SchedulingInfo (si-SchedulingInfo in Table
6.2.3.4.3.3-8)

  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.3-173                                                 
  Information Element                                                        Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SI-SchedulingInfo ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                    
  schedulingInfoList SEQUENCE (SIZE(1..maxSI-Message)) OF SchedulingInfo {   1 entry                  
  SchedulingInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                            entry 1   
  sib-MappingInfo SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSIB)) OF SIB-TypeInfo {              1 entry                  
  SIB-TypeInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                              entry 1   
  type                                                                       sibType5                 
  valueTag                                                                   1                        
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.2.3.4.3.3-10: REGISTRATION REQUEST (Step 5, Table 6.2.3.4.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.7.1-6.                                                                       
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- ---------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark                           Comment                      Condition
  EPS NAS message container                            TRACKING AREA UPDATE REQUEST message   *See* Table 6.2.3.4.3.3-11   

Table 6.2.3.4.3.3-11: TRACKING AREA UPDATE REQUEST (Table
6.2.3.4.3.3-10)

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.9.9.2.3-2 with condition Mapped EPS security context
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

#### 6.2.3.5 Inter-RAT cell reselection / From NR RRC\_IDLE to E-UTRA\_IDLE according to RAT priority provided by dedicated signalling (RRCRelease)

##### 6.2.3.5.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-55 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-115 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state having received an RRCRelease
message including cellReselectionPriorities }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell re-selection criteria are met for the
cell which belongs to the higher priority RAT }

**then** { UE reselects the cell which belongs to the higher priority
RAT }

}

}

##### (2) {#section-116 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state having received an RRCRelease
message including a cellReselectionPriorities }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell re-selection criteria are met for the
cell which belongs to the lower priority RAT }

**then** { UE reselects the cell which belongs to the lower priority RAT
}

}

}

##### (3) {#section-117 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state having received an RRCRelease
message including a cellReselectionPriorities }

**ensure that** {

**when** { T320 expires }

**then** { UE reselects a cell by applying the cellReselectionPriority
broadcast in the system information }

}

}

##### (4) {#section-118 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state and reselection priorities have been
provided in dedicated signalling }

**ensure that** {

**when** { T320 has not expired }

**then** { The UE shall ignore all the priorities provided in system
information, and not perform cell reselection evaluation for NR
frequencies and E-UTRA frequencies for which the UE doesn't have a
priority provided }

}

}

##### 6.2.3.5.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-55 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: 3GPP TS 38.304: clause 5.2.4.1 and 5.2.4.5, 3GPP TS
38.331:clause 5.3.8.3 and 5.3.8.4. Unless otherwise stated these are
Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.1\]

Absolute priorities of different NR frequencies or inter-RAT frequencies
may be provided to the UE in the system information, in the *RRCRelease*
message, or by inheriting from another RAT at inter-RAT cell
(re)selection. In the case of system information, an NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency may be listed without providing a priority (i.e. the
field *cellReselectionPriority* is absent for that frequency). If
priorities are provided in dedicated signalling, the UE shall ignore all
the priorities provided in system information. If UE is in *camped on
any cell* state, UE shall only apply the priorities provided by system
information from current cell, and the UE preserves priorities provided
by dedicated signalling and *deprioritisationReq* received in
*RRCRelease* unless specified otherwise. When the UE in camped normally
state, has only dedicated priorities other than for the current
frequency, the UE shall consider the current frequency to be the lowest
priority frequency (i.e. lower than any of the network configured
values).

The UE shall only perform cell reselection evaluation for NR frequencies
and inter-RAT frequencies that are given in system information and for
which the UE has a priority provided.

In case UE receives *RRCRelease* with *deprioritisationReq*, UE shall
consider current frequency and stored frequencies due to the previously
received *RRCRelease* with *deprioritisationReq* or all the frequencies
of NR to be the lowest priority frequency (i.e. lower than any of the
network configured values) while T325 is running irrespective of camped
RAT. The UE shall delete the stored deprioritisation request(s) when a
PLMN selection is performed on request by NAS (TS 23.122 \[9\]).

NOTE: UE should search for a higher priority layer for cell reselection
as soon as possible after the change of priority. The minimum related
performance requirements specified in TS 38.133 \[8\] are still
applicable.

The UE shall delete priorities provided by dedicated signalling when:

\- the UE enters a different RRC state; or

\- the optional validity time of dedicated priorities (T320) expires; or

\- a PLMN selection is performed on request by NAS (TS 23.122 \[9\]).

NOTE 2: Equal priorities between RATs are not supported.

The UE shall not consider any exclude-listed cells as candidate for cell
reselection.

The UE shall inherit the priorities provided by dedicated signalling and
the remaining validity time (i.e. T320 in NR and E-UTRA), if configured,
at inter-RAT cell (re)selection.

NOTE 3: The network may assign dedicated cell reselection priorities for
frequencies not configured by system information.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.2\]

Following rules are used by the UE to limit needed measurements:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~IntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~IntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform intra-frequency
measurements.

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform intra-frequency measurements.

\- The UE shall apply the following rules for NR inter-frequencies and
inter-RAT frequencies which are indicated in system information and for
which the UE has priority provided as defined in 5.2.4.1:

\- For a NR inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequency with a reselection
priority higher than the reselection priority of the current NR
frequency, the UE shall perform measurements of higher priority NR
inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequencies according to TS 38.133 \[8\].

\- For a NR inter-frequency with an equal or lower reselection priority
than the reselection priority of the current NR frequency and for
inter-RAT frequency with lower reselection priority than the reselection
priority of the current NR frequency:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform measurements of NR
inter-frequencies or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower
priority;

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform measurements of NR inter-frequencies
or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower priority according to TS
38.133 \[8\].

\[TS 38.331, clause 5.3.8.3\]

The UE shall:

1\> delay the following actions defined in this sub-clause 60 ms from
the moment the *RRCRelease* message was received or optionally when
lower layers indicate that the receipt of the *RRCRelease* message has
been successfully acknowledged, whichever is earlier;

1\> stop timer T380, if running;

1\> stop timer T320, if running;

1\> if T390 is running:

2\> stop timer T390 for all access categories;

2\> perform the actions as specified in 5.3.14.4;

1\> if the AS security is not activated, perform the actions upon going
to RRC\_IDLE as specified in 5.3.11 with the release cause \'other\'
upon which the procedure ends;

1\> if the *RRCRelease* message includes *redirectedCarrierInfo*
indicating redirection to *eutra*:

2\> if *cnType* is included:

3\> after the cell selection, indicate the available CN Type(s) and the
received *cnType* to upper layers;

NOTE: Handling the case if the E-UTRA cell selected after the
redirection does not support the core network type specified by the
*cnType,* is up to UE implementation.

1\> if the *RRCRelease* message includes the
*cellReselectionPriorities*:

2\> store the cell reselection priority information provided by the
*cellReselectionPriorities*;

2\> if the *t320* is included:

3\> start timer T320, with the timer value set according to the value of
*t320*;

1\> else:

2\> apply the cell reselection priority information broadcast in the
system information;

1\> if *deprioritisationReq* is included:

2\> start or restart timer T325 with the timer value set to the
*deprioritisationTimer* signalled;

2\> store the *deprioritisationReq* until T325 expiry;

1\> if the *RRCRelease* includes *suspendConfig*:

2\> apply the received *suspendConfig*;

2\> reset MAC and release the default MAC Cell Group configuration, if
any;

2\> re-establish RLC entities for SRB1;

2\> if the *RRCRelease* message with *suspendConfig* was received in
response to an *RRCResumeRequest* or an *RRCResumeRequest1*:

3\> stop the timer T319 if running;

3\> in the stored UE Inactive AS context:

4\> replace the K~gNB~ and K~RRCint~ keys with the current K~gNB~ and
K~RRCint~ keys;

4\> replace the C-RNTI with the temporary C-RNTI in the cell the UE has
received the *RRCRelease* message;

4\> replace the *cellIdentity* with the *cellIdentity* of the cell the
UE has received the *RRCRelease* message;

4\> replace the physical cell identity with the physical cell identity
of the cell the UE has received the *RRCRelease* message;

4\> replace the *suspendConfig* with the current *suspendConfig*;

2\> else:

3\> store in the UE Inactive AS Context the configured *suspendConfig*,
the current K~gNB~ and K~RRCint~ keys, the ROHC state, the C-RNTI used
in the source PCell, the *cellIdentity* and the physical cell identity
of the source PCell, and all other parameters configured except with
*ReconfigurationWithSync*;

2\> suspend all SRB(s) and DRB(s), except SRB0;

2\> indicate PDCP suspend to lower layers of all DRBs;

2\> if the *t380* is included:

3\> start timer T380, with the timer value set to *t380*;

2\> if the *RRCRelease* message is including the *waitTime*:

3\> start timer T302 with the value set to the *waitTime*;

3\> inform the upper layer that access barring is applicable for all
access categories except categories \'0\' and \'2\';

2\> indicate the suspension of the RRC connection to upper layers;

2\> enter RRC\_INACTIVE and perform cell selection as specified in TS
38.304 \[20\];

1\> else

2\> perform the actions upon going to RRC\_IDLE as specified in 5.3.11,
with the release cause \'other\'.

\[TS 38.331, clause 5.3.8.4\]

The UE shall:

1\> if T320 expires:

2\> if stored, discard the cell reselection priority information
provided by the *cellReselectionPriorities* or inherited from another
RAT;

2\> apply the cell reselection priority information broadcast in the
system information.

##### 6.2.3.5.3 Test description {#test-description-54 .H6}

##### 6.2.3.5.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-54 .H6}

System Simulator:

\- NR Cell 1, E-UTRA Cell 1 is inter-RAT cell.

\- NR Cell 1 is configured to operate in FR1 bands as defined in TS
38.508-1 \[4\] clause 6.2.3.

\- System information combination NR-6 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR Cell.

\- System information combination 31 as defined in TS 36.508-1 \[18\]
clause 4.4.3.1 is used in E-UTRA Cell.

##### UE: {#ue-50 .H6}

None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-53 .H6}

\- With E-UTRA Cell 1 \"Serving cell\" and NR Cell 1 \"Non-suitable
\"Off\" cell\" in accordance with TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 6.2.2.1-3,
the UE is brought to state RRC\_IDLE using generic procedure parameters
Connectivity (E-UTRA/EPC) and Unrestricted nr PDN (*On*) in accordance
with the procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], clause 4.5.2. 4G GUTI
and eKSI are assigned and security context established.

\- the UE is switched-off.

\- With E-UTRA Cell 1 \"Non-suitable \"Off\" cell\" and NR Cell 1
\"Serving cell\" in accordance with TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 6.2.2.1-3,
the UE is brought to state 3N-A, RRC\_CONNECTED Connectivity (NR), in
accordance with the procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table
4.5.4.2-3. 5G-GUTI and ngKSI are assigned and security context
established.

##### 6.2.3.5.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-54 .H6}

Table 6.2.3.5.3.2-1 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the cell at various time instants
of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause. Row marked \"T0\"
denotes the conditions in the preamble. Configurations marked \"T1\",
\"T2\" and so on are applied at the points indicated in the Main
behaviour description in Table 6.1.3.5.3.2-3.

Table 6.2.3.5.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for E-UTRA cell 1 and NR cell 1 in conducted test environment

+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | **Pa      | **Unit**  | NR        | *         | *         |
|    | rameter** |           |           | *E-UTRA** | *Remark** |
|    |           |           | **Cell    |           |           |
|    |           |           | 1**       | **Cell    |           |
|    |           |           |           | 1**       |           |
+====+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+
| T0 | Cell      | dBm/15kHz | \-        | OFF       | The power |
|    | -specific |           |           |           | level     |
|    | RS EPRE   |           |           |           | values    |
|    |           |           |           |           | are       |
|    |           |           |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |           |           |           | to        |
|    |           |           |           |           | satisfy   |
|    |           |           |           |           | Srxlev    |
|    |           |           |           |           | ~NR\      |
|    |           |           |           |           |  Cell\ 1~ |
|    |           |           |           |           | \> 0 and  |
|    |           |           |           |           | Srxle     |
|    |           |           |           |           | v~E-UTRA\ |
|    |           |           |           |           |  Cell\ 1~ |
|    |           |           |           |           | \< 0. And |
|    |           |           |           |           | UE        |
|    |           |           |           |           | camping   |
|    |           |           |           |           | on NR     |
|    |           |           |           |           | Cell 1 is |
|    |           |           |           |           | gu        |
|    |           |           |           |           | aranteed. |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS   | -88       | \-        |           |
|    |           |           |           |           |           |
|    | SSS EPRE  |           |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T1 | Cell      | dBm/15kHz | \-        | -70       | The power |
|    | -specific |           |           |           | level     |
|    | RS EPRE   |           |           |           | values    |
|    |           |           |           |           | are       |
|    |           |           |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |           |           |           | to        |
|    |           |           |           |           | satisfy   |
|    |           |           |           |           | Srxle     |
|    |           |           |           |           | v~E-UTRA\ |
|    |           |           |           |           |  cell\ 1~ |
|    |           |           |           |           | \>        |
|    |           |           |           |           | Thresh    |
|    |           |           |           |           | ~x,high~. |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS   | -90       | \-        |           |
|    |           |           |           |           |           |
|    | SSS EPRE  |           |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T2 | Cell      | dBm/15kHz | \-        | -104      | The power |
|    | -specific |           |           |           | level     |
|    | RS EPRE   |           |           |           | values    |
|    |           |           |           |           | are such  |
|    |           |           |           |           | that      |
|    |           |           |           |           | camping   |
|    |           |           |           |           | on NR     |
|    |           |           |           |           | Cell 1 is |
|    |           |           |           |           | gu        |
|    |           |           |           |           | aranteed. |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS   | -78       | \-        |           |
|    |           |           |           |           |           |
|    | SSS EPRE  |           |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T3 | Cell      | dBm/15kHz | \-        | -88       | The power |
|    | -specific |           |           |           | level     |
|    | RS EPRE   |           |           |           | values    |
|    |           |           |           |           | are       |
|    |           |           |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |           |           |           | to        |
|    |           |           |           |           | satisfy   |
|    |           |           |           |           | both      |
|    |           |           |           |           | S         |
|    |           |           |           |           | rxlev~NR\ |
|    |           |           |           |           |  Cell\ 1~ |
|    |           |           |           |           | \<        |
|    |           |           |           |           | Thres     |
|    |           |           |           |           | hserving, |
|    |           |           |           |           | low and   |
|    |           |           |           |           | Srxle     |
|    |           |           |           |           | v~E-UTRA\ |
|    |           |           |           |           |  Cell\ 1~ |
|    |           |           |           |           | \>        |
|    |           |           |           |           | Thresh~   |
|    |           |           |           |           | x,\ low~. |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS   | -104      | \-        |           |
|    |           |           |           |           |           |
|    | SSS EPRE  |           |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T4 | Cell      | dBm/15kHz | \-        | -104      | The power |
|    | -specific |           |           |           | level     |
|    | RS EPRE   |           |           |           | values    |
|    |           |           |           |           | are such  |
|    |           |           |           |           | that      |
|    |           |           |           |           | camping   |
|    |           |           |           |           | on NR     |
|    |           |           |           |           | Cell 1 is |
|    |           |           |           |           | gu        |
|    |           |           |           |           | aranteed. |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS   | -78       | \-        |           |
|    |           |           |           |           |           |
|    | SSS EPRE  |           |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T5 | Cell      | dBm/15kHz | \-        | -70       | The power |
|    | -specific |           |           |           | level     |
|    | RS EPRE   |           |           |           | values    |
|    |           |           |           |           | are       |
|    |           |           |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |           |           |           | to        |
|    |           |           |           |           | satisfy   |
|    |           |           |           |           | S         |
|    |           |           |           |           | rxlev~NR\ |
|    |           |           |           |           |  cell\ 1~ |
|    |           |           |           |           | \>        |
|    |           |           |           |           | Thr       |
|    |           |           |           |           | esh~servi |
|    |           |           |           |           | ng,\ low~ |
|    |           |           |           |           | and       |
|    |           |           |           |           | Srxle     |
|    |           |           |           |           | v~E-UTRA\ |
|    |           |           |           |           |  cell\ 1~ |
|    |           |           |           |           | \>        |
|    |           |           |           |           | Thresh    |
|    |           |           |           |           | ~x,high~. |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS   | -90       | \-        |           |
|    |           |           |           |           |           |
|    | SSS EPRE  |           |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+

Table 6.2.3.5.3.2-2: Void

Table 6.2.3.5.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  St   Procedure                                                                                                                                           Message Sequence   TP                Verdict   
  ---- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ----------------- --------- ----
                                                                                                                                                           U - S              Message                     
  1    The SS transmits RRCRelease message including cellReselectionPriorities on NR Cell 1.                                                               \-                 NR:*RRCRelease*   \-        \-
  2    The SS adjusts the NR and E-UTRAN Cell power levels according to row \"T1\" in table 6.2.3.5.3.2-1.                                                 \-                 \-                \-        \-
  3    Check: Does the UE transmit an RRC CONNECTION REQUEST on E-UTRA Cell 1 within the next 30 Seconds?                                                  \-                 \-                4         F
  4    The test steps 1 to 8 of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.5.4.2-3 are performed on NR Cell 1.                                    \-                 \-                \-        \-
  5    The SS transmits RRCRelease message including cellReselectionPriorities on NR Cell 1.                                                               \<\--              NR:*RRCRelease*   \-        \-
  6    Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.7.2.2-1 is performed and the UE is camped on E-UTRAN Cell 1?   \-                 \-                1         \-
  7    The SS adjusts the NR and E-UTRAN Cell power levels according to row \"T2\" in table 6.2.3.5.3.2-1.                                                 \-                 *-*               \-        \-
  8    Generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.9.2.2-1 take place and the UE is camped on NR Cell 1.                                         \-                 \-                \-        \-
  9    The SS adjusts the NR and E-UTRAN Cell power levels according to row \"T3\" in table 6.2.3.5.3.2-1.                                                 \-                 *-*               \-        \-
  10   The SS transmits RRCRelease message including cellReselectionPriorities on NR Cell 1.                                                               \<\--              NR:*RRCRelease*   \-        \-
  11   Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.7.2.2-1 is performed and the UE is camped on E-UTRAN Cell 1?   \-                 \-                2         \-
  12   The SS adjusts the NR and E-UTRAN Cell power levels according to row \"T4\" in table 6.2.3.5.3.2-1.                                                 \-                 *-*               \-        \-
  13   Generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.9.2.2-1 take place and the UE is camped on NR Cell 1.                                         \-                 \-                \-        \-
  14   The SS transmits RRCRelease message including cellReselectionPriorities on NR Cell 1.                                                               \<\--              NR:*RRCRelease*   \-        \-
  15   The SS adjusts the NR and E-UTRAN Cell power levels according to row \"T5\" in table 6.2.3.5.3.2-1.                                                 \-                 \-                \-        \-
  16   Wait for 5 minutes from step 17 to ensure that T320 expires.                                                                                        \-                 \-                \-        \-
  17   Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.7.2.2-1 is performed and the UE is camped on E-UTRAN Cell 1?   \-                 \-                3         \-

##### 6.2.3.5.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-52 .H6}

Table 6.2.3.5.3.3-1: *SIB2* of NR Cell 1(preamble and all steps, Table
6.2.3.5.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB2 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {                                    
  threshServingLowP                                   5              10dB      
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            

Table 6.2.3.5.3.3-2: *SIB5* of NR Cell 1(preamble and all steps, Table
6.2.3.5.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-4                                                                                      
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------- ----------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                Value/remark                            Comment     Condition
  SIB5 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                    
  carrierFreqListEUTRA SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxEUTRA-Carrier)) OF CarrierFreqEUTRA {   1 entry                                             
  CarrierFreqEUTRA\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                           entry 1     
  carrierFreq                                                                        Downlink EARFCN as E-UTRA Cell 1 used               
  cellReselectionPriority                                                            5                                                   
  threshX-High                                                                       13                                      26 dB       
  threshX-Low                                                                        5                                       10 dB       
  }                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                      
  t-ReselectionEUTRA                                                                 7                                       7 Seconds   
  }                                                                                                                                      

Table 6.2.3.5.3.3-3: *SystemInformationBlockType3* for EUTRA Cell 1
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.2.3.5.3.2-3)

  ------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.2                            
  Information Element                               Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType3 ::= SEQUENCE {                                 
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {                                  
  threshServingLow                                  5              10dB      
  }                                                                          
  }                                                                          
  ------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.2.3.5.3.3-4: *SystemInformationBlockType24* for EUTRA Cell 1
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.2.3.5.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.3-20                                                                                      
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- ----------- -----------
  Information Element                                                         Value/Remark                                    Comment     Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType24-r15 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  carrierFreqListNR-r15 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF CarrierFreqNR-r15 {   1 entry                                                     
  CarrierFreqNR-r15\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                           entry 1     
  carrierFreq-r15                                                             Same downlink SSB ARFCN as used for NR Cell 1               
  cellReselectionPriority-r15                                                 3                                                           
  threshX-High-r15                                                            20                                              40dB        
  threshX-Low-r15                                                             10                                              20dB        
  }                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                       
  t-ReselectionNR-r15                                                         7                                               7 Seconds   
  }                                                                                                                                       

Table 6.2.3.5.3.3-5 *RRCRelease* (step1, Table 6.2.3.5.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-16                                                                        
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------- -----------
  Information Element                                                         Value/remark                      Comment     Condition
  RRCRelease ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                 
  criticalExtensions CHOICE {                                                                                               
  rrcRelease SEQUENCE {                                                                                                     
  cellReselection Priorities SEQUENCE {                                                                                     
  freqPriorityListEUTRA                                                       Not present                                   Step1
  freqPriorityListEUTRA SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF FreqPriorityEUTRA {   1 entry                                       
  FreqPriorityListEUTRA\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                         entry 1     
  carrierFreq                                                                 Downlink ARFCN of E-UTRA Cell 1               
  cellReselectionPriority                                                     5                                             Step5
                                                                              3                                             Step10
                                                                              3                                             Step14
  }                                                                                                                         
  }                                                                                                                         
  freqPriorityListNR SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF FreqPriorityNR {         1 entry                                       
  FreqPriorityNR\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                entry 1     
  carrierFreq                                                                 Downlink SSB ARFCN of NR Cell 1               
  cellReselectionPriority                                                     4                                             Step1
                                                                              4                                             Step5
                                                                              4                                             Step10
                                                                              4                                             Step14
  }                                                                                                                         
  }                                                                                                                         
  t320                                                                        Not present                                   Step1
                                                                              Not present                                   Step5
                                                                              Not present                                   Step10
                                                                              min5                              5 minutes   Step14
  }                                                                                                                         
  }                                                                                                                         
  }                                                                                                                         
  }                                                                                                                         

Table 6.2.3.5.3.3-6: REGISTRATION REQUEST (Step 8 and Step13, Table
6.2.3.5.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.7.1-6.                                                                      
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- --------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark                           Comment                     Condition
  EPS NAS message container                            TRACKING AREA UPDATE REQUEST message   *See* Table 6.2.3.5.3.3-7   

Table 6.2.3.5.3.3-7: TRACKING AREA UPDATE REQUEST (Table 6.2.3.5.3.3-6)

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.9.9.2.3-2 with condition Mapped EPS security context
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

#### 6.2.3.6 Inter-RAT cell reselection / From E-UTRA\_IDLE to NR RRC\_IDLE according to RAT priority provided by dedicated signalling (RRConnRelease)

##### 6.2.3.6.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-56 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-119 .H6}

**with** { UE in E-UTRA RRC\_Idle state having received
*RRCConnectionRelease* including *IdleModeMobilityControlInfo*
containing *cellReselectionPriority* for NR cell}

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell re-selection criteria are met for the
cell which belongs to the lower priority inter-RAT NR cell based on the
configured RAT priority provided by dedicated signaling}

**then** { UE reselects the cell which belongs to the lower priority
inter-RAT NR cell}

}

##### (2) {#section-120 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state having inherit RAT priority provided
by dedicated signaling with the remaining validity time}

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE discard the inherit RAT priority upon connection
establishment}

**then** { UE reselects a cell by applying the cellReselectionPriority
broadcast in the system information}

##### 6.2.3.6.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-56 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: 3GPP TS 36.304, clause 5.2.4.1, and 3GPP TS 38.304, clause
5.2.4.1. Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 36.304, clause 5.2.4.1\]

Absolute priorities of different E-UTRAN frequencies or inter-RAT
frequencies may be provided to the UE in the system information, in the
*RRCConnectionRelease* message, or by inheriting from another RAT at
inter-RAT cell (re)selection. In the case of system information, an
E-UTRAN frequency or inter-RAT frequency may be listed without providing
a priority (i.e. the field *cellReselectionPriority* is absent for that
frequency). If priorities are provided in dedicated signalling, the UE
shall ignore all the priorities provided in system information. If UE is
in *camped on any cell* state, UE shall only apply the priorities
provided by system information from current cell, and the UE preserves
priorities provided by dedicated signalling and *deprioritisationReq*
received in *RRCConnectionReject* unless specified otherwise. When the
UE in *camped normally* state, has only dedicated priorities other than
for the current frequency, the UE shall consider the current frequency
to be the lowest priority frequency (i.e. lower than any of the network
configured values). While the UE is camped on a suitable CSG cell in
normal coverage, the UE shall always consider the current frequency to
be the highest priority frequency (i.e. higher than any of the network
configured values), irrespective of any other priority value allocated
to this frequency. When the HSDN capable UE is in High-mobility state,
the UE shall always consider the HSDN cells to be the highest priority
(i.e. higher than any other network configured priorities). When the
HSDN capable UE is not in High-mobility state, the UE shall always
consider HSDN cells to be the lowest priority (i.e. lower than network
configured priorities). If the UE capable of sidelink communication is
configured to perform sidelink communication and can only perform the
sidelink communication while camping on a frequency, the UE may consider
that frequency to be the highest priority. If the UE capable of V2X
sidelink communication is configured to perform V2X sidelink
communication and can only perform the V2X sidelink communication while
camping on a frequency, the UE may consider that frequency to be the
highest priority. If the UE capable of V2X sidelink communication is
configured to perform V2X sidelink communication and can only use
pre-configuration while not camping on a frequency, the UE may consider
the frequency providing inter-carrier V2X sidelink configuration to be
the highest priority. If the UE capable of sidelink discovery is
configured to perform Public Safety related sidelink discovery and can
only perform the Public Safety related sidelink discovery while camping
on a frequency, the UE may consider that frequency to be the highest
priority.

NOTE 1: The prioritization among the frequencies which UE considers to
be the highest priority frequency is left to UE implementation.

If the UE is capable either of MBMS Service Continuity or of SC-PTM
reception and is receiving or interested to receive an MBMS service and
can only receive this MBMS service while camping on a frequency on which
it is provided, the UE may consider that frequency to be the highest
priority during the MBMS session TS 36.300 \[2\] as long as the two
following conditions are fulfilled:

1\) Either:

\- the UE is capable of MBMS service continuity and the reselected cell
is broadcasting SIB13; or

\- the UE is capable of SC-PTM reception and the reselected cell is
broadcasting SIB20;

2\) Either:

\- SIB15 of the serving cell indicates for that frequency one or more
MBMS SAIs included and associated with that frequency in the MBMS User
Service Description (USD) TS 26.346 \[22\] of this service; or

\- SIB15 is not broadcast in the serving cell and that frequency is
included in the USD of this service.

If the UE is capable either of MBMS Service Continuity or of SC-PTM
reception and is receiving or interested to receive an MBMS service
provided on a downlink only MBMS frequency, on a frequency used by
dedicated MBMS cells, on a frequency used by FeMBMS/Unicast-mixed cells
as defined in TS 36.300 \[2\], or on a frequency belonging to PLMN
different from its registered PLMN, the UE may consider cell reselection
candidate frequencies at which it can not receive the MBMS service to be
of the lowest priority during the MBMS session TS 36.300 \[2\], as long
as the above mentioned condition 1) is fulfilled for the cell on the
MBMS frequency which the UE monitors or this cell broadcasts SIB1-MBMS
and as long as the above mentioned condition 2) is fulfilled for the
serving cell.

NOTE 2: Example scenarios in which the previous down-prioritisation may
be needed concerns the cases where camping is not possible, while the UE
can only receive this MBMS frequency when camping on a subset of cell
reselection candidate frequencies, e.g. the MBMS frequency is a downlink
only carrier, the MBMS frequency is used by dedicated MBMS cells, the
MBMS frequency is used by FeMBMS/Unicast-mixed cells TS 36.300 \[2\], or
the MBMS frequency belongs to a PLMN different from UE\'s registered
PLMN.

If the UE is not capable of MBMS Service Continuity but has knowledge on
which frequency an MBMS service of interest is provided, it may consider
that frequency to be the highest priority during the MBMS session TS
36.300 \[2\] as long as the reselected cell is broadcasting SIB13.

If the UE is not capable of MBMS Service Continuity but has knowledge on
which downlink only frequency, on which frequency used by dedicated MBMS
cells, on which frequency used by FeMBMS/Unicast-mixed cells as defined
in TS 36.300 \[2\] or on which frequency belonging to PLMN different
from its registered PLMN an MBMS service of interest is provided, it may
consider cell reselection candidate frequencies at which it can not
receive the MBMS service to be of the lowest priority during the MBMS
session TS 36.300 \[2\] as long as the cell on the MBMS frequency which
the UE monitors is broadcasting SIB13 or SIB1-MBMS.

> NOTE 3: The UE considers that the MBMS session is ongoing using the
> session start and end times as provided by upper layers in the USD
> i.e. the UE does not verify if the session is indicated on MCCH.

In case UE receives *RRCConnectionReject* with *deprioritisationReq*, UE
shall consider current carrier frequency and stored frequencies due to
the previously received *RRCConnectionReject* with *deprioritisationReq*
or all the frequencies of EUTRA to be the lowest priority frequency
(i.e. lower than any of the network configured values) while T325 is
running irrespective of camped RAT. The UE shall delete the stored
deprioritisation request(s) when a PLMN selection is performed on
request by NAS TS 23.122 \[5\].

NOTE 4: Connecting to CDMA2000 does not imply PLMN selection.

NOTE 5: UE should search for a higher priority layer for cell
reselection as soon as possible after the change of priority. The
minimum related performance requirements specified in TS 36.133 \[10\]
are still applicable.

The UE shall delete priorities provided by dedicated signalling when:

\- the UE enters a different RRC state; or

\- the optional validity time of dedicated priorities (T320) expires; or

\- a PLMN selection is performed on request by NAS TS 23.122 \[5\].

NOTE 6: Equal priorities between RATs are not supported.

The UE shall only perform cell reselection evaluation for E-UTRAN
frequencies and inter-RAT frequencies that are given in system
information and for which the UE has a priority provided.

The UE shall not consider any exclude-listed cells as candidate for cell
reselection.

The UE shall inherit the priorities provided by dedicated signalling and
the remaining validity time (i.e., T320 in E-UTRA and NR, T322 in UTRA
and T3230 in GERAN), if configured, at inter-RAT cell (re)selection.

NOTE 7: The network may assign dedicated cell reselection priorities for
frequencies not configured by system information.

While T360 is running, redistribution target is considered to be the
highest priority (i.e. higher than any of the network configured
values). UE shall continue to consider the serving frequency as the
highest priority until completion of E-UTRAN Inter-frequency
Redistribution procedure specified in 5.2.4.10 if triggered on T360
expiry/ stop.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.1\]

Absolute priorities of different NR frequencies or inter-RAT frequencies
may be provided to the UE in the system information, in the *RRCRelease*
message, or by inheriting from another RAT at inter-RAT cell
(re)selection. In the case of system information, an NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency may be listed without providing a priority (i.e. the
field *cellReselectionPriority* is absent for that frequency). If
priorities are provided in dedicated signalling, the UE shall ignore all
the priorities provided in system information. If UE is in *camped on
any cell* state, UE shall only apply the priorities provided by system
information from current cell, and the UE preserves priorities provided
by dedicated signalling and *deprioritisationReq* received in
*RRCRelease* unless specified otherwise. When the UE in camped normally
state, has only dedicated priorities other than for the current
frequency, the UE shall consider the current frequency to be the lowest
priority frequency (i.e. lower than any of the network configured
values).

The UE shall only perform cell reselection evaluation for NR frequencies
and inter-RAT frequencies that are given in system information and for
which the UE has a priority provided.

In case UE receives *RRCRelease* with *deprioritisationReq*, UE shall
consider current frequency and stored frequencies due to the previously
received *RRCRelease* with *deprioritisationReq* or all the frequencies
of NR to be the lowest priority frequency (i.e. lower than any of the
network configured values) while T325 is running irrespective of camped
RAT. The UE shall delete the stored deprioritisation request(s) when a
PLMN selection is performed on request by NAS (TS 23.122 \[9\]).

NOTE: UE should search for a higher priority layer for cell reselection
as soon as possible after the change of priority. The minimum related
performance requirements specified in TS 38.133 \[8\] are still
applicable.

The UE shall delete priorities provided by dedicated signalling when:

\- the UE enters a different RRC state; or

\- the optional validity time of dedicated priorities (T320) expires; or

\- a PLMN selection is performed on request by NAS (TS 23.122 \[9\]).

NOTE 2: Equal priorities between RATs are not supported.

The UE shall not consider any exclude-listed cells as candidate for cell
reselection.

The UE shall inherit the priorities provided by dedicated signalling and
the remaining validity time (i.e. T320 in NR and E-UTRA), if configured,
at inter-RAT cell (re)selection.

NOTE 3: The network may assign dedicated cell reselection priorities for
frequencies not configured by system information.

##### 6.2.3.6.3 Test description {#test-description-55 .H6}

##### 6.2.3.6.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-55 .H6}

System Simulator:

\- E-UTRA Cell 1, NR Cell 1 is different priority inter-RAT NR cell.

\- NR Cell 1 is configured to operate in FR1 bands as defined in TS
38.508-1 \[4\] clause 6.2.3.

\- System information combination 31 as defined in TS 36.508-1 \[7\]
clause 4.4.3.1 is used in E-UTRA Cell.

\- System information combination NR-6 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR Cell.

##### UE: {#ue-51 .H6}

\- None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-54 .H6}

\- With E-UTRA Cell 1 \"Non-suitable \"Off\" cell\" and NR Cell 1
\"Serving cell\" in accordance with TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 6.2.2.1-3,
the UE is brought to state 1N-A, RRC\_IDLE Connectivity (NR), in
accordance with the procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table
4.5.2.2-2. 5G-GUTI and ngKSI are assigned and security context
established.

\- the UE is switched-off.

\- With E-UTRA Cell 1 \"Serving cell\" and NR Cell 1 \"Non-suitable
\"Off\" cell\" in accordance with TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 6.2.2.1-3,
the UE is brought to state RRC\_CONNECTED using generic procedure
parameters Connectivity (*E-UTRA/EPC*) and Unrestricted nr PDN (*On*) in
accordance with the procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], clause
4.5.4. 4G GUTI and eKSI are assigned and security context established.

##### 6.2.3.6.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-55 .H6}

Table 6.2.3.6.3.2-1 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the cell at various time instants
of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause. Row marked \"T0\"
denotes the conditions in the preamble. Configurations marked \"T1\",
\"T2\" and \"T3\" are applied at the points indicated in the Main
behaviour description in Table 6.2.3.6.3.2-3.

Table 6.2.3.6.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for E-UTRA Cell 1 and NR Cell 1 in conducted test environment

+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | **Pa      | **Unit**  | *         | NR        | *         |
|    | rameter** |           | *E-UTRA** |           | *Remark** |
|    |           |           |           | **Cell    |           |
|    |           |           | **Cell    | 1**       |           |
|    |           |           | 1**       |           |           |
+====+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+
| T0 | Cell      | dBm/15kHz | -85       | \-        | The power |
|    | -specific |           |           |           | level     |
|    | RS EPRE   |           |           |           | values    |
|    |           |           |           |           | are       |
|    |           |           |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |           |           |           | to ensure |
|    |           |           |           |           | UE        |
|    |           |           |           |           | r         |
|    |           |           |           |           | egistered |
|    |           |           |           |           | on E-UTRA |
|    |           |           |           |           | cell 1    |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS   | \-        | Off       |           |
|    |           |           |           |           |           |
|    | SSS EPRE  |           |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T1 | Cell      | dBm/15kHz | -95       | \-        | The power |
|    | -specific |           |           |           | level     |
|    | RS EPRE   |           |           |           | values    |
|    |           |           |           |           | are       |
|    |           |           |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |           |           |           | to        |
|    |           |           |           |           | satisfy   |
|    |           |           |           |           | both      |
|    |           |           |           |           | Srxle     |
|    |           |           |           |           | v~E-UTRA\ |
|    |           |           |           |           |  Cell\ 1~ |
|    |           |           |           |           | \<        |
|    |           |           |           |           | Thr       |
|    |           |           |           |           | esh~servi |
|    |           |           |           |           | ng,\ low~ |
|    |           |           |           |           | and       |
|    |           |           |           |           | S         |
|    |           |           |           |           | rxlev~NR\ |
|    |           |           |           |           |  Cell\ 1~ |
|    |           |           |           |           | \>        |
|    |           |           |           |           | Thresh~   |
|    |           |           |           |           | x,\ low~. |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS   | \-        | -80       |           |
|    |           |           |           |           |           |
|    | SSS EPRE  |           |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T2 | Cell      | dBm/15kHz | -80       | \-        | The power |
|    | -specific |           |           |           | level     |
|    | RS EPRE   |           |           |           | values    |
|    |           |           |           |           | are       |
|    |           |           |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |           |           |           | to        |
|    |           |           |           |           | satisfy   |
|    |           |           |           |           | both      |
|    |           |           |           |           | S         |
|    |           |           |           |           | rxlev~NR\ |
|    |           |           |           |           |  Cell\ 1~ |
|    |           |           |           |           | \<        |
|    |           |           |           |           | Thr       |
|    |           |           |           |           | esh~servi |
|    |           |           |           |           | ng,\ low~ |
|    |           |           |           |           | and       |
|    |           |           |           |           | Srxle     |
|    |           |           |           |           | v~E-UTRA\ |
|    |           |           |           |           |  Cell\ 1~ |
|    |           |           |           |           | \>        |
|    |           |           |           |           | Thresh    |
|    |           |           |           |           | ~x,\ low~ |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS   | \-        | -95       |           |
|    |           |           |           |           |           |
|    | SSS EPRE  |           |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+

Table 6.2.3.6.3.2-2: Void

Table 6.2.3.6.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| St | Procedure    | Message      | TP           | Verdict |    |
|    |              | Sequence     |              |         |    |
+====+==============+==============+==============+=========+====+
|    |              | U - S        | Message      |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 1  | The SS       | \<\--        | *E-UTRA:     | \-      | \- |
|    | transmmits   |              | RRCConnec    |         |    |
|    | *RRCConnec   |              | tionRelease* |         |    |
|    | tionRelease* |              |              |         |    |
|    | message with |              |              |         |    |
|    | dedicated    |              |              |         |    |
|    | priority     |              |              |         |    |
|    | information  |              |              |         |    |
|    | and          |              |              |         |    |
|    | validtity    |              |              |         |    |
|    | timer to the |              |              |         |    |
|    | UE on E-UTRA |              |              |         |    |
|    | cell 1.      |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 2  | The SS       | \-           | \-           | \-      | \- |
|    | adjusts the  |              |              |         |    |
|    | E-UTRAN and  |              |              |         |    |
|    | NR Cell      |              |              |         |    |
|    | power levels |              |              |         |    |
|    | according to |              |              |         |    |
|    | row \"T1\"   |              |              |         |    |
|    | in table     |              |              |         |    |
|    | 6.           |              |              |         |    |
|    | 2.3.6.3.2-1. |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 3  | Check: Does  | \-           | *-*          | 1       | \- |
|    | the test     |              |              |         |    |
|    | result of    |              |              |         |    |
|    | generic test |              |              |         |    |
|    | procedure in |              |              |         |    |
|    | TS 38.508-1  |              |              |         |    |
|    | \[4\] Table  |              |              |         |    |
|    | 4.9.9.2.2-1  |              |              |         |    |
|    | indicate     |              |              |         |    |
|    | that the UE  |              |              |         |    |
|    | is camped on |              |              |         |    |
|    | NR Cell 1?   |              |              |         |    |
|    |              |              |              |         |    |
|    | NOTE: This   |              |              |         |    |
|    | is the first |              |              |         |    |
|    | time in this |              |              |         |    |
|    | test case    |              |              |         |    |
|    | that the UE  |              |              |         |    |
|    | moves from   |              |              |         |    |
|    | S1 to N1.    |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 4  | Void.        | \-           | *-*          | \-      | \- |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 5  | The SS       | \-           | \-           | \-      | \- |
|    | adjusts the  |              |              |         |    |
|    | E-UTRAN and  |              |              |         |    |
|    | NR Cell      |              |              |         |    |
|    | power levels |              |              |         |    |
|    | according to |              |              |         |    |
|    | row \"T2\"   |              |              |         |    |
|    | in table     |              |              |         |    |
|    | 6.           |              |              |         |    |
|    | 2.3.6.3.2-1. |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 6  | Check: Does  | \-           | \-           | 2       | \- |
|    | the test     |              |              |         |    |
|    | result of    |              |              |         |    |
|    | generic test |              |              |         |    |
|    | procedure in |              |              |         |    |
|    | TS 38.508-1  |              |              |         |    |
|    | \[4\] Table  |              |              |         |    |
|    | 4.9.7.2.2-1  |              |              |         |    |
|    | is performed |              |              |         |    |
|    | and the UE   |              |              |         |    |
|    | is camped on |              |              |         |    |
|    | E-UTRAN Cell |              |              |         |    |
|    | 1?           |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+

##### 6.2.3.6.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-53 .H6}

Table 6.2.3.6.3.3-1: *SystemInformationBlockType3* of EUTRA Cell 1
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.2.3.6.3.2-3)

  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.3-2                            
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType3 ::= SEQUENCE {                                   
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {                                    
  threshServingLow                                    10             20 dB     
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.2.3.6.3.3-2: *SystemInformationBlockType24* of EUTRA Cell 1
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.2.3.6.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.3-20                                                                                      
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- ----------- -----------
  Information Element                                                         Value/Remark                                    Comment     Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType24-r15 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  carrierFreqListNR-r15 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF CarrierFreqNR-r15 {   1 entry                                                     
  CarrierFreqNR-r15\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                           entry 1     
  carrierFreq-r15                                                             Same downlink SSB ARFCN as used for NR Cell 1               
  cellReselectionPriority-r15                                                 5                                                           
  threshX-High-r15                                                            20                                              40 dB       
  threshX-Low-r15                                                             10                                              20 dB       
  }                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                       
  t-ReselectionNR-r15                                                         7                                               7 Seconds   
  }                                                                                                                                       

Table 6.2.3.6.3.3-3: *SIB2* of NR Cell 1(preamble and all steps, Table
6.2.3.6.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB2 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {                                    
  threshServingLowP                                   10             20 dB     
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            

Table 6.2.3.6.3.3-4: *SIB5* of NR Cell 1(preamble and all steps, Table
6.2.3.7.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-4                                                                                           
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------- ----------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                Value/remark                                 Comment     Condition
  SIB5 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                         
  carrierFreqListEUTRA SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxEUTRA-Carrier)) OF CarrierFreqEUTRA {   1 entry                                                  
  CarrierFreqEUTRA\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                entry 1     
  carrierFreq                                                                        Downlink EUTRA ARFCN as E-UTRA Cell 1 used               
  threshX-High                                                                       20                                           40 dB       
  threshX-Low                                                                        10                                           20 dB       
  }                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                           
  t-ReselectionEUTRA                                                                 7                                            7 Seconds   
  }                                                                                                                                           

Table 6.2.3.6.3.3-5: *RRCConnectionRelease* message for EUTRA Cell 1
(step 1 of Table 6.2.3.6.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.6.1-15                                                                                        
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- --------- ------------
  Information Element                                                           Value/Remark                                    Comment   Condition
  RRCConnectionRelease ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                     
  criticalExtensions CHOICE {                                                                                                             
  c1 CHOICE {                                                                                                                             
  rrcConnectionRelease-r8 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                      
  IdleModeMobilityControlInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                                                  
  freqPriorityListEUTRA SEQUENCE (SIZE (1.. maxFreq)) OF FreqPriorityEUTRA {    1 entry                                                   
  freqPriorityListEUTRA\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         entry 1   
  carrierFreq                                                                   DownLink ARFCN-Value of E-UTRA cell 1                     
                                                                                maxEARFCN                                                 Band \> 64
  cellReselectionPriority                                                       4                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                       
  t320                                                                          Not present                                               
  freqPriorityListNR-r15 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF FreqPriorityNR-r15 {   1 entry                                                   
  FreqPriorityNR-r15\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                            entry 1   
  carrierFreq-r15                                                               Same Downlink SSB ARFCN as used for NR Cell 1             
  cellReselectionPriority-r15                                                   3                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                       
  nonCriticalExtension                                                                                                                    Band \> 64
  nonCriticalExtension                                                                                                                    
  idleModeMobilityControlInfo-v9e0 SEQUENCE {                                                                                             
  freqPriorityListEUTRA-v9e0 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF SEQUENCE {                                                                   
  carrierFreq-v9e0\[1\]                                                         DownLink ARFCN-Value of E-UTRA cell 1                     
  }                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                       

#### 6.2.3.7 Inter-RAT cell reselection / From NR RRC\_IDLE to E-UTRA RRC\_IDLE, Snonintrasearch

##### 6.2.3.7.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-57 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-121 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state, and the UE is not in high mobility
state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { *Snonintrasearch* is non-zero in system information }

**then** { UE perform measurement and reselects to cell which belongs to
the high priority E-UTRA cell even if S~rxlev~\>S~nonintrasearch~ }

}

##### 6.2.3.7.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-57 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: 3GPP TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.1, 5.2.4.2 and 5.2.4.5.
Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.1\]

Absolute priorities of different NR frequencies or inter-RAT frequencies
may be provided to the UE in the system information, in the *RRCRelease*
message, or by inheriting from another RAT at inter-RAT cell
(re)selection. In the case of system information, an NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency may be listed without providing a priority (i.e. the
field *cellReselectionPriority* is absent for that frequency). If
priorities are provided in dedicated signalling, the UE shall ignore all
the priorities provided in system information. If UE is in *camped on
any cell* state, UE shall only apply the priorities provided by system
information from current cell, and the UE preserves priorities provided
by dedicated signalling and *deprioritisationReq* received in
*RRCRelease* unless specified otherwise. When the UE in camped normally
state, has only dedicated priorities other than for the current
frequency, the UE shall consider the current frequency to be the lowest
priority frequency (i.e. lower than any of the network configured
values).

The UE shall only perform cell reselection evaluation for NR frequencies
and inter-RAT frequencies that are given in system information and for
which the UE has a priority provided.

In case UE receives *RRCRelease* with *deprioritisationReq*, UE shall
consider current frequency and stored frequencies due to the previously
received *RRCRelease* with *deprioritisationReq* or all the frequencies
of NR to be the lowest priority frequency (i.e. lower than any of the
network configured values) while T325 is running irrespective of camped
RAT. The UE shall delete the stored deprioritisation request(s) when a
PLMN selection is performed on request by NAS (TS 23.122 \[9\]).

NOTE: UE should search for a higher priority layer for cell reselection
as soon as possible after the change of priority. The minimum related
performance requirements specified in TS 38.133 \[8\] are still
applicable.

The UE shall delete priorities provided by dedicated signalling when:

\- the UE enters a different RRC state; or

\- the optional validity time of dedicated priorities (T320) expires; or

\- a PLMN selection is performed on request by NAS (TS 23.122 \[9\]).

NOTE 2: Equal priorities between RATs are not supported.

The UE shall not consider any exclude-listed cells as candidate for cell
reselection.

The UE shall inherit the priorities provided by dedicated signalling and
the remaining validity time (i.e. T320 in NR and E-UTRA), if configured,
at inter-RAT cell (re)selection.

NOTE 3: The network may assign dedicated cell

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.2\]

Following rules are used by the UE to limit needed measurements:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~IntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~IntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform intra-frequency
measurements.

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform intra-frequency measurements.

\- The UE shall apply the following rules for NR inter-frequencies and
inter-RAT frequencies which are indicated in system information and for
which the UE has priority provided as defined in 5.2.4.1:

\- For a NR inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequency with a reselection
priority higher than the reselection priority of the current NR
frequency, the UE shall perform measurements of higher priority NR
inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequencies according to TS 38.133 \[8\].

\- For a NR inter-frequency with an equal or lower reselection priority
than the reselection priority of the current NR frequency and for
inter-RAT frequency with lower reselection priority than the reselection
priority of the current NR frequency:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform measurements of NR
inter-frequencies or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower
priority;

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform measurements of NR inter-frequencies
or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower priority according to TS
38.133 \[8\].

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.5\]

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is broadcast in system information and more
than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving
cell, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority NR or EUTRAN RAT/frequency fulfils Squal
\> Thresh~X,\ HighQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority NR frequency
or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \>
Thresh~X,\ HighP~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

\- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

Cell reselection to a cell on an equal priority NR frequency shall be
based on ranking for intra-frequency cell reselection as defined in
sub-clause 5.2.4.6.

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is broadcast in system information and more
than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving
cell, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Squal \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~ and a cell
of a lower priority NR or E-UTRAN RAT/ frequency fulfils Squal \>
Thresh~X,\ LowQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~.

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority NR frequency
or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Srxlev \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowP~ and a cell
of a lower priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \> Thresh~X,\ LowP~
during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

> \- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
> serving cell.

Cell reselection to a higher priority RAT/frequency shall take
precedence over a lower priority RAT/frequency if multiple cells of
different priorities fulfil the cell reselection criteria.

If more than one cell meets the above criteria, the UE shall reselect a
cell as follows:

\- If the highest-priority frequency is an NR frequency, the highest
ranked cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies)
meeting the criteria according to clause 5.2.4.6;

\- If the highest-priority frequency is from another RAT, the highest
ranked cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies)
meeting the criteria of that RAT.

##### 6.2.3.7.3 Test description {#test-description-56 .H6}

##### 6.2.3.7.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-56 .H6}

System Simulator:

\- NR Cell 1, E-UTRA Cell 1 is higher priority inter-RAT cell.

\- NR Cell 1 is configured to operate in FR1 bands as defined in TS
38.508-1 \[4\] clause 6.2.3.

\- System information combination NR-6 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR Cell.

\- System information combination 31 as defined in TS 36.508-1 \[7\]
clause 4.4.3.1 is used in E-UTRA Cell.

##### UE: {#ue-52 .H6}

None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-55 .H6}

\- With E-UTRA Cell 1 \"Serving cell\" and NR Cell 1 \"Non-suitable
\"Off\" cell\" in accordance with TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 6.2.2.1-3,
the UE is brought to state RRC\_IDLE using generic procedure parameters
Connectivity (*E-UTRA/EPC*) and Unrestricted nr PDN (*On*) in accordance
with the procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], clause 4.5.2. 4G GUTI
and eKSI are assigned and security context established.

\- the UE is switched-off.

\- With E-UTRA Cell 1 \"Non-suitable \"Off\" cell\" and NR Cell 1
\"Serving cell\" in accordance with TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 6.2.2.1-3,
the UE is brought to state 1N-A, RRC\_IDLE Connectivity (NR), in
accordance with the procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table
4.5.2.2-2. 5G-GUTI and ngKSI are assigned and security context
established.

##### 6.2.3.7.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-56 .H6}

Table 6.2.3.7.3.2-1 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the cell at various time instants
of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause. Row marked \"T0\"
denotes the conditions in the preamble. Configurations marked \"T1\"is
applied at the points indicated in the Main behaviour description in
Table 6.2.3.7.3.2-3.

Table 6.2.3.7.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for E-UTRA Cell 1 and NR Cell 1 in conducted test environment

+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | **Pa      | **Unit**  | **NR**    | *         | *         |
|    | rameter** |           |           | *E-UTRA** | *Remark** |
|    |           |           | **Cell    |           |           |
|    |           |           | 1**       | **Cell    |           |
|    |           |           |           | 1**       |           |
+====+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+
| T0 | Cell      | dBm/15kHz | \-        | Off       | The power |
|    | -specific |           |           |           | level     |
|    | RS EPRE   |           |           |           | values    |
|    |           |           |           |           | are       |
|    |           |           |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |           |           |           | to ensure |
|    |           |           |           |           | UE        |
|    |           |           |           |           | r         |
|    |           |           |           |           | egistered |
|    |           |           |           |           | on NR     |
|    |           |           |           |           | Cell 1    |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS   | -88       | \-        |           |
|    |           |           |           |           |           |
|    | SSS EPRE  |           |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T1 | Cell      | dBm/15kHz | \-        | -75       | The power |
|    | -specific |           |           |           | level     |
|    | RS EPRE   |           |           |           | values    |
|    |           |           |           |           | are       |
|    |           |           |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |           |           |           | to        |
|    |           |           |           |           | satisfy   |
|    |           |           |           |           | Srxlev    |
|    |           |           |           |           | ~NR\      |
|    |           |           |           |           |  Cell\ 1~ |
|    |           |           |           |           | \         |
|    |           |           |           |           | >S~nonint |
|    |           |           |           |           | rasearch~ |
|    |           |           |           |           | and       |
|    |           |           |           |           | Srxlev~   |
|    |           |           |           |           | E-UTRA\ C |
|    |           |           |           |           | ell\ 1~\> |
|    |           |           |           |           | Thresh~x  |
|    |           |           |           |           | ,\ high~. |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS   | -90       | \-        |           |
|    |           |           |           |           |           |
|    | SSS EPRE  |           |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+

Table 6.2.3.7.3.2-2: Void

Table 6.2.3.7.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  St   Procedure                                                                                                                                           Message Sequence   TP        Verdict   
  ---- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ --------- --------- ----
                                                                                                                                                           U - S              Message             
  1    The SS adjusts the NR and E-UTRAN Cell power levels according to row \"T1\" in table 6.2.3.7.3.2-1.                                                 \-                 \-        \-        \-
  2    Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.7.2.2-1 is performed and the UE is camped on E-UTRAN Cell 1?   \-                 \-        1         \-

##### 6.2.3.7.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-54 .H6}

Table 6.2.3.7.3.3-1: *SIB2 of NR Cell 1 (preamble and all steps, Table*
6.2.3.7.3.2-3*)*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB2 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {                                    
  s-NonIntraSearchP                                   3              6 dB      
  threshServingLowP                                   3              6 dB      
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            

Table 6.2.3.7.3.3-2: *SIB5* of NR Cell 1(preamble and all steps, Table
6.2.3.7.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-4                                                                                           
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------- ----------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                Value/remark                                 Comment     Condition
  SIB5 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                         
  carrierFreqListEUTRA SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxEUTRA-Carrier)) OF CarrierFreqEUTRA {   1 entry                                                  
  CarrierFreqEUTRA\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                entry 1     
  carrierFreq                                                                        Downlink EUTRA ARFCN as E-UTRA Cell 1 used               
  cellReselectionPriority                                                            5                                                        
  threshX-High                                                                       10                                           20 dB       
  threshX-Low                                                                        20                                           40 dB       
  }                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                           
  t-ReselectionEUTRA                                                                 7                                            7 Seconds   
  }                                                                                                                                           

Table 6.2.3.7.3.3-3: *SystemInformationBlockType3* of EUTRA Cell 1
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.2.3.7.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.3-2                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType3 ::= SEQUENCE {                                   
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {                                    
  threshServingLow                                    3              6 dB      
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            

Table 6.2.3.7.3.3-4: *SystemInformationBlockType24* for EUTRA Cell 1
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.2.3.7.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.3-20                                                                                      
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- ----------- -----------
  Information Element                                                         Value/Remark                                    Comment     Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType24-r15 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  carrierFreqListNR-r15 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF CarrierFreqNR-r15 {   1 entry                                                     
  CarrierFreqNR-r15\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                           entry 1     
  carrierFreq-r15                                                             Same downlink SSB ARFCN as used for NR Cell 1               
  cellReselectionPriority-r15                                                 3                                                           
  threshX-High-r15                                                            15                                              30 dB       
  threshX-Low-r15                                                             15                                              30 dB       
  }                                                                                                                                       
  t-ReselectionNR-r15                                                         7                                               7 Seconds   
  }                                                                                                                                       

#### 6.2.3.8 Inter-RAT cell reselection / From E-UTRA RRC\_IDLE to NR RRC\_IDLE, Snonintrasearch

##### 6.2.3.8.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-58 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-122 .H6}

**with** { UE in E-UTRA RRC\_Idle state, and the UE is not in high
mobility state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { *Snonintrasearch* is non-zero in system information }

**then** { UE perform measurement and reselects to cell which belongs to
the high priority NR cell even if S~rxlev~\>S~nonintrasearch~ }

}

##### 6.2.3.8.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-58 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: 3GPP TS 36.304, clause 5.2.4.1, 5.2.4.2 and 5.2.4.5.
Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 36.304, clause 5.2.4.1\]

Absolute priorities of different E-UTRAN frequencies or inter-RAT
frequencies may be provided to the UE in the system information, in the
*RRCConnectionRelease* message, or by inheriting from another RAT at
inter-RAT cell (re)selection. In the case of system information, an
E-UTRAN frequency or inter-RAT frequency may be listed without providing
a priority (i.e. the field *cellReselectionPriority* is absent for that
frequency). If priorities are provided in dedicated signalling, the UE
shall ignore all the priorities provided in system information. If UE is
in *camped on any cell* state, UE shall only apply the priorities
provided by system information from current cell, and the UE preserves
priorities provided by dedicated signalling and *deprioritisationReq*
received in *RRCConnectionReject* unless specified otherwise. When the
UE in *camped normally* state, has only dedicated priorities other than
for the current frequency, the UE shall consider the current frequency
to be the lowest priority frequency (i.e. lower than any of the network
configured values). While the UE is camped on a suitable CSG cell in
normal coverage, the UE shall always consider the current frequency to
be the highest priority frequency (i.e. higher than any of the network
configured values), irrespective of any other priority value allocated
to this frequency. When the HSDN capable UE is in High-mobility state,
the UE shall always consider the HSDN cells to be the highest priority
(i.e. higher than any other network configured priorities). When the
HSDN capable UE is not in High-mobility state, the UE shall always
consider HSDN cells to be the lowest priority (i.e. lower than network
configured priorities). If the UE capable of sidelink communication is
configured to perform sidelink communication and can only perform the
sidelink communication while camping on a frequency, the UE may consider
that frequency to be the highest priority. If the UE capable of V2X
sidelink communication is configured to perform V2X sidelink
communication and can only perform the V2X sidelink communication while
camping on a frequency, the UE may consider that frequency to be the
highest priority. If the UE capable of V2X sidelink communication is
configured to perform V2X sidelink communication and can only use
pre-configuration while not camping on a frequency, the UE may consider
the frequency providing inter-carrier V2X sidelink configuration to be
the highest priority. If the UE capable of sidelink discovery is
configured to perform Public Safety related sidelink discovery and can
only perform the Public Safety related sidelink discovery while camping
on a frequency, the UE may consider that frequency to be the highest
priority.

NOTE 1: The prioritization among the frequencies which UE considers to
be the highest priority frequency is left to UE implementation.

If the UE is capable either of MBMS Service Continuity or of SC-PTM
reception and is receiving or interested to receive an MBMS service and
can only receive this MBMS service while camping on a frequency on which
it is provided, the UE may consider that frequency to be the highest
priority during the MBMS session TS 36.300 \[2\] as long as the two
following conditions are fulfilled:

1\) Either:

\- the UE is capable of MBMS service continuity and the reselected cell
is broadcasting SIB13; or

\- the UE is capable of SC-PTM reception and the reselected cell is
broadcasting SIB20;

2\) Either:

\- SIB15 of the serving cell indicates for that frequency one or more
MBMS SAIs included and associated with that frequency in the MBMS User
Service Description (USD) TS 26.346 \[22\] of this service; or

\- SIB15 is not broadcast in the serving cell and that frequency is
included in the USD of this service.

If the UE is capable either of MBMS Service Continuity or of SC-PTM
reception and is receiving or interested to receive an MBMS service
provided on a downlink only MBMS frequency, on a frequency used by
dedicated MBMS cells, on a frequency used by FeMBMS/Unicast-mixed cells
as defined in TS 36.300 \[2\], or on a frequency belonging to PLMN
different from its registered PLMN, the UE may consider cell reselection
candidate frequencies at which it can not receive the MBMS service to be
of the lowest priority during the MBMS session TS 36.300 \[2\], as long
as the above mentioned condition 1) is fulfilled for the cell on the
MBMS frequency which the UE monitors or this cell broadcasts SIB1-MBMS
and as long as the above mentioned condition 2) is fulfilled for the
serving cell.

NOTE 2: Example scenarios in which the previous down-prioritisation may
be needed concerns the cases where camping is not possible, while the UE
can only receive this MBMS frequency when camping on a subset of cell
reselection candidate frequencies, e.g. the MBMS frequency is a downlink
only carrier, the MBMS frequency is used by dedicated MBMS cells, the
MBMS frequency is used by FeMBMS/Unicast-mixed cells TS 36.300 \[2\], or
the MBMS frequency belongs to a PLMN different from UE\'s registered
PLMN.

If the UE is not capable of MBMS Service Continuity but has knowledge on
which frequency an MBMS service of interest is provided, it may consider
that frequency to be the highest priority during the MBMS session TS
36.300 \[2\] as long as the reselected cell is broadcasting SIB13.

If the UE is not capable of MBMS Service Continuity but has knowledge on
which downlink only frequency, on which frequency used by dedicated MBMS
cells, on which frequency used by FeMBMS/Unicast-mixed cells as defined
in TS 36.300 \[2\] or on which frequency belonging to PLMN different
from its registered PLMN an MBMS service of interest is provided, it may
consider cell reselection candidate frequencies at which it can not
receive the MBMS service to be of the lowest priority during the MBMS
session TS 36.300 \[2\] as long as the cell on the MBMS frequency which
the UE monitors is broadcasting SIB13 or SIB1-MBMS.

> NOTE 3: The UE considers that the MBMS session is ongoing using the
> session start and end times as provided by upper layers in the USD
> i.e. the UE does not verify if the session is indicated on MCCH.

In case UE receives *RRCConnectionReject* with *deprioritisationReq*, UE
shall consider current carrier frequency and stored frequencies due to
the previously received *RRCConnectionReject* with *deprioritisationReq*
or all the frequencies of EUTRA to be the lowest priority frequency
(i.e. lower than any of the network configured values) while T325 is
running irrespective of camped RAT. The UE shall delete the stored
deprioritisation request(s) when a PLMN selection is performed on
request by NAS TS 23.122 \[5\].

NOTE 4: Connecting to CDMA2000 does not imply PLMN selection.

NOTE 5: UE should search for a higher priority layer for cell
reselection as soon as possible after the change of priority. The
minimum related performance requirements specified in TS 36.133 \[10\]
are still applicable.

The UE shall delete priorities provided by dedicated signalling when:

\- the UE enters a different RRC state; or

\- the optional validity time of dedicated priorities (T320) expires; or

\- a PLMN selection is performed on request by NAS TS 23.122 \[5\].

NOTE 6: Equal priorities between RATs are not supported.

The UE shall only perform cell reselection evaluation for E-UTRAN
frequencies and inter-RAT frequencies that are given in system
information and for which the UE has a priority provided.

The UE shall not consider any exclude-listed cells as candidate for cell
reselection.

The UE shall inherit the priorities provided by dedicated signalling and
the remaining validity time (i.e., T320 in E-UTRA and NR, T322 in UTRA
and T3230 in GERAN), if configured, at inter-RAT cell (re)selection.

NOTE 7: The network may assign dedicated cell reselection priorities for
frequencies not configured by system information.

While T360 is running, redistribution target is considered to be the
highest priority (i.e. higher than any of the network configured
values). UE shall continue to consider the serving frequency as the
highest priority until completion of E-UTRAN Inter-frequency
Redistribution procedure specified in 5.2.4.10 if triggered on T360
expiry/ stop.

\[TS 36.304, clause 5.2.4.2\]

For NB-IoT measurement rules for cell re-selection is defined in
sub-clause 5.2.4.2.a.

When evaluating Srxlev and Squal of non-serving cells for reselection
purposes, the UE shall use parameters provided by the serving cell.

Following rules are used by the UE to limit needed measurements:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~IntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~IntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform intra-frequency
measurements.

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform intra-frequency measurements.

\- The UE shall apply the following rules for E-UTRAN inter-frequencies
and inter-RAT frequencies which are indicated in system information and
for which the UE has priority provided as defined in 5.2.4.1:

\- For an E-UTRAN inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequency with a
reselection priority higher than the reselection priority of the current
E-UTRA frequency the UE shall perform measurements of higher priority
E-UTRAN inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequencies according to TS 36.133
\[10\].

\- For an E-UTRAN inter-frequency with an equal or lower reselection
priority than the reselection priority of the current E-UTRA frequency
and for inter-RAT frequency with lower reselection priority than the
reselection priority of the current E-UTRAN frequency:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform measurements of
E-UTRAN inter-frequencies or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower
priority unless the UE is triggered to measure an E-UTRAN
inter-frequency which is configured with *redistributionInterFreqInfo*.

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform measurements of E-UTRAN
inter-frequencies or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower
priority according to TS 36.133 \[10\].

\- If the UE supports relaxed monitoring and *s-SearchDeltaP* is present
in *SystemInformationBlockType3*, the UE may further limit the needed
measurements, as specified in sub-clause 5.2.4.12.

\[TS 36.304, clause 5.2.4.5\]

For NB-IoT inter-frequency cell reselection shall be based on ranking as
defined in sub-clause 5.2.4.6.

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is provided in *SystemInformationBlockType3*
and more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority E-UTRAN
frequency or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be
performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority EUTRAN, NR or UTRAN FDD RAT/ frequency
fulfils Squal \> Thresh~X,\ HighQ~ during a time interval
Treselection~RAT~; or

\- A cell of a higher priority UTRAN TDD, GERAN or CDMA2000 RAT/
frequency fulfils Srxlev \> Thresh~X,\ HighP~ during a time interval
Treselection~RAT~.

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority E-UTRAN
frequency or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be
performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \>
Thresh~X,\ HighP~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

\- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

Cell reselection to a cell on an equal priority E-UTRAN frequency shall
be based on ranking for Intra-frequency cell reselection as defined in
sub-clause 5.2.4.6.

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is provided in *SystemInformationBlockType3*
and more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority E-UTRAN
frequency or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be
performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Squal \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~ and a cell
of a lower priority EUTRAN, NR or UTRAN FDD RAT/ frequency fulfils Squal
\> Thresh~X,\ LowQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; or

\- The serving cell fulfils Squal \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~ and a cell
of a lower priority UTRAN TDD, GERAN or CDMA2000 RAT/ frequency fulfils
Srxlev \> Thresh~X,\ LowP~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~.

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority E-UTRAN
frequency or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be
performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Srxlev \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowP~ and a cell
of a lower priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \> Thresh~X,\ LowP~
during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

> \- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
> serving cell.

Cell reselection to a higher priority RAT/ frequency shall take
precedence over a lower priority RAT/ frequency, if multiple cells of
different priorities fulfil the cell reselection criteria.

The UE shall not perform cell reselection to NR or UTRAN FDD cells for
which the cell selection criterion S is not fulfilled.

For cdma2000 RATs, Srxlev is equal to -FLOOR(-2 x 10 x log10 Ec/Io) in
units of 0.5 dB, as defined in \[18\], with Ec/Io referring to the value
measured from the evaluated cell.

For cdma2000 RATs, Thresh~X,\ HighP~ and Thresh~X,\ LowP~ are equal to
-1 times the values signalled for the corresponding parameters in the
system information.

In all the above criteria the value of Treselection~RAT~ is scaled when
the UE is in the medium or high mobility state as defined in subclause
5.2.4.3.1. If more than one cell meets the above criteria, the UE shall
reselect a cell as follows:

\- If the highest-priority frequency is an E-UTRAN frequency, a cell
ranked as the best cell among the cells on the highest priority
frequency(ies) meeting the criteria according to clause 5.2.4.6;

\- If the highest-priority frequency is from another RAT, a cell ranked
as the best cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies)
meeting the criteria of that RAT.

Cell reselection to another RAT, for which Squal based cell reselection
parameters are broadcast in system information, shall be performed based
on the Squal criteria if the UE supports Squal (RSRQ) based cell
reselection to E-UTRAN from all the other RATs provided by system
information which UE supports. Otherwise, cell reselection to another
RAT shall be performed based on Srxlev criteria.

Cell reselection to NR, for which a cell reselection parameter,
*q-RxLevMinSUL* is broadcast in system information and the UE supports
SUL, shall be performed based on Srxlev criteria taking the parameter
into account.

##### 6.2.3.8.3 Test description {#test-description-57 .H6}

##### 6.2.3.8.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-57 .H6}

System Simulator:

\- E-UTRA Cell 1, NR Cell 1 is higher priority inter-RAT NR cell.

\- NR Cell 1 is configured to operate in FR1 bands as defined in TS
38.508-1 \[4\] clause 6.2.3.

\- System information combination 31 as defined in TS 36.508-1 \[7\]
clause 4.4.3.1 is used in E-UTRA Cell.

\- System information combination NR-6 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR Cell.

##### UE: {#ue-53 .H6}

\- None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-56 .H6}

\- With E-UTRA Cell 1 \"Non-suitable \"Off\" cell\" and NR Cell 1
\"Serving cell\" in accordance with TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 6.2.2.1-3,
the UE is brought to state 1N-A, RRC\_IDLE Connectivity (NR), in
accordance with the procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table
4.5.2.2-2. 5G-GUTI and ngKSI are assigned and security context
established.

\- the UE is switched-off.

\- With E-UTRA Cell 1 \"Serving cell\" and NR Cell 1 \"Non-suitable
\"Off\" cell\" in accordance with TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 6.2.2.1-3,
the UE is brought to state RRC\_IDLE using generic procedure parameters
Connectivity (E-UTRA/EPC) and Unrestricted nr PDN (*On*) in accordance
with the procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], clause 4.5.2. 4G GUTI
and eKSI are assigned and security context established.

##### 6.2.3.8.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-57 .H6}

Table 6.2.3.8.3.2-1 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the cell at various time instants
of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause. Row marked \"T0\"
denotes the conditions in the preamble. Configurations marked \"T1\"is
applied at the points indicated in the Main behaviour description in
Table 6.2.3.8.3.2-3.

Table 6.2.3.8.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for E-UTRA Cell and NR Cell in conducted test environment

+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | **Pa      | **Unit**  | *         | **NR**    | *         |
|    | rameter** |           | *E-UTRA** |           | *Remark** |
|    |           |           |           | **Cell    |           |
|    |           |           | **Cell    | 1**       |           |
|    |           |           | 1**       |           |           |
+====+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+
| T0 | Cell      | dBm/15kHz | -85       | \-        | The power |
|    | -specific |           |           |           | level     |
|    | RS EPRE   |           |           |           | values    |
|    |           |           |           |           | are       |
|    |           |           |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |           |           |           | to ensure |
|    |           |           |           |           | UE        |
|    |           |           |           |           | r         |
|    |           |           |           |           | egistered |
|    |           |           |           |           | on E-UTRA |
|    |           |           |           |           | Cell 1    |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS   | \-        | Off       |           |
|    |           |           |           |           |           |
|    | SSS EPRE  |           |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T1 | Cell      | dBm/15kHz | -90       | \-        | The power |
|    | -specific |           |           |           | level     |
|    | RS EPRE   |           |           |           | values    |
|    |           |           |           |           | are       |
|    |           |           |           |           | assigned  |
|    |           |           |           |           | to        |
|    |           |           |           |           | satisfy   |
|    |           |           |           |           | S~rxlev   |
|    |           |           |           |           | \ E-UTRA\ |
|    |           |           |           |           |  Cell\ 1~ |
|    |           |           |           |           | \         |
|    |           |           |           |           | >S~nonint |
|    |           |           |           |           | rasearch~ |
|    |           |           |           |           | and and   |
|    |           |           |           |           | Srx       |
|    |           |           |           |           | lev~NR\ C |
|    |           |           |           |           | ell\ 1~\> |
|    |           |           |           |           | Thresh~x  |
|    |           |           |           |           | ,\ high~. |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS   | \-        | -80       |           |
|    |           |           |           |           |           |
|    | SSS EPRE  |           |           |           |           |
+----+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+

Table 6.2.3.8.3.2-2: Void

Table 6.2.3.8.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+----+-----------------+-----------------+---------+---------+----+
| St | Procedure       | Message         | TP      | Verdict |    |
|    |                 | Sequence        |         |         |    |
+====+=================+=================+=========+=========+====+
|    |                 | U - S           | Message |         |    |
+----+-----------------+-----------------+---------+---------+----+
| 1  | The SS adjusts  | \-              | \-      | \-      | \- |
|    | the E-UTRAN and |                 |         |         |    |
|    | NR Cell power   |                 |         |         |    |
|    | levels          |                 |         |         |    |
|    | according to    |                 |         |         |    |
|    | row \"T1\" in   |                 |         |         |    |
|    | table           |                 |         |         |    |
|    | 6.2.3.8.3.2-1.  |                 |         |         |    |
+----+-----------------+-----------------+---------+---------+----+
| 2  | Check: Does the | \-              | \-      | 1       | \- |
|    | test result of  |                 |         |         |    |
|    | generic test    |                 |         |         |    |
|    | procedure in TS |                 |         |         |    |
|    | 38.508-1 \[4\]  |                 |         |         |    |
|    | Table           |                 |         |         |    |
|    | 4.9.9.2.2-1     |                 |         |         |    |
|    | indicate that   |                 |         |         |    |
|    | the UE is       |                 |         |         |    |
|    | camped on NR    |                 |         |         |    |
|    | Cell 1?         |                 |         |         |    |
|    |                 |                 |         |         |    |
|    | NOTE: This is   |                 |         |         |    |
|    | the first time  |                 |         |         |    |
|    | in this test    |                 |         |         |    |
|    | case that the   |                 |         |         |    |
|    | UE moves from   |                 |         |         |    |
|    | S1 to N1.       |                 |         |         |    |
+----+-----------------+-----------------+---------+---------+----+
| 3  | Void.           | \-              | *-*     | \-      | \- |
+----+-----------------+-----------------+---------+---------+----+

##### 6.2.3.8.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-55 .H6}

Table 6.2.3.8.3.3-1: *SystemInformationBlockType3* of EUTRA Cell 1
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.2.3.8.3.2-3)

  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.3-2                            
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType3 ::= SEQUENCE {                                   
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {                                    
  s-NonIntraSearch                                    3              6 dB      
  threshServingLow                                    3              6 dB      
  }                                                                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.2.3.8.3.3-2: *SystemInformationBlockType24* of EUTRA Cell 1
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.2.3.8.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.3-20                                                                                      
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- ----------- -----------
  Information Element                                                         Value/Remark                                    Comment     Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType24-r15 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  carrierFreqListNR-r15 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF CarrierFreqNR-r15 {   1 entry                                                     
  CarrierFreqNR-r15\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                           entry 1     
  carrierFreq-r15                                                             Same downlink SSB ARFCN as used for NR Cell 1               
  cellReselectionPriority-r15                                                 5                                                           
  threshX-High-r15                                                            10                                              20 dB       
  threshX-Low-r15                                                             20                                              40 dB       
  }                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                       
  t-ReselectionNR-r15                                                         7                                               7 Seconds   
  }                                                                                                                                       

Table 6.2.3.8.3.3-3: *SIB2 of NR Cell 1 (preamble and all steps, Table*
6.2.3.8.3.2-3*)*

  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                            
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB2 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {                                    
  threshServingLowP                                   3              6 dB      
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.2.3.8.3.3-4: *SIB5* of NR Cell 1(preamble and all steps, Table
6.2.3.8.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508 \[6\], Table 4.6.2-4                                                                                             
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------- ----------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                Value/remark                                 Comment     Condition
  SIB5 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                         
  carrierFreqListEUTRA SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxEUTRA-Carrier)) OF CarrierFreqEUTRA {   1 entry                                                  
  CarrierFreqEUTRA\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                entry 1     
  carrierFreq                                                                        Downlink EUTRA ARFCN as E-UTRA Cell 1 used               
  cellReselectionPriority                                                            3                                                        
  threshX-High                                                                       15                                           30 dB       
  threshX-Low                                                                        15                                           30 dB       
  }                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                           
  t-ReselectionEUTRA                                                                 7                                            7 Seconds   
  }                                                                                                                                           

#### 6.2.3.9 Void

#### 6.2.3.10 Inter-RAT cell reselection / From E-UTRA\_IDLE to NR RRC\_IDLE / schedulingInfoList-v12j0

##### 6.2.3.10.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-59 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-123 .H6}

**with** { the UE is in E-UTRA IDLE state and
*SystemInformationBlockType24* scheduled by optional extended field
*schedulingInfoList-v12j0* in *SystemInformationBlockType1* is
broadcasted }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell re-selection criteria is met for a lower
priority NR cell }

**then** { UE reselects to the NR cell }

}

##### 6.2.3.10.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-59 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 36.331, clause 5.2.3 and 5.2.3a and TS 36.304, clause
5.2.4.1, 5.2.4.2 and 5.2.4.5. Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-15
requirements.

\[TS 36.331, clause 5.2.3\]

When acquiring an SI message, the UE shall:

1\> determine the start of the SI-window for the concerned SI message as
follows:

2\> if the concerned SI message is configured in the
*schedulingInfoList*, *schedulingInfoListExt* (if present) or if the
concerned SI message is configured in the *pos-schedulingInfoList* and
*si-posOffset* is not configured;

3\> for the concerned SI message, determine the number *n* which
corresponds to the order of entry in the concatenated list of SI
messages configured by *schedulingInfoList, schedulingInfoListExt (if
present)* and *posSchedulingInfoList* in *SystemInformationBlockType1*;

3\> determine the integer value *x* = (*n* -- 1)\**w*, where *w* is the
*si-WindowLength*;

3\> the SI-window starts at the subframe \#*a*, where *a* = *x* mod 10,
in the radio frame for which SFN mod *T* = FLOOR(*x*/10), where *T* is
the *si-Periodicity* of the concerned SI message;

2\> else if the concerned SI message is configured by the
*posSchedulingInfoList* and *si-posOffset* is configured determine the
start of the SI-window for the concerned SI message as follows:

3\> determine the number *m* which corresponds to the number of SI
messages with an associated *si-Periodicity* of 8 radio frames (80 ms),
configured by *schedulingInfoList* and *schedulingInfoListExt (if
present)* in *SystemInformationBlockType1*;

3\> for the concerned SI message, determine the number *n* which
corresponds to the order of entry in the list of SI messages configured
by *posSchedulingInfoList* in *SystemInformationBlockType1*;

3\> determine the integer value *x* = *m*\**w +* (*n* -- 1)\**w*, where
*w* is the *si-WindowLength*

3\> the SI-window starts at the subframe \#*a*, where *a* = *x* mod 10,
in the radio frame for which SFN mod *T* = FLOOR(*x*/10) + 8, where *T*
is the *si-posPeriodicity* of the concerned SI message;

NOTE: E-UTRAN should configure an SI-window of 1 ms only if all SIs are
scheduled before subframe \#5 in radio frames for which SFN mod 2 = 0.

1\> receive DL-SCH using the SI-RNTI from the start of the SI-window and
continue until the end of the SI-window whose absolute length in time is
given by *si-WindowLength*, or until the SI message was received,
excluding the following subframes:

2\> subframe \#5 in radio frames for which SFN mod 2 = 0;

2\> any MBSFN subframes;

2\> any uplink subframes in TDD;

1\> if the SI message was not received by the end of the SI-window,
repeat reception at the next SI-window occasion for the concerned SI
message;

\[TS 36.331, clause 5.2.3a\]

When acquiring an SI message, the BL UE or UE in CE or NB-IoT UE shall:

1\> determine the start of the SI-window for the concerned SI message as
follows:

2\> if the concerned SI message is configured in the
*schedulingInfoList*, *schedulingInfoListExt* (if present) or if the
concerned SI message is configured in the *pos-schedulingInfoList* and
*si-posOffset* is not configured;

3\> for the concerned SI message, determine the number *n* which
corresponds to the order of entry in the concatenated list of SI
messages configured by *schedulingInfoList, schedulingInfoListExt (if
present)* in *SystemInformationBlockType1-BR* (or
*SystemInformationBlockType1-NB in NB-IoT)* and *posSchedulingInfoList*
in *SystemInformationBlockType1-BR*;

3\> determine the integer value *x* = (*n* -- 1)\**w*, where *w* is the
*si-WindowLength-BR (or si-WindowLength in NB-IoT)*;

2\> else if the concerned SI message is configured by the
*posSchedulingInfoList* and *si-posOffset* is configured determine the
start of the SI-window for the concerned SI message as follows:

3\> determine the number *m* which corresponds to the number of SI
messages with an associated *si-Periodicity* of 8 radio frames (80 ms),
configured by *schedulingInfoList* and *schedulingInfoListExt (if
present)* in *SystemInformationBlockType1-BR*;

3\> for the concerned SI message, determine the number *n* which
corresponds to the order of entry in the list of SI messages configured
by *posSchedulingInfoList* in *SystemInformationBlockType1-BR*;

3\> determine the integer value *x* = *m*\**w +* (*n* -- 1)\**w*, where
*w* is the *si-WindowLength-BR*;

3\> the SI-window starts at the subframe \#*a*, where *a* = *x* mod 10,
in the radio frame for which SFN mod *T* = FLOOR(*x*/10) + 8, where *T*
is the *si-posPeriodicity* of the concerned SI message;

2\> if the UE is a NB-IoT UE:

3\> the SI-window starts at the subframe \#0 in the radio frame for
which (H-SFN \* 1024 + SFN) mod *T* = FLOOR(*x*/10) + Offset, where *T*
is the *si-Periodicity* of the concerned SI message and, Offset is the
offset of the start of the SI-Window (*si-RadioFrameOffset*);

2\> else:

3\> the SI-window starts at the subframe \#0 in the radio frame for
which SFN mod *T* = FLOOR(*x*/10), where *T* is the *si-Periodicity* of
the concerned SI message;

1\> if the UE is a NB-IoT UE:

2\> receive and accumulate SI message transmissions on DL-SCH from the
start of the SI-window and continue until the end of the SI-window whose
absolute length in time is given by *si-WindowLength, starting from the
radio frames as provided in si-RepetitionPattern and in subframes as
provided in downlinkBitmap*, or until successful decoding of the
accumulated SI message transmissions excluding the subframes used for
transmission of NPSS, NSSS, *MasterInformationBlock-NB/
MasterInformationBlock-TDD-NB* and *SystemInformationBlockType1-NB*. *If
there are not enough subframes for one SI message transmission in the
radio frames as provided in si-RepetitionPattern, the UE shall continue
to receive the SI message transmission in the radio frames following the
radio frame indicated in si-RepetitionPattern;*

1\> else:

2\> receive and accumulate SI message transmissions on DL-SCH on
narrowband provided by *si-Narrowband*, from the start of the SI-window
and continue until the end of the SI-window whose absolute length in
time is given by *si-WindowLength-BR, only in radio frames as provided
in si-RepetitionPattern and subframes as provided in*
*fdd-DownlinkOrTddSubframeBitmapBR in
bandwidthReducedAccessRelatedInfo*, or until successful decoding of the
accumulated SI message transmissions;

1\> if the SI message was not possible to decode from the accumulated SI
message transmissions by the end of the SI-window, continue reception
and accumulation of SI message transmissions on DL-SCH in the next
SI-window occasion for the concerned SI message;

\[TS 36.304, clause 5.2.4.1\]

Absolute priorities of different E-UTRAN frequencies or inter-RAT
frequencies may be provided to the UE in the system information, in the
*RRCConnectionRelease* message, or by inheriting from another RAT at
inter-RAT cell (re)selection. In the case of system information, an
E-UTRAN frequency or inter-RAT frequency may be listed without providing
a priority (i.e. the field *cellReselectionPriority* is absent for that
frequency). If priorities are provided in dedicated signalling, the UE
shall ignore all the priorities provided in system information. If UE is
in *camped on any cell* state, UE shall only apply the priorities
provided by system information from current cell, and the UE preserves
priorities provided by dedicated signalling and *deprioritisationReq*
received in *RRCConnectionReject* unless specified otherwise. When the
UE in *camped normally* state, has only dedicated priorities other than
for the current frequency, the UE shall consider the current frequency
to be the lowest priority frequency (i.e. lower than any of the network
configured values). While the UE is camped on a suitable CSG cell in
normal coverage, the UE shall always consider the current frequency to
be the highest priority frequency (i.e. higher than any of the network
configured values), irrespective of any other priority value allocated
to this frequency. When the HSDN capable UE is in High-mobility state,
the UE shall always consider the HSDN cells to be the highest priority
(i.e. higher than any other network configured priorities). When the
HSDN capable UE is not in High-mobility state, the UE shall always
consider HSDN cells to be the lowest priority (i.e. lower than network
configured priorities). If the UE capable of sidelink communication is
configured to perform sidelink communication and can only perform the
sidelink communication while camping on a frequency, the UE may consider
that frequency to be the highest priority. If the UE capable of V2X
sidelink communication is configured to perform V2X sidelink
communication and can only perform the V2X sidelink communication while
camping on a frequency, the UE may consider that frequency to be the
highest priority. If the UE capable of V2X sidelink communication is
configured to perform V2X sidelink communication and can only use
pre-configuration while not camping on a frequency, the UE may consider
the frequency providing inter-carrier V2X sidelink configuration to be
the highest priority. If the UE capable of sidelink discovery is
configured to perform Public Safety related sidelink discovery and can
only perform the Public Safety related sidelink discovery while camping
on a frequency, the UE may consider that frequency to be the highest
priority.

NOTE 1: The prioritization among the frequencies which UE considers to
be the highest priority frequency is left to UE implementation.

If the UE is capable either of MBMS Service Continuity or of SC-PTM
reception and is receiving or interested to receive an MBMS service and
can only receive this MBMS service while camping on a frequency on which
it is provided, the UE may consider that frequency to be the highest
priority during the MBMS session TS 36.300 \[2\] as long as the two
following conditions are fulfilled:

1\) Either:

\- the UE is capable of MBMS service continuity and the reselected cell
is broadcasting SIB13; or

\- the UE is capable of SC-PTM reception and the reselected cell is
broadcasting SIB20;

2\) Either:

\- SIB15 of the serving cell indicates for that frequency one or more
MBMS SAIs included and associated with that frequency in the MBMS User
Service Description (USD) TS 26.346 \[22\] of this service; or

\- SIB15 is not broadcast in the serving cell and that frequency is
included in the USD of this service.

If the UE is capable either of MBMS Service Continuity or of SC-PTM
reception and is receiving or interested to receive an MBMS service
provided on a downlink only MBMS frequency, on a frequency used by
dedicated MBMS cells, on a frequency used by FeMBMS/Unicast-mixed cells
as defined in TS 36.300 \[2\], or on a frequency belonging to PLMN
different from its registered PLMN, the UE may consider cell reselection
candidate frequencies at which it cannot receive the MBMS service to be
of the lowest priority during the MBMS session TS 36.300 \[2\], as long
as the above mentioned condition 1) is fulfilled for the cell on the
MBMS frequency which the UE monitors or this cell broadcasts SIB1-MBMS
and as long as the above mentioned condition 2) is fulfilled for the
serving cell.

NOTE 2: Example scenarios in which the previous down-prioritisation may
be needed concerns the cases where camping is not possible, while the UE
can only receive this MBMS frequency when camping on a subset of cell
reselection candidate frequencies, e.g. the MBMS frequency is a downlink
only carrier, the MBMS frequency is used by dedicated MBMS cells, the
MBMS frequency is used by FeMBMS/Unicast-mixed cells TS 36.300 \[2\], or
the MBMS frequency belongs to a PLMN different from UE\'s registered
PLMN.

If the UE is not capable of MBMS Service Continuity but has knowledge on
which frequency an MBMS service of interest is provided, it may consider
that frequency to be the highest priority during the MBMS session TS
36.300 \[2\] as long as the reselected cell is broadcasting SIB13.

If the UE is not capable of MBMS Service Continuity but has knowledge on
which downlink only frequency, on which frequency used by dedicated MBMS
cells, on which frequency used by FeMBMS/Unicast-mixed cells as defined
in TS 36.300 \[2\] or on which frequency belonging to PLMN different
from its registered PLMN an MBMS service of interest is provided, it may
consider cell reselection candidate frequencies at which it cannot
receive the MBMS service to be of the lowest priority during the MBMS
session TS 36.300 \[2\] as long as the cell on the MBMS frequency which
the UE monitors is broadcasting SIB13 or SIB1-MBMS.

NOTE 3: The UE considers that the MBMS session is ongoing using the
session start and end times as provided by upper layers in the USD i.e.
the UE does not verify if the session is indicated on MCCH.

In case UE receives *RRCConnectionReject* with *deprioritisationReq*, UE
shall consider current carrier frequency and stored frequencies due to
the previously received *RRCConnectionReject* with *deprioritisationReq*
or all the frequencies of EUTRA to be the lowest priority frequency
(i.e. lower than any of the network configured values) while T325 is
running irrespective of camped RAT. The UE shall delete the stored
deprioritisation request(s) when a PLMN selection is performed on
request by NAS TS 23.122 \[5\].

NOTE 4: Connecting to CDMA2000 does not imply PLMN selection.

NOTE 5: UE should search for a higher priority layer for cell
reselection as soon as possible after the change of priority. The
minimum related performance requirements specified in TS 36.133 \[10\]
are still applicable.

The UE shall delete priorities provided by dedicated signalling when:

\- the UE enters a different RRC state; or

\- the optional validity time of dedicated priorities (T320) expires; or

\- a PLMN selection is performed on request by NAS TS 23.122 \[5\].

NOTE 6: Equal priorities between RATs are not supported.

The UE shall only perform cell reselection evaluation for E-UTRAN
frequencies and inter-RAT frequencies that are given in system
information and for which the UE has a priority provided.

The UE shall not consider any exclude-listed cells as candidate for cell
reselection.

The UE shall inherit the priorities provided by dedicated signalling and
the remaining validity time (i.e., T320 in E-UTRA and NR, T322 in UTRA
and T3230 in GERAN), if configured, at inter-RAT cell (re)selection.

NOTE 7: The network may assign dedicated cell reselection priorities for
frequencies not configured by system information.

While T360 is running, redistribution target is considered to be the
highest priority (i.e. higher than any of the network configured
values). UE shall continue to consider the serving frequency as the
highest priority until completion of E-UTRAN Inter-frequency
Redistribution procedure specified in 5.2.4.10 if triggered on T360
expiry/ stop.

\[TS 36.304, clause 5.2.4.2\]

For NB-IoT measurement rules for cell re-selection is defined in
sub-clause 5.2.4.2.a.

When evaluating Srxlev and Squal of non-serving cells for reselection
purposes, the UE shall use parameters provided by the serving cell.

Following rules are used by the UE to limit needed measurements:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~IntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~IntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform intra-frequency
measurements.

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform intra-frequency measurements.

\- The UE shall apply the following rules for E-UTRAN inter-frequencies
and inter-RAT frequencies which are indicated in system information and
for which the UE has priority provided as defined in 5.2.4.1:

\- For an E-UTRAN inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequency with a
reselection priority higher than the reselection priority of the current
E-UTRA frequency the UE shall perform measurements of higher priority
E-UTRAN inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequencies according to TS 36.133
\[10\].

\- For an E-UTRAN inter-frequency with an equal or lower reselection
priority than the reselection priority of the current E-UTRA frequency
and for inter-RAT frequency with lower reselection priority than the
reselection priority of the current E-UTRAN frequency:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform measurements of
E-UTRAN inter-frequencies or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower
priority unless the UE is triggered to measure an E-UTRAN
inter-frequency which is configured with *redistributionInterFreqInfo*.

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform measurements of E-UTRAN
inter-frequencies or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower
priority according to TS 36.133 \[10\].

\- If the UE supports relaxed monitoring and *s-SearchDeltaP* is present
in *SystemInformationBlockType3*, the UE may further limit the needed
measurements, as specified in sub-clause 5.2.4.12.

\[TS 36.304, clause 5.2.4.5\]

For NB-IoT inter-frequency cell reselection shall be based on ranking as
defined in sub-clause 5.2.4.6.

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is provided in *SystemInformationBlockType3*
and more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority E-UTRAN
frequency or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be
performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority EUTRAN, NR or UTRAN FDD RAT/ frequency
fulfils Squal \> Thresh~X,\ HighQ~ during a time interval
Treselection~RAT~; or

\- A cell of a higher priority UTRAN TDD, GERAN or CDMA2000 RAT/
frequency fulfils Srxlev \> Thresh~X,\ HighP~ during a time interval
Treselection~RAT~.

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority E-UTRAN
frequency or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be
performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \>
Thresh~X,\ HighP~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

\- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

Cell reselection to a cell on an equal priority E-UTRAN frequency shall
be based on ranking for Intra-frequency cell reselection as defined in
sub-clause 5.2.4.6.

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is provided in *SystemInformationBlockType3*
and more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority E-UTRAN
frequency or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be
performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Squal \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~ and a cell
of a lower priority EUTRAN, NR or UTRAN FDD RAT/ frequency fulfils Squal
\> Thresh~X,\ LowQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; or

\- The serving cell fulfils Squal \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~ and a cell
of a lower priority UTRAN TDD, GERAN or CDMA2000 RAT/ frequency fulfils
Srxlev \> Thresh~X,\ LowP~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~.

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority E-UTRAN
frequency or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be
performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Srxlev \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowP~ and a cell
of a lower priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \> Thresh~X,\ LowP~
during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

> \- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
> serving cell.

Cell reselection to a higher priority RAT/ frequency shall take
precedence over a lower priority RAT/ frequency, if multiple cells of
different priorities fulfil the cell reselection criteria.

The UE shall not perform cell reselection to NR or UTRAN FDD cells for
which the cell selection criterion S is not fulfilled.

For cdma2000 RATs, Srxlev is equal to -FLOOR(-2 x 10 x log10 Ec/Io) in
units of 0.5 dB, as defined in \[18\], with Ec/Io referring to the value
measured from the evaluated cell.

For cdma2000 RATs, Thresh~X,\ HighP~ and Thresh~X,\ LowP~ are equal to
-1 times the values signalled for the corresponding parameters in the
system information.

In all the above criteria the value of Treselection~RAT~ is scaled when
the UE is in the medium or high mobility state as defined in subclause
5.2.4.3.1. If more than one cell meets the above criteria, the UE shall
reselect a cell as follows:

\- If the highest-priority frequency is an E-UTRAN frequency, a cell
ranked as the best cell among the cells on the highest priority
frequency(ies) meeting the criteria according to clause 5.2.4.6;

\- If the highest-priority frequency is from another RAT, a cell ranked
as the best cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies)
meeting the criteria of that RAT.

Cell reselection to another RAT, for which Squal based cell reselection
parameters are broadcast in system information, shall be performed based
on the Squal criteria if the UE supports Squal (RSRQ) based cell
reselection to E-UTRAN from all the other RATs provided by system
information which UE supports. Otherwise, cell reselection to another
RAT shall be performed based on Srxlev criteria.

Cell reselection to NR, for which a cell reselection parameter,
*q-RxLevMinSUL* is broadcast in system information and the UE supports
SUL, shall be performed based on Srxlev criteria taking the parameter
into account.

##### 6.2.3.10.3 Test description {#test-description-58 .H6}

##### 6.2.3.10.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-58 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-40 .H6}

\- E-UTRA Cell 1, NR Cell 1.

\- NR Cell 1 is configured to operate in FR1 bands as defined in TS
38.508-1 \[4\] clause 6.2.3.

\- System information combination 1 as defined in TS 36.508 \[7\] clause
4.4.3.1 is used in E-UTRA Cell 1. *SystemInformationBlockType1* is
broadcasted with extended fields as specified in Table 6.2.3.10.3.3-1.
And *SystemInformationBlockType24* is broadcasted according to
scheduling information specified in Table 6.2.3.10.3.3-1.

\- System information combination NR-1 defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR Cell 1.

##### UE: {#ue-54 .H6}

\- None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-57 .H6}

\- With E-UTRA Cell 1 \"Non-suitable \"Off\" cell\" and NR Cell 1
\"Serving cell\" in accordance with TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 6.2.2.1-3,
the UE is brought to state RRC\_IDLE 1N-A, Connectivity (NR), in
accordance with the procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table
4.5.2.2-2. 5G-GUTI and ngKSI are assigned and security context
established.

\- The UE is switched-off

\- With E-UTRA Cell 1 \"Serving cell\" and NR Cell 1 \"Non-suitable
\"Off\" cell\" in accordance with TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 6.2.2.1-3,
the UE is brought to state RRC\_CONNECTED using generic procedure
parameters Connectivity (*E-UTRA/EPC*) and Unrestricted nr PDN (*On*) in
accordance with the procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], clause
4.5.4. 4G GUTI and eKSI are assigned and security context established.

##### 6.2.3.10.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-58 .H6}

Table 6.2.3.10.3.2-1 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the cell at various time instants
of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause. Row marked \"T0\"
denotes the conditions in the preamble. Configuration marked \"T1\"is
applied at the points indicated in the Main behaviour description in
Table 6.2.3.10.3.2-3.

Table 6.2.3.10.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for E-UTRA Cell 1 and NR Cell 1 in conducted test environment

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | **Par    | **Unit** | **       | NR       | **       |
|          | ameter** |          | E-UTRA** |          | Remark** |
|          |          |          |          | **Cell   |          |
|          |          |          | **Cell   | 1**      |          |
|          |          |          | 1**      |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| T0       | Cell-    | d        | -85      | \-       | The      |
|          | specific | Bm/15kHz |          |          | power    |
|          | RS EPRE  |          |          |          | level    |
|          |          |          |          |          | values   |
|          |          |          |          |          | are      |
|          |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |          |          |          | to       |
|          |          |          |          |          | ensure   |
|          |          |          |          |          | UE       |
|          |          |          |          |          | re       |
|          |          |          |          |          | gistered |
|          |          |          |          |          | on       |
|          |          |          |          |          | E-UTRA   |
|          |          |          |          |          | cell 1   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | \-       | Off      |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| T1       | Cell-    | d        | -95      | \-       | The      |
|          | specific | Bm/15kHz |          |          | power    |
|          | RS EPRE  |          |          |          | level    |
|          |          |          |          |          | values   |
|          |          |          |          |          | are      |
|          |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |          |          |          | to       |
|          |          |          |          |          | satisfy  |
|          |          |          |          |          | both     |
|          |          |          |          |          | Srx      |
|          |          |          |          |          | lev~NR\  |
|          |          |          |          |          | Cell\ 1~ |
|          |          |          |          |          | \>       |
|          |          |          |          |          | Thresh~  |
|          |          |          |          |          | x,\ low~ |
|          |          |          |          |          | and      |
|          |          |          |          |          | Srxlev~  |
|          |          |          |          |          | E-UTRA\  |
|          |          |          |          |          | Cell\ 1~ |
|          |          |          |          |          | \<       |
|          |          |          |          |          | Thres    |
|          |          |          |          |          | h~servin |
|          |          |          |          |          | g,\ low~ |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | \-       | -80      |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| > Note1: |          |          |          |          |          |
| > Power  |          |          |          |          |          |
| > level  |          |          |          |          |          |
| > "Off"  |          |          |          |          |          |
| > is     |          |          |          |          |          |
| >        |          |          |          |          |          |
|  defined |          |          |          |          |          |
| > in TS  |          |          |          |          |          |
| >        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 38.508-1 |          |          |          |          |          |
| > \[4\]  |          |          |          |          |          |
| > Table  |          |          |          |          |          |
| > 6.     |          |          |          |          |          |
| 2.2.1-3. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 6.2.3.10.3.2-2: Void

Table 6.2.3.10.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| St        | Procedure | Message   | TP        | Verdict |    |
|           |           | Sequence  |           |         |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+=========+====+
|           |           | U - S     | Message   |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1         | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | E-UTRA    |           |           |         |    |
|           | and NR    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell      |           |           |         |    |
|           | power     |           |           |         |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to row    |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"T1\" in |           |           |         |    |
|           | table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.2.3.    |           |           |         |    |
|           | 10.3.2-1. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1A        | Wait for  | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | 1s (Note  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 2).       |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1B        | The SS    | \<\--     | RRC:      | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *RRC      |         |    |
|           | an        |           | Connectio |         |    |
|           | *RRC      |           | nRelease* |         |    |
|           | Connectio |           |           |         |    |
|           | nRelease* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to        |           |           |         |    |
|           | release   |           |           |         |    |
|           | RRC       |           |           |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |         |    |
|           | and move  |           |           |         |    |
|           | to E-UTRA |           |           |         |    |
|           | R         |           |           |         |    |
|           | RC\_IDLE. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 2         | Check:    | \-        | \-        | 1       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | result of |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.9.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | indicate  |           |           |         |    |
|           | that the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE is     |           |           |         |    |
|           | camped on |           |           |         |    |
|           | NR Cell 1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | within    |           |           |         |    |
|           | 34s for   |           |           |         |    |
|           | FR1?      |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| The wait  |           |           |           |         |    |
| time for  |           |           |           |         |    |
| re        |           |           |           |         |    |
| selection |           |           |           |         |    |
| to an     |           |           |           |         |    |
| newly     |           |           |           |         |    |
| detected  |           |           |           |         |    |
| Inter-RAT |           |           |           |         |    |
| NR cell   |           |           |           |         |    |
| is        |           |           |           |         |    |
| selected  |           |           |           |         |    |
| to cover  |           |           |           |         |    |
| T~d       |           |           |           |         |    |
| etect,NR~ |           |           |           |         |    |
| (32s for  |           |           |           |         |    |
| FR1) +    |           |           |           |         |    |
| T~SI-NR~  |           |           |           |         |    |
| (1280 ms  |           |           |           |         |    |
| system    |           |           |           |         |    |
| in        |           |           |           |         |    |
| formation |           |           |           |         |    |
| block     |           |           |           |         |    |
| type      |           |           |           |         |    |
| sc        |           |           |           |         |    |
| heduling) |           |           |           |         |    |
| = 33.28s  |           |           |           |         |    |
| rounded   |           |           |           |         |    |
| up to 34s |           |           |           |         |    |
| for FR1 . |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| The wait  |           |           |           |         |    |
| time 1    |           |           |           |         |    |
| sec is    |           |           |           |         |    |
| added to  |           |           |           |         |    |
| allow the |           |           |           |         |    |
| NR cell   |           |           |           |         |    |
| to be     |           |           |           |         |    |
| setup     |           |           |           |         |    |
| before    |           |           |           |         |    |
| RRC is    |           |           |           |         |    |
| released  |           |           |           |         |    |
| on        |           |           |           |         |    |
| E-UTRAN.  |           |           |           |         |    |
| This will |           |           |           |         |    |
| avoid the |           |           |           |         |    |
| UE to     |           |           |           |         |    |
| miss the  |           |           |           |         |    |
| T         |           |           |           |         |    |
| detect,NR |           |           |           |         |    |
| window if |           |           |           |         |    |
| the NR    |           |           |           |         |    |
| cell is   |           |           |           |         |    |
| not up.   |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+

##### 6.2.3.10.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-56 .H6}

Table 6.2.3.10.3.3-1: *SystemInformationBlockType1* for E-UTRA cell 1
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.2.3.10.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.2-3                                                                                                                                                                    
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                         Value/Remark      Comment                                                                                                                Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                           
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                                      
  lateNonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                                  
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                                      
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                                      
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                                      
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                                      
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                                      
  schedulingInfoList-v12j0 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSI-Message)) OF SEQUENCE {   2 entries         It includes the same number of entries, and listed in the same order, as in *schedulingInfoList* (without suffix).     
  SchedulingInfo-v12j0\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                          entry 1                                                                                                                
  SIB-MappingInfo-v12j0                                                       Not present                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  SchedulingInfo-v12j0\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                          entry 2                                                                                                                
  SIB-MappingInfo-v12j0 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSIB-1)) OF SIB-Type-v12j0 {     1 entry                                                                                                                                  
  SIB-Type-v12j0\[1\]                                                         sibType24-v1530   entry 1, SIB24 is mapped into the SI message scheduled via *the second entry of schedulingInfoList (without suffix)*   
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

Table 6.2.3.10.3.3-2: *SystemInformationBlockType3* of E-UTRA Cell 1
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.2.3.10.3.2-3)

  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.3-2                            
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType3 ::= SEQUENCE {                                   
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {                                    
  threshServingLow                                    10             20 dB     
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.2.3.10.3.3-3: *SystemInformationBlockType24* of E-UTRA Cell 1
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.2.3.10.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.3-20                                                                             
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                         Value/Remark                             Comment   Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType24-r15 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                
  carrierFreqListNR-r15 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF CarrierFreqNR-r15 {   1 entry                                            
  CarrierFreqNR-r15\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                    entry 1   
  carrierFreq-r15                                                             Downlink NR ARFCN of SSB for NR Cell 1             
  cellReselectionPriority-r15                                                 3                                                  
  threshX-Low-r15                                                             10                                       20 dB     
  }                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                              

#### 6.2.3.11 Inter-RAT cell reselection / From E-UTRA\_IDLE to NR RRC\_IDLE / schedulingInfoListExt-r12

##### 6.2.3.11.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-60 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-124 .H6}

**with** { the UE is in E-UTRA IDLE state and
*SystemInformationBlockType24* scheduled by optional extended field
*schedulingInfoListExt-r12* in *SystemInformationBlockType1* is
broadcasted }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell re-selection criteria is met for a lower
priority NR cell }

**then** { UE reselects to the NR cell }

}

##### 6.2.3.11.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-60 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 36.331, clause 5.2.3 and 5.2.3a and TS 36.304, clause
5.2.4.1, 5.2.4.2 and 5.2.4.5. Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-15
requirements.

\[TS 36.331, clause 5.2.3\]

When acquiring an SI message, the UE shall:

1\> determine the start of the SI-window for the concerned SI message as
follows:

2\> if the concerned SI message is configured in the
*schedulingInfoList*, *schedulingInfoListExt* (if present) or if the
concerned SI message is configured in the *pos-schedulingInfoList* and
*si-posOffset* is not configured;

3\> for the concerned SI message, determine the number *n* which
corresponds to the order of entry in the concatenated list of SI
messages configured by *schedulingInfoList, schedulingInfoListExt (if
present)* and *posSchedulingInfoList* in *SystemInformationBlockType1*;

3\> determine the integer value *x* = (*n* -- 1)\**w*, where *w* is the
*si-WindowLength*;

3\> the SI-window starts at the subframe \#*a*, where *a* = *x* mod 10,
in the radio frame for which SFN mod *T* = FLOOR(*x*/10), where *T* is
the *si-Periodicity* of the concerned SI message;

2\> else if the concerned SI message is configured by the
*posSchedulingInfoList* and *si-posOffset* is configured determine the
start of the SI-window for the concerned SI message as follows:

3\> determine the number *m* which corresponds to the number of SI
messages with an associated *si-Periodicity* of 8 radio frames (80 ms),
configured by *schedulingInfoList* and *schedulingInfoListExt (if
present)* in *SystemInformationBlockType1*;

3\> for the concerned SI message, determine the number *n* which
corresponds to the order of entry in the list of SI messages configured
by *posSchedulingInfoList* in *SystemInformationBlockType1*;

3\> determine the integer value *x* = *m*\**w +* (*n* -- 1)\**w*, where
*w* is the *si-WindowLength*

3\> the SI-window starts at the subframe \#*a*, where *a* = *x* mod 10,
in the radio frame for which SFN mod *T* = FLOOR(*x*/10) + 8, where *T*
is the *si-posPeriodicity* of the concerned SI message;

NOTE: E-UTRAN should configure an SI-window of 1 ms only if all SIs are
scheduled before subframe \#5 in radio frames for which SFN mod 2 = 0.

1\> receive DL-SCH using the SI-RNTI from the start of the SI-window and
continue until the end of the SI-window whose absolute length in time is
given by *si-WindowLength*, or until the SI message was received,
excluding the following subframes:

2\> subframe \#5 in radio frames for which SFN mod 2 = 0;

2\> any MBSFN subframes;

2\> any uplink subframes in TDD;

1\> if the SI message was not received by the end of the SI-window,
repeat reception at the next SI-window occasion for the concerned SI
message;

\[TS 36.331, clause 5.2.3a\]

When acquiring an SI message, the BL UE or UE in CE or NB-IoT UE shall:

1\> determine the start of the SI-window for the concerned SI message as
follows:

2\> if the concerned SI message is configured in the
*schedulingInfoList*, *schedulingInfoListExt* (if present) or if the
concerned SI message is configured in the *pos-schedulingInfoList* and
*si-posOffset* is not configured;

3\> for the concerned SI message, determine the number *n* which
corresponds to the order of entry in the concatenated list of SI
messages configured by *schedulingInfoList, schedulingInfoListExt (if
present)* in *SystemInformationBlockType1-BR* (or
*SystemInformationBlockType1-NB in NB-IoT)* and *posSchedulingInfoList*
in *SystemInformationBlockType1-BR*;

3\> determine the integer value *x* = (*n* -- 1)\**w*, where *w* is the
*si-WindowLength-BR (or si-WindowLength in NB-IoT)*;

2\> else if the concerned SI message is configured by the
*posSchedulingInfoList* and *si-posOffset* is configured determine the
start of the SI-window for the concerned SI message as follows:

3\> determine the number *m* which corresponds to the number of SI
messages with an associated *si-Periodicity* of 8 radio frames (80 ms),
configured by *schedulingInfoList* and *schedulingInfoListExt (if
present)* in *SystemInformationBlockType1-BR*;

3\> for the concerned SI message, determine the number *n* which
corresponds to the order of entry in the list of SI messages configured
by *posSchedulingInfoList* in *SystemInformationBlockType1-BR*;

3\> determine the integer value *x* = *m*\**w +* (*n* -- 1)\**w*, where
*w* is the *si-WindowLength-BR*;

3\> the SI-window starts at the subframe \#*a*, where *a* = *x* mod 10,
in the radio frame for which SFN mod *T* = FLOOR(*x*/10) + 8, where *T*
is the *si-posPeriodicity* of the concerned SI message;

2\> if the UE is a NB-IoT UE:

3\> the SI-window starts at the subframe \#0 in the radio frame for
which (H-SFN \* 1024 + SFN) mod *T* = FLOOR(*x*/10) + Offset, where *T*
is the *si-Periodicity* of the concerned SI message and, Offset is the
offset of the start of the SI-Window (*si-RadioFrameOffset*);

2\> else:

3\> the SI-window starts at the subframe \#0 in the radio frame for
which SFN mod *T* = FLOOR(*x*/10), where *T* is the *si-Periodicity* of
the concerned SI message;

1\> if the UE is a NB-IoT UE:

2\> receive and accumulate SI message transmissions on DL-SCH from the
start of the SI-window and continue until the end of the SI-window whose
absolute length in time is given by *si-WindowLength, starting from the
radio frames as provided in si-RepetitionPattern and in subframes as
provided in downlinkBitmap*, or until successful decoding of the
accumulated SI message transmissions excluding the subframes used for
transmission of NPSS, NSSS, *MasterInformationBlock-NB/
MasterInformationBlock-TDD-NB* and *SystemInformationBlockType1-NB*. *If
there are not enough subframes for one SI message transmission in the
radio frames as provided in si-RepetitionPattern, the UE shall continue
to receive the SI message transmission in the radio frames following the
radio frame indicated in si-RepetitionPattern;*

1\> else:

2\> receive and accumulate SI message transmissions on DL-SCH on
narrowband provided by *si-Narrowband*, from the start of the SI-window
and continue until the end of the SI-window whose absolute length in
time is given by *si-WindowLength-BR, only in radio frames as provided
in si-RepetitionPattern and subframes as provided in*
*fdd-DownlinkOrTddSubframeBitmapBR in
bandwidthReducedAccessRelatedInfo*, or until successful decoding of the
accumulated SI message transmissions;

1\> if the SI message was not possible to decode from the accumulated SI
message transmissions by the end of the SI-window, continue reception
and accumulation of SI message transmissions on DL-SCH in the next
SI-window occasion for the concerned SI message;

\[TS 36.304, clause 5.2.4.1\]

Absolute priorities of different E-UTRAN frequencies or inter-RAT
frequencies may be provided to the UE in the system information, in the
*RRCConnectionRelease* message, or by inheriting from another RAT at
inter-RAT cell (re)selection. In the case of system information, an
E-UTRAN frequency or inter-RAT frequency may be listed without providing
a priority (i.e. the field *cellReselectionPriority* is absent for that
frequency). If priorities are provided in dedicated signalling, the UE
shall ignore all the priorities provided in system information. If UE is
in *camped on any cell* state, UE shall only apply the priorities
provided by system information from current cell, and the UE preserves
priorities provided by dedicated signalling and *deprioritisationReq*
received in *RRCConnectionReject* unless specified otherwise. When the
UE in *camped normally* state, has only dedicated priorities other than
for the current frequency, the UE shall consider the current frequency
to be the lowest priority frequency (i.e. lower than any of the network
configured values). While the UE is camped on a suitable CSG cell in
normal coverage, the UE shall always consider the current frequency to
be the highest priority frequency (i.e. higher than any of the network
configured values), irrespective of any other priority value allocated
to this frequency. When the HSDN capable UE is in High-mobility state,
the UE shall always consider the HSDN cells to be the highest priority
(i.e. higher than any other network configured priorities). When the
HSDN capable UE is not in High-mobility state, the UE shall always
consider HSDN cells to be the lowest priority (i.e. lower than network
configured priorities). If the UE capable of sidelink communication is
configured to perform sidelink communication and can only perform the
sidelink communication while camping on a frequency, the UE may consider
that frequency to be the highest priority. If the UE capable of V2X
sidelink communication is configured to perform V2X sidelink
communication and can only perform the V2X sidelink communication while
camping on a frequency, the UE may consider that frequency to be the
highest priority. If the UE capable of V2X sidelink communication is
configured to perform V2X sidelink communication and can only use
pre-configuration while not camping on a frequency, the UE may consider
the frequency providing inter-carrier V2X sidelink configuration to be
the highest priority. If the UE capable of sidelink discovery is
configured to perform Public Safety related sidelink discovery and can
only perform the Public Safety related sidelink discovery while camping
on a frequency, the UE may consider that frequency to be the highest
priority.

NOTE 1: The prioritization among the frequencies which UE considers to
be the highest priority frequency is left to UE implementation.

If the UE is capable either of MBMS Service Continuity or of SC-PTM
reception and is receiving or interested to receive an MBMS service and
can only receive this MBMS service while camping on a frequency on which
it is provided, the UE may consider that frequency to be the highest
priority during the MBMS session TS 36.300 \[2\] as long as the two
following conditions are fulfilled:

1\) Either:

\- the UE is capable of MBMS service continuity and the reselected cell
is broadcasting SIB13; or

\- the UE is capable of SC-PTM reception and the reselected cell is
broadcasting SIB20;

2\) Either:

\- SIB15 of the serving cell indicates for that frequency one or more
MBMS SAIs included and associated with that frequency in the MBMS User
Service Description (USD) TS 26.346 \[22\] of this service; or

\- SIB15 is not broadcast in the serving cell and that frequency is
included in the USD of this service.

If the UE is capable either of MBMS Service Continuity or of SC-PTM
reception and is receiving or interested to receive an MBMS service
provided on a downlink only MBMS frequency, on a frequency used by
dedicated MBMS cells, on a frequency used by FeMBMS/Unicast-mixed cells
as defined in TS 36.300 \[2\], or on a frequency belonging to PLMN
different from its registered PLMN, the UE may consider cell reselection
candidate frequencies at which it cannot receive the MBMS service to be
of the lowest priority during the MBMS session TS 36.300 \[2\], as long
as the above mentioned condition 1) is fulfilled for the cell on the
MBMS frequency which the UE monitors or this cell broadcasts SIB1-MBMS
and as long as the above mentioned condition 2) is fulfilled for the
serving cell.

NOTE 2: Example scenarios in which the previous down-prioritisation may
be needed concerns the cases where camping is not possible, while the UE
can only receive this MBMS frequency when camping on a subset of cell
reselection candidate frequencies, e.g. the MBMS frequency is a downlink
only carrier, the MBMS frequency is used by dedicated MBMS cells, the
MBMS frequency is used by FeMBMS/Unicast-mixed cells TS 36.300 \[2\], or
the MBMS frequency belongs to a PLMN different from UE\'s registered
PLMN.

If the UE is not capable of MBMS Service Continuity but has knowledge on
which frequency an MBMS service of interest is provided, it may consider
that frequency to be the highest priority during the MBMS session TS
36.300 \[2\] as long as the reselected cell is broadcasting SIB13.

If the UE is not capable of MBMS Service Continuity but has knowledge on
which downlink only frequency, on which frequency used by dedicated MBMS
cells, on which frequency used by FeMBMS/Unicast-mixed cells as defined
in TS 36.300 \[2\] or on which frequency belonging to PLMN different
from its registered PLMN an MBMS service of interest is provided, it may
consider cell reselection candidate frequencies at which it cannot
receive the MBMS service to be of the lowest priority during the MBMS
session TS 36.300 \[2\] as long as the cell on the MBMS frequency which
the UE monitors is broadcasting SIB13 or SIB1-MBMS.

NOTE 3: The UE considers that the MBMS session is ongoing using the
session start and end times as provided by upper layers in the USD i.e.
the UE does not verify if the session is indicated on MCCH.

In case UE receives *RRCConnectionReject* with *deprioritisationReq*, UE
shall consider current carrier frequency and stored frequencies due to
the previously received *RRCConnectionReject* with *deprioritisationReq*
or all the frequencies of EUTRA to be the lowest priority frequency
(i.e. lower than any of the network configured values) while T325 is
running irrespective of camped RAT. The UE shall delete the stored
deprioritisation request(s) when a PLMN selection is performed on
request by NAS TS 23.122 \[5\].

NOTE 4: Connecting to CDMA2000 does not imply PLMN selection.

NOTE 5: UE should search for a higher priority layer for cell
reselection as soon as possible after the change of priority. The
minimum related performance requirements specified in TS 36.133 \[10\]
are still applicable.

The UE shall delete priorities provided by dedicated signalling when:

\- the UE enters a different RRC state; or

\- the optional validity time of dedicated priorities (T320) expires; or

\- a PLMN selection is performed on request by NAS TS 23.122 \[5\].

NOTE 6: Equal priorities between RATs are not supported.

The UE shall only perform cell reselection evaluation for E-UTRAN
frequencies and inter-RAT frequencies that are given in system
information and for which the UE has a priority provided.

The UE shall not consider any exclude-listed cells as candidate for cell
reselection.

The UE shall inherit the priorities provided by dedicated signalling and
the remaining validity time (i.e., T320 in E-UTRA and NR, T322 in UTRA
and T3230 in GERAN), if configured, at inter-RAT cell (re)selection.

NOTE 7: The network may assign dedicated cell reselection priorities for
frequencies not configured by system information.

While T360 is running, redistribution target is considered to be the
highest priority (i.e. higher than any of the network configured
values). UE shall continue to consider the serving frequency as the
highest priority until completion of E-UTRAN Inter-frequency
Redistribution procedure specified in 5.2.4.10 if triggered on T360
expiry/ stop.

\[TS 36.304, clause 5.2.4.2\]

For NB-IoT measurement rules for cell re-selection is defined in
sub-clause 5.2.4.2.a.

When evaluating Srxlev and Squal of non-serving cells for reselection
purposes, the UE shall use parameters provided by the serving cell.

Following rules are used by the UE to limit needed measurements:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~IntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~IntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform intra-frequency
measurements.

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform intra-frequency measurements.

\- The UE shall apply the following rules for E-UTRAN inter-frequencies
and inter-RAT frequencies which are indicated in system information and
for which the UE has priority provided as defined in 5.2.4.1:

\- For an E-UTRAN inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequency with a
reselection priority higher than the reselection priority of the current
E-UTRA frequency the UE shall perform measurements of higher priority
E-UTRAN inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequencies according to TS 36.133
\[10\].

\- For an E-UTRAN inter-frequency with an equal or lower reselection
priority than the reselection priority of the current E-UTRA frequency
and for inter-RAT frequency with lower reselection priority than the
reselection priority of the current E-UTRAN frequency:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform measurements of
E-UTRAN inter-frequencies or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower
priority unless the UE is triggered to measure an E-UTRAN
inter-frequency which is configured with *redistributionInterFreqInfo*.

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform measurements of E-UTRAN
inter-frequencies or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower
priority according to TS 36.133 \[10\].

\- If the UE supports relaxed monitoring and *s-SearchDeltaP* is present
in *SystemInformationBlockType3*, the UE may further limit the needed
measurements, as specified in sub-clause 5.2.4.12.

\[TS 36.304, clause 5.2.4.5\]

For NB-IoT inter-frequency cell reselection shall be based on ranking as
defined in sub-clause 5.2.4.6.

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is provided in *SystemInformationBlockType3*
and more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority E-UTRAN
frequency or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be
performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority EUTRAN, NR or UTRAN FDD RAT/ frequency
fulfils Squal \> Thresh~X,\ HighQ~ during a time interval
Treselection~RAT~; or

\- A cell of a higher priority UTRAN TDD, GERAN or CDMA2000 RAT/
frequency fulfils Srxlev \> Thresh~X,\ HighP~ during a time interval
Treselection~RAT~.

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority E-UTRAN
frequency or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be
performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \>
Thresh~X,\ HighP~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

\- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

Cell reselection to a cell on an equal priority E-UTRAN frequency shall
be based on ranking for Intra-frequency cell reselection as defined in
sub-clause 5.2.4.6.

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is provided in *SystemInformationBlockType3*
and more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority E-UTRAN
frequency or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be
performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Squal \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~ and a cell
of a lower priority EUTRAN, NR or UTRAN FDD RAT/ frequency fulfils Squal
\> Thresh~X,\ LowQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; or

\- The serving cell fulfils Squal \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~ and a cell
of a lower priority UTRAN TDD, GERAN or CDMA2000 RAT/ frequency fulfils
Srxlev \> Thresh~X,\ LowP~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~.

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority E-UTRAN
frequency or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be
performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Srxlev \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowP~ and a cell
of a lower priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \> Thresh~X,\ LowP~
during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

> \- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
> serving cell.

Cell reselection to a higher priority RAT/ frequency shall take
precedence over a lower priority RAT/ frequency, if multiple cells of
different priorities fulfil the cell reselection criteria.

The UE shall not perform cell reselection to NR or UTRAN FDD cells for
which the cell selection criterion S is not fulfilled.

For cdma2000 RATs, Srxlev is equal to -FLOOR(-2 x 10 x log10 Ec/Io) in
units of 0.5 dB, as defined in \[18\], with Ec/Io referring to the value
measured from the evaluated cell.

For cdma2000 RATs, Thresh~X,\ HighP~ and Thresh~X,\ LowP~ are equal to
-1 times the values signalled for the corresponding parameters in the
system information.

In all the above criteria the value of Treselection~RAT~ is scaled when
the UE is in the medium or high mobility state as defined in subclause
5.2.4.3.1. If more than one cell meets the above criteria, the UE shall
reselect a cell as follows:

\- If the highest-priority frequency is an E-UTRAN frequency, a cell
ranked as the best cell among the cells on the highest priority
frequency(ies) meeting the criteria according to clause 5.2.4.6;

\- If the highest-priority frequency is from another RAT, a cell ranked
as the best cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies)
meeting the criteria of that RAT.

Cell reselection to another RAT, for which Squal based cell reselection
parameters are broadcast in system information, shall be performed based
on the Squal criteria if the UE supports Squal (RSRQ) based cell
reselection to E-UTRAN from all the other RATs provided by system
information which UE supports. Otherwise, cell reselection to another
RAT shall be performed based on Srxlev criteria.

Cell reselection to NR, for which a cell reselection parameter,
*q-RxLevMinSUL* is broadcast in system information and the UE supports
SUL, shall be performed based on Srxlev criteria taking the parameter
into account.

##### 6.2.3.11.3 Test description {#test-description-59 .H6}

##### 6.2.3.11.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-59 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-41 .H6}

\- E-UTRA Cell 1, NR Cell 1.

\- NR Cell 1 is configured to operate in FR1 bands as defined in TS
38.508-1 \[4\] clause 6.2.3.

\- System information combination 1 as defined in TS 36.508 \[7\] clause
4.4.3.1 is used in E-UTRA Cell 1. *SystemInformationBlockType1* is
broadcasted with extended fields as specified in Table 6.2.3.11.3.3-1.
And *SystemInformationBlockType24* is broadcasted according to
scheduling information specified in Table 6.2.3.11.3.3-1.

\- System information combination NR-1 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR Cell 1.

##### UE: {#ue-55 .H6}

\- None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-58 .H6}

\- With E-UTRA Cell 1 \"Non-suitable \"Off\" cell\" and NR Cell 1
\"Serving cell\" in accordance with TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 6.2.2.1-3,
the UE is brought to state RRC\_IDLE 1N-A, Connectivity (NR), in
accordance with the procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table
4.5.2.2-2. 5G-GUTI and ngKSI are assigned and security context
established.

\- the UE is switched-off

\- With E-UTRA Cell 1 \"Serving cell\" and NR Cell 1 \"Non-suitable
\"Off\" cell\" in accordance with TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 6.2.2.1-3,
the UE is brought to state RRC\_CONNECTED using generic procedure
parameters Connectivity (*E-UTRA/EPC*) and Unrestricted nr PDN (*On*) in
accordance with the procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], clause
4.5.4. 4G GUTI and eKSI are assigned and security context established.

##### 6.2.3.11.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-59 .H6}

Table 6.2.3.11.3.2-1 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the cell at various time instants
of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause. Row marked \"T0\"
denotes the conditions in the preamble. Configuration marked \"T1\"is
applied at the points indicated in the Main behaviour description in
Table 6.2.3.11.3.2-3.

Table 6.2.3.11.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for E-UTRA Cell 1 and NR Cell 1 in conducted test environment

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | **Par    | **Unit** | **       | NR       | **       |
|          | ameter** |          | E-UTRA** |          | Remark** |
|          |          |          |          | **Cell   |          |
|          |          |          | **Cell   | 1**      |          |
|          |          |          | 1**      |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| T0       | Cell-    | d        | -85      | \-       | The      |
|          | specific | Bm/15kHz |          |          | power    |
|          | RS EPRE  |          |          |          | level    |
|          |          |          |          |          | values   |
|          |          |          |          |          | are      |
|          |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |          |          |          | to       |
|          |          |          |          |          | ensure   |
|          |          |          |          |          | UE       |
|          |          |          |          |          | re       |
|          |          |          |          |          | gistered |
|          |          |          |          |          | on       |
|          |          |          |          |          | E-UTRA   |
|          |          |          |          |          | cell 1   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | \-       | Off      |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| T1       | Cell-    | d        | -95      | \-       | The      |
|          | specific | Bm/15kHz |          |          | power    |
|          | RS EPRE  |          |          |          | level    |
|          |          |          |          |          | values   |
|          |          |          |          |          | are      |
|          |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |          |          |          | to       |
|          |          |          |          |          | satisfy  |
|          |          |          |          |          | both     |
|          |          |          |          |          | Srx      |
|          |          |          |          |          | lev~NR\  |
|          |          |          |          |          | Cell\ 1~ |
|          |          |          |          |          | \>       |
|          |          |          |          |          | Thresh~  |
|          |          |          |          |          | x,\ low~ |
|          |          |          |          |          | and      |
|          |          |          |          |          | Srxlev~  |
|          |          |          |          |          | E-UTRA\  |
|          |          |          |          |          | Cell\ 1~ |
|          |          |          |          |          | \<       |
|          |          |          |          |          | Thres    |
|          |          |          |          |          | h~servin |
|          |          |          |          |          | g,\ low~ |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | \-       | -80      |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| > Note1: |          |          |          |          |          |
| > Power  |          |          |          |          |          |
| > level  |          |          |          |          |          |
| > "Off"  |          |          |          |          |          |
| > is     |          |          |          |          |          |
| >        |          |          |          |          |          |
|  defined |          |          |          |          |          |
| > in TS  |          |          |          |          |          |
| >        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 38.508-1 |          |          |          |          |          |
| > \[4\]  |          |          |          |          |          |
| > Table  |          |          |          |          |          |
| > 6.     |          |          |          |          |          |
| 2.2.1-3. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 6.2.3.11.3.2-2: Void

Table 6.2.3.11.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| St        | Procedure | Message   | TP        | Verdict |    |
|           |           | Sequence  |           |         |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+=========+====+
|           |           | U - S     | Message   |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1         | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | E-UTRAN   |           |           |         |    |
|           | and NR    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell      |           |           |         |    |
|           | power     |           |           |         |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to row    |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"T1\" in |           |           |         |    |
|           | table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.2.3.    |           |           |         |    |
|           | 11.3.2-1. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1A        | Wait for  | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | 1s (Note  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 2).       |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1B        | The SS    | \<\--     | RRC:      | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *RRC      |         |    |
|           | an        |           | Connectio |         |    |
|           | *RRC      |           | nRelease* |         |    |
|           | Connectio |           |           |         |    |
|           | nRelease* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to        |           |           |         |    |
|           | release   |           |           |         |    |
|           | RRC       |           |           |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |         |    |
|           | and move  |           |           |         |    |
|           | to E-UTRA |           |           |         |    |
|           | R         |           |           |         |    |
|           | RC\_IDLE. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 2         | Check:    | \-        | \-        | 1       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | result of |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.9.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | indicate  |           |           |         |    |
|           | that the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE is     |           |           |         |    |
|           | camped on |           |           |         |    |
|           | NR Cell 1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | within    |           |           |         |    |
|           | 34s for   |           |           |         |    |
|           | FR1?      |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| The wait  |           |           |           |         |    |
| time for  |           |           |           |         |    |
| re        |           |           |           |         |    |
| selection |           |           |           |         |    |
| to an     |           |           |           |         |    |
| newly     |           |           |           |         |    |
| detected  |           |           |           |         |    |
| Inter-RAT |           |           |           |         |    |
| NR cell   |           |           |           |         |    |
| is        |           |           |           |         |    |
| selected  |           |           |           |         |    |
| to cover  |           |           |           |         |    |
| T~d       |           |           |           |         |    |
| etect,NR~ |           |           |           |         |    |
| (32s for  |           |           |           |         |    |
| FR1) +    |           |           |           |         |    |
| T~SI-NR~  |           |           |           |         |    |
| (1280 ms  |           |           |           |         |    |
| system    |           |           |           |         |    |
| in        |           |           |           |         |    |
| formation |           |           |           |         |    |
| block     |           |           |           |         |    |
| type      |           |           |           |         |    |
| sc        |           |           |           |         |    |
| heduling) |           |           |           |         |    |
| = 33.28s  |           |           |           |         |    |
| rounded   |           |           |           |         |    |
| up to 34s |           |           |           |         |    |
| for FR1.  |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| The wait  |           |           |           |         |    |
| time 1    |           |           |           |         |    |
| sec is    |           |           |           |         |    |
| added to  |           |           |           |         |    |
| allow the |           |           |           |         |    |
| NR cell   |           |           |           |         |    |
| to be     |           |           |           |         |    |
| setup     |           |           |           |         |    |
| before    |           |           |           |         |    |
| RRC is    |           |           |           |         |    |
| released  |           |           |           |         |    |
| on        |           |           |           |         |    |
| E-UTRAN.  |           |           |           |         |    |
| This will |           |           |           |         |    |
| avoid the |           |           |           |         |    |
| UE to     |           |           |           |         |    |
| miss the  |           |           |           |         |    |
| T         |           |           |           |         |    |
| detect,NR |           |           |           |         |    |
| window if |           |           |           |         |    |
| the NR    |           |           |           |         |    |
| cell is   |           |           |           |         |    |
| not up.   |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+

##### 6.2.3.11.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-57 .H6}

Table 6.2.3.11.3.3-1: *SystemInformationBlockType1* for E-UTRA Cell 1
(Preamble and all steps)

  Derivation Path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.2-3                                                                     
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                       Value/Remark      Comment   Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                            
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                                                       
  lateNonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                                                   
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                                                       
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                                                       
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                                                       
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                                                       
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                                                                       
  schedulingInfoListExt-r12 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSI-Message)) OF SchedulingInfoExt-r12 {   1 entry                     
  SchedulingInfoExt-r12\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                       entry 1   
  si-Periodicity-r12                                                                        rf64                        
  SIB-MappingInfo-v12j0 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSIB-1)) OF SIB-Type-v12j0 {                   1 entry                     
  SIB-Type-v12j0\[1\]                                                                       sibType24-v1530   entry 1   
  }                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                     

Table 6.2.3.11.3.3-2: *SystemInformationBlockType3* of E-UTRA Cell 1
(preamble and all steps , Table 6.2.3.11.3.2-3)

  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.3-2                            
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType3 ::= SEQUENCE {                                   
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {                                    
  threshServingLow                                    10             20 dB     
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.2.3.11.3.3-3: *SystemInformationBlockType24* of E-UTRA Cell 1
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.2.3.11.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 36.508 \[7\], Table 4.4.3.3-20                                                                             
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                         Value/Remark                             Comment   Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType24-r15 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                
  carrierFreqListNR-r15 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF CarrierFreqNR-r15 {   1 entry                                            
  CarrierFreqNR-r15\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                    entry 1   
  carrierFreq-r15                                                             Downlink NR ARFCN of SSB for NR Cell 1             
  cellReselectionPriority-r15                                                 3                                                  
  threshX-Low-r15                                                             10                                       20 dB     
  }                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                              

6.3 5GS Steering of Roaming
---------------------------

### 6.3.1 Steering of Roaming

#### 6.3.1.1 Steering of UE in roaming during registration/security check successful using List Type 1

##### 6.3.1.1.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-61 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-125 .H6}

**with** { UE being in automatic PLMN selection mode, current VPLMN not
part of "PLMNs where registration was aborted due to SOR" List and not
part of \"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" list
and UE\'s USIM configured with indication that the UE is to receive
Steering of Roaming information due to initial registration in a VPLMN }

**ensure that** {

**when** { SOR Transparent container indicates ACK has been requested &
List Type indicates PLMN ID and Access technology list in REGISTRATION
ACCEPT and security check is successful }

**then** { UE sends ACK in REGISTRATION COMPLETE, waits for network
release of the NAS signalling connection and selects higher priority
PLMN }

}

##### 6.3.1.1.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-61 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 23.122, clause C.2. Unless otherwise stated these are
Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.2\]

6\) The VPLMN AMF to the UE: The VPLMN AMF shall transparently send the
received steering of roaming information to the UE in the REGISTRATION
ACCEPT message;

7\) If the steering of roaming information is received and the security
check is successful, then:

a\) if the steering of roaming information contains a secured packet
(see 3GPP TS 31.115 \[67\]):

\- if the UDM has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE the UE
shall send the REGISTRATION COMPLETE message;

\- the ME shall upload the secured packet to the USIM using procedures
in 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\].

NOTE 1: How the ME handles UICC responses and failures in communication
between the ME and UICC is implementation specific and out of scope of
this release of the specification.

\- if the UDM has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE and the
ME receives a USAT REFRESH command qualifier (3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]) of
type \"Steering of Roaming\" it shall perform items a), b) and c) of the
procedure for steering of roaming in subclause 4.4.6 and if the UE has a
list of available and allowable PLMNs in the area and based on this list
the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN than the
currently camped chosen VPLMN and the UE is in automatic network
selection mode, then the UE shall either:

i\) release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally and then
attempt to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN as specified in
subclause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T that controls periodic
attempts has expired. In this case, steps 8 to 11 are skipped; or

ii\) not release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally and
skip steps 8 to 10;

b\) if the steering of roaming information contains the list of
preferred PLMN/access technology combinations, the ME shall replace the
highest priority entries in the \"Operator Controlled PLMN Selector with
Access Technology\" list stored in the ME with the received list of
preferred PLMN/access technology combinations. Additionally, if the UDM
has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE and if the UE has a
list of available and allowable PLMNs in the area and based on this list
the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN than the
currently camped chosen VPLMN and the UE is in automatic network
selection mode, then the UE shall send the REGISTRATION COMPLETE message
to the serving AMF without including an SOR transparent container and
then either:

i\) release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally and then
attempt to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN as specified in
subclause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T that controls periodic
attempts has expired. In this case, steps 8 to 11 are skipped; or

ii\) not release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally and
skip steps 8 and 10;

8\) If:

a\) the UE\'s USIM is configured with indication that the UE is to
receive the steering of roaming information due to initial registration
in a VPLMN, but neither the list of preferred PLMN/access technology
combinations nor the secured packet nor the HPLMN indication that \'no
change of the \"Operator Controlled PLMN Selector with Access
Technology\" list stored in the UE is needed and thus no list of
preferred PLMN/access technology combinations is provided\' is received
in the REGISTRATION ACCEPT message, when the UE performs initial
registration in a VPLMN or if the steering of roaming information is
received but the security check is not successful; and

b\) the current chosen VPLMN is not contained in the list of \"PLMNs
where registration was aborted due to SOR\", not part of \"User
Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" list, the UE is not in
manual mode of operation and the PDU session for emergency services is
not pending to be activated;

then the UE shall send the REGISTRATION COMPLETE message to the serving
AMF without including an SOR transparent container, release the current
N1 NAS signalling connection locally, store the PLMN identity in the
list of \"PLMNs where registration was aborted due to SOR\" and attempt
to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN as specified in
subclause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T that controls periodic
attempts has expired, with an exception that the current PLMN is
considered as lowest priority, and skip steps 9 to 12;

NOTE 2: When the UE is in the manual mode of operation or the current
chosen VPLMN is part of the \"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access
Technology\" list, the UE stays on the VPLMN.

9\) The UE to the VPLMN AMF: If the UDM has requested an acknowledgement
from the UE:

the UE verified that the steering of roaming information has been
provided by the HPLMN in step 7, the UE sends the REGISTRATION COMPLETE
message to the serving AMF with an SOR transparent container including
the UE acknowledgement; and

if the steering of roaming information contained a secured packet and
the security check was successful, then when the UE receives the USAT
REFRESH command qualifier of type \"Steering of Roaming\", it performs
items a), b) and c) of the procedure for steering of roaming in
subclause 4.4.6.

10\) The AMF to the UDM: If an SOR transparent container is received in
the REGISTRATION COMPLETE message, the AMF uses the Nudm\_SDM\_Info
service operation to provide the received SOR transparent container to
the UDM. If the HPLMN decided that the UE is to acknowledge the
successful security check of the received steering of roaming
information in step 4, the UDM verifies that the acknowledgement is
provided by the UE as specified in 3GPP TS 33.501 \[66\];

11\) If the UE has a list of available PLMNs in the area and based on
this list the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN than
the currently camped chosen VPLMN and the UE is in automatic network
selection mode, then the UE shall attempt to obtain service on a higher
priority PLMN as specified in subclause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T
that controls periodic attempts has expired after the release of the N1
NAS signalling connection. If the N1 NAS signaling connection is not
released after implementation dependent time, the UE may locally release
the N1 signaling connection except when the UE is registered for
emergency services or the UE has an established emergency PDU session
(see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]); and

12\) The UE deletes the list of \"PLMNs where registration was aborted
due to SOR\".

The list of \"PLMNs where registration was aborted due to SOR\" is
deleted when the UE is switched off or the USIM is removed.

##### 6.3.1.1.3 Test Description {#test-description-60 .H6}

##### 6.3.1.1.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-60 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-42 .H6}

Three inter-frequency multi-PLMN NR Cells as specified in TS 38.508-1
\[4\] Table 4.4.2-1 are configured broadcasting PLMNs as indicated in
Table 6.3.1.1.3.1-1.

The PLMNs are identified in the test by the identifiers in Table
6.3.1.1.3.1-1. The MCC and MNC values corresponding to the PLMN
identifier shall understood as those specified in TS 36.523-1 \[42\],
Table 6.0.1-1.

Table 6.3.1.1.3.1--1: PLMN identifiers

  NR Cell      PLMN names
  ------------ ------------
               
  NR Cell 11   PLMN2
  NR Cell 12   PLMN13
  NR Cell 13   PLMN14

NR Cell 11 is set to \'\'Serving Cell";

NR Cell 12 is set to \'\'Serving Cell\'\';

NR Cell 13 is set to "Serving Cell\'\';

System Information Combination NR-1 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-56 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic PLMN selection mode.

\- USIM configuration as defined in Table 6.4.1-10 in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
will be used.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-59 .H6}

\- The UE is in Switched OFF (State 0-A) as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
Table 4.4A.2-0.

##### 6.3.1.1.4 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-60 .H6}

Table 6.3.1.1.4-1: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| St        | Procedure | Message   | TP        | Verdict |    |
|           |           | Sequence  |           |         |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+=========+====+
|           |           | U - S     | Message   |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1         | Power on  | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | the UE.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 2-14      | Steps 1   | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | to 13 of  |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | subclause |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 13.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 15        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *DLIn     |         |    |
|           | an        |           | formation |         |    |
|           | *DLIn     |           | Transfer* |         |    |
|           | formation |           |           |         |    |
|           | Transfer* |           | 5G MM:    |         |    |
|           | message   |           | REG       |         |    |
|           | and an    |           | ISTRATION |         |    |
|           | REG       |           | ACCEPT    |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | ACCEPT    |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ontaining |           |           |         |    |
|           | steering  |           |           |         |    |
|           | of        |           |           |         |    |
|           | roaming   |           |           |         |    |
|           | in        |           |           |         |    |
|           | formation |           |           |         |    |
|           | i         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ndicating |           |           |         |    |
|           | list of   |           |           |         |    |
|           | preferred |           |           |         |    |
|           | PL        |           |           |         |    |
|           | MN/access |           |           |         |    |
|           | t         |           |           |         |    |
|           | echnology |           |           |         |    |
|           | co        |           |           |         |    |
|           | mbination |           |           |         |    |
|           | provided  |           |           |         |    |
|           | with      |           |           |         |    |
|           | ackno     |           |           |         |    |
|           | wledgment |           |           |         |    |
|           | requested |           |           |         |    |
|           | from the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE for    |           |           |         |    |
|           | s         |           |           |         |    |
|           | uccessful |           |           |         |    |
|           | r         |           |           |         |    |
|           | eception. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 16        | SS starts | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | timer of  |           |           |         |    |
|           | tmax =(6  |           |           |         |    |
|           | minutes + |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |         |    |
|           | selection |           |           |         |    |
|           | time)     |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1,  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 2 and 3)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 17        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *ULIn     |         |    |
|           | UE        |           | formation |         |    |
|           | transmit  |           | Transfer* |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *ULIn     |           | 5G MM:    |         |    |
|           | formation |           | REG       |         |    |
|           | Transfer* |           | ISTRATION |         |    |
|           | message   |           | COMPLETE  |         |    |
|           | and       |           |           |         |    |
|           | REG       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | COMPLETE  |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | carrying  |           |           |         |    |
|           | acknow    |           |           |         |    |
|           | ledgement |           |           |         |    |
|           | of        |           |           |         |    |
|           | s         |           |           |         |    |
|           | uccessful |           |           |         |    |
|           | reception |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | steering  |           |           |         |    |
|           | of        |           |           |         |    |
|           | roaming   |           |           |         |    |
|           | inf       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ormation? |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |         |    |
|           | Step 18a1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | is        |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | in        |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | c\_noOf\_ |           |           |         |    |
|           | PDUsSameC |           |           |         |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |         |    |
|           | \> 0.     |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 18a1      | The       | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | for       |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE-       |           |           |         |    |
|           | requested |           |           |         |    |
|           | PDU       |           |           |         |    |
|           | session   |           |           |         |    |
|           | estab     |           |           |         |    |
|           | lishment, |           |           |         |    |
|           | specified |           |           |         |    |
|           | in        |           |           |         |    |
|           | subclause |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5A.2,   |           |           |         |    |
|           | takes     |           |           |         |    |
|           | place     |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | erforming |           |           |         |    |
|           | esta      |           |           |         |    |
|           | blishment |           |           |         |    |
|           | of        |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE-       |           |           |         |    |
|           | requested |           |           |         |    |
|           | PDU       |           |           |         |    |
|           | s         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ession(s) |           |           |         |    |
|           | with      |           |           |         |    |
|           | Exp       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ectedNumb |           |           |         |    |
|           | erOfNewPD |           |           |         |    |
|           | USessions |           |           |         |    |
|           | =         |           |           |         |    |
|           | pc        |           |           |         |    |
|           | \_noOf\_P |           |           |         |    |
|           | DUsSameCo |           |           |         |    |
|           | nnection. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 18        | Void.     | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
| a2-18a5a1 |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 18A       | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *RR       |         |    |
|           | an        |           | CRelease* |         |    |
|           | *RR       |           |           |         |    |
|           | CRelease* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 18        |           |           |         |    |
|           | Ba1-18Ba2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | if        |           |           |         |    |
|           | pc\_noOf\ |           |           |         |    |
|           | _PDUsNewC |           |           |         |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |         |    |
|           | \> 0 and  |           |           |         |    |
|           | the UE    |           |           |         |    |
|           | starts    |           |           |         |    |
|           | PDU       |           |           |         |    |
|           | session   |           |           |         |    |
|           | esta      |           |           |         |    |
|           | blishment |           |           |         |    |
|           | autom     |           |           |         |    |
|           | atically. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 18Ba1     | The       | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | for       |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE-       |           |           |         |    |
|           | requested |           |           |         |    |
|           | PDU       |           |           |         |    |
|           | session   |           |           |         |    |
|           | estab     |           |           |         |    |
|           | lishment, |           |           |         |    |
|           | specified |           |           |         |    |
|           | in        |           |           |         |    |
|           | subclause |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4         |           |           |         |    |
|           | .5.2.2-4, |           |           |         |    |
|           | takes     |           |           |         |    |
|           | place     |           |           |         |    |
|           | from step |           |           |         |    |
|           | 2 to 9a1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | erforming |           |           |         |    |
|           | esta      |           |           |         |    |
|           | blishment |           |           |         |    |
|           | of        |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE-       |           |           |         |    |
|           | requested |           |           |         |    |
|           | PDU       |           |           |         |    |
|           | s         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ession(s) |           |           |         |    |
|           | with      |           |           |         |    |
|           | Exp       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ectedNumb |           |           |         |    |
|           | erOfNewPD |           |           |         |    |
|           | USessions |           |           |         |    |
|           | =         |           |           |         |    |
|           | pc\_noOf\ |           |           |         |    |
|           | _PDUsNewC |           |           |         |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 13.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 18Ba2     | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *RR       |         |    |
|           | an        |           | CRelease* |         |    |
|           | *RR       |           |           |         |    |
|           | CRelease* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 19        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |         |    |
|           | UE        |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11   |           |           |         |    |
|           | before    |           |           |         |    |
|           | tmax      |           |           |         |    |
|           | expires?  |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1,  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 2 and 3)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 20-21     | Steps 3-4 | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | of Table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 4)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 22a1 to   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 22b5a1    |           |           |         |    |
|           | describe  |           |           |         |    |
|           | b         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ehaviours |           |           |         |    |
|           | which     |           |           |         |    |
|           | depend on |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | pa        |           |           |         |    |
|           | rameters; |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"lower   |           |           |         |    |
|           | case      |           |           |         |    |
|           | letter\"  |           |           |         |    |
|           | i         |           |           |         |    |
|           | dentifies |           |           |         |    |
|           | a step    |           |           |         |    |
|           | sequence  |           |           |         |    |
|           | that take |           |           |         |    |
|           | place if  |           |           |         |    |
|           | a         |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | parameter |           |           |         |    |
|           | has a     |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | articular |           |           |         |    |
|           | value.    |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 22a       | IF 5GS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
| 1-22a16a1 | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |         |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Initial   |           |           |         |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 21, THEN  |           |           |         |    |
|           | steps 5   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 22b1-22b2 | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 22        | ELSE IF   | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
| b3-22b5a1 | 5GS       |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |         |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Mobility  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 21, THEN  |           |           |         |    |
|           | steps 4   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to 6a1 of |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Timer     |           |           |           |         |    |
| tmax in   |           |           |           |         |    |
| steps 16  |           |           |           |         |    |
| and 19    |           |           |           |         |    |
| are       |           |           |           |         |    |
| derived   |           |           |           |         |    |
| from the  |           |           |           |         |    |
| high      |           |           |           |         |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN      |           |           |           |         |    |
| search    |           |           |           |         |    |
| timer T   |           |           |           |         |    |
| defined   |           |           |           |         |    |
| by        |           |           |           |         |    |
| EFHPPLMN  |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Following |           |           |           |         |    |
| attempts  |           |           |           |         |    |
| to access |           |           |           |         |    |
| the       |           |           |           |         |    |
| H         |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN/EHPL |           |           |           |         |    |
| MN/higher |           |           |           |         |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN in   |           |           |           |         |    |
| VPLMN is  |           |           |           |         |    |
| operator  |           |           |           |         |    |
| specific  |           |           |           |         |    |
| setting   |           |           |           |         |    |
| (Refer to |           |           |           |         |    |
| TS 23.122 |           |           |           |         |    |
| Rel-1     |           |           |           |         |    |
| 2).Hence, |           |           |           |         |    |
| window    |           |           |           |         |    |
| between   |           |           |           |         |    |
| 120s to   |           |           |           |         |    |
| T+        |           |           |           |         |    |
| Tolerance |           |           |           |         |    |
| is being  |           |           |           |         |    |
| used ,    |           |           |           |         |    |
| where the |           |           |           |         |    |
| high      |           |           |           |         |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN      |           |           |           |         |    |
| search    |           |           |           |         |    |
| timer T   |           |           |           |         |    |
| defined   |           |           |           |         |    |
| by        |           |           |           |         |    |
| EF        |           |           |           |         |    |
| ~HPPLMN.~ |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 3:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Tolerance |           |           |           |         |    |
| of 5min   |           |           |           |         |    |
| is added  |           |           |           |         |    |
| to allow  |           |           |           |         |    |
| time for  |           |           |           |         |    |
| the UE to |           |           |           |         |    |
| find the  |           |           |           |         |    |
| proper    |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN.     |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 4:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| The 5GS   |           |           |           |         |    |
| reg       |           |           |           |         |    |
| istration |           |           |           |         |    |
| type      |           |           |           |         |    |
| shall be  |           |           |           |         |    |
| only set  |           |           |           |         |    |
| as        |           |           |           |         |    |
| Mobility  |           |           |           |         |    |
| Reg       |           |           |           |         |    |
| istration |           |           |           |         |    |
| for R16   |           |           |           |         |    |
| onwards   |           |           |           |         |    |
| UEs       |           |           |           |         |    |
| according |           |           |           |         |    |
| to TS     |           |           |           |         |    |
| 24.501    |           |           |           |         |    |
| \[22\]    |           |           |           |         |    |
| subclause |           |           |           |         |    |
| 5.2.3.2.5 |           |           |           |         |    |
| specified |           |           |           |         |    |
| in        |           |           |           |         |    |
| Release   |           |           |           |         |    |
| 16        |           |           |           |         |    |
| onwards.  |           |           |           |         |    |
| The       |           |           |           |         |    |
| EXCEPTION |           |           |           |         |    |
| de        |           |           |           |         |    |
| scription |           |           |           |         |    |
| applies   |           |           |           |         |    |
| only to   |           |           |           |         |    |
| R15 UEs.  |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+

##### 6.3.1.1.5 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-58 .H6}

Table 6.3.1.1.5-1: *REGISTRATION ACCEPT for NR Cell 13* (step 15, Table
6.3.1.1.4-1)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-7                                                                                                                                                              
  -------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                Value/remark                                                                      Comment                                                                  Condition
  SOR Transparent Container                          Present                                                                           The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.   
  SoR-MAC-I~AUS~                                     Set to match the calculated SoR-MAC-I~AUS~ as the way defined in TS 33.501 A.17                                                                            
  CounterSOR                                         Value generated as per TS 33.501 Cl 6.14.2.3                                                                                                               
  SOR data type                                      0                                                                                 The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.   
  List indication value                              1                                                                                 List of preferred PLMN/access technology combinations is provided        
  List type                                          1                                                                                 The list type is a PLMN ID and access technology list                    
  Acknowledgement (ACK) value                        1                                                                                 Acknowledgement requested                                                
  PLMN ID 1                                          PLMN2                                                                                                                                                      
  Access Technology Identifier 1                     NG-RAN                                                                                                                                                     

Table 6.3.1.1.5-2: Void

Table 6.3.1.1.5-3: *REGISTRATION COMPLETE for NR Cell 13* (step 17,
Table 6.3.1.1.4-1)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-8                                                                                                                                          
  -------------------------------------------------- -------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                Value/remark   Comment                                                                                                                 Condition
  SOR Transparent Container                          Present        The SOR transparent container carries acknowledgement of successful reception of the steering of roaming information.   
  SOR data type                                      1              The SOR transparent container carries acknowledgement of successful reception of the steering of roaming information.   

Table 6.3.1.1.5-4: Void

Table 6.3.1.1.5-5: *REGISTRATION ACCEPT for NR Cell 11* (step 22a10,
Table 6.3.1.1.4-1)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-7                                                                                                                                                            
  -------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                Value/remark                                                                    Comment                                                                  Condition
  SOR Transparent Container                          Present                                                                         The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.   
  SoR-MAC-IAUS                                       Set to match the calculated SoR-MAC-IAUS as the way defined in TS 33.501 A.17                                                                            
  CounterSOR                                         Value generated as per TS 33.501 Cl 6.14.2.3                                                                                                             
  SOR data type                                      0                                                                               The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.   
  List indication value                              1                                                                               List of preferred PLMN/access technology combinations is provided        
  List type                                          1                                                                               The list type is a PLMN ID and access technology list                    
  Acknowledgement (ACK) value                        1                                                                               Acknowledgement requested                                                
  PLMN ID 1                                          PLMN2                                                                                                                                                    
  Access Technology Identifier 1                     NG-RAN                                                                                                                                                   

Table 6.3.1.1.5-6: *REGISTRATION COMPLETE for NR Cell 11* (step 22a11,
Table 6.3.1.1.4-1)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-8                                                                                                                                          
  -------------------------------------------------- -------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                Value/remark   Comment                                                                                                                 Condition
  SOR Transparent Container                          Present        The SOR transparent container carries acknowledgement of successful reception of the steering of roaming information.   
  SOR data type                                      1              The SOR transparent container carries acknowledgement of successful reception of the steering of roaming information.   

#### 6.3.1.2 Steering of UE in roaming during registration/security check successful but SOR Transparent container indicates ACK has been NOT been requested

##### 6.3.1.2.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-62 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-126 .H6}

**with** { UE being in automatic PLMN selection mode, current VPLMN not
part of "PLMNs where registration was aborted due to SOR" List and not
part of \"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" list
and UE\'s USIM configured with indication that the UE is to receive
Steering of Roaming information due to initial registration in a VPLMN }

**ensure that** {

**when** { SOR Transparent container indicates ACK has NOT been
requested & List Type indicates PLMN ID and Access technology list in
REGISTRATION ACCEPT and security check is successful and if the UE has a
list of available and allowable PLMNs in the area and based on this list
the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN than the
currently camped chosen VPLMN }

**then** { the UE shall send the REGISTRATION COMPLETE message to the
serving AMF without including an SOR transparent container and then
either  releases N1 NAS Signaling connection locally and then attempt to
obtain service on a higher priority PLMN or optionally wait for network
release of the NAS signalling connection and then selects higher
priority PLMN }

}

##### 6.3.1.2.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-62 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 23.122, clause C.2, TS 24.501 clause 4.4.4.2 and
5.5.1.2.4. Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.2\]

6\) The VPLMN AMF to the UE: The VPLMN AMF shall transparently send the
received steering of roaming information to the UE in the REGISTRATION
ACCEPT message;

7\) If the steering of roaming information is received and the security
check is successful, then:

a\) if the steering of roaming information contains a secured packet
(see 3GPP TS 31.115 \[67\]):

\- if the UDM has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE the UE
shall send the REGISTRATION COMPLETE message;

\- the ME shall upload the secured packet to the USIM using procedures
in 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\].

NOTE 1: How the ME handles UICC responses and failures in communication
between the ME and UICC is implementation specific and out of scope of
this release of the specification.

\- if the UDM has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE and the
ME receives a USAT REFRESH command qualifier (3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]) of
type \"Steering of Roaming\" it shall perform items a), b) and c) of the
procedure for steering of roaming in subclause 4.4.6 and if the UE has a
list of available and allowable PLMNs in the area and based on this list
the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN than the
currently camped chosen VPLMN and the UE is in automatic network
selection mode, then the UE shall either:

i\) release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally and then
attempt to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN as specified in
subclause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T that controls periodic
attempts has expired. In this case, steps 8 to 11 are skipped; or

ii\) not release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally and
skip steps 8 to 10;

b\) if the steering of roaming information contains the list of
preferred PLMN/access technology combinations, the ME shall replace the
highest priority entries in the \"Operator Controlled PLMN Selector with
Access Technology\" list stored in the ME with the received list of
preferred PLMN/access technology combinations. Additionally, if the UDM
has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE and if the UE has a
list of available and allowable PLMNs in the area and based on this list
the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN than the
currently camped chosen VPLMN and the UE is in automatic network
selection mode, then the UE shall send the REGISTRATION COMPLETE message
to the serving AMF without including an SOR transparent container and
then either:

i\) release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally and then
attempt to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN as specified in
subclause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T that controls periodic
attempts has expired. In this case, steps 8 to 11 are skipped; or

ii\) not release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally and
skip steps 8 and 10;

8\) If:

a\) the UE\'s USIM is configured with indication that the UE is to
receive the steering of roaming information due to initial registration
in a VPLMN, but neither the list of preferred PLMN/access technology
combinations nor the secured packet nor the HPLMN indication that \'no
change of the \"Operator Controlled PLMN Selector with Access
Technology\" list stored in the UE is needed and thus no list of
preferred PLMN/access technology combinations is provided\' is received
in the REGISTRATION ACCEPT message, when the UE performs initial
registration in a VPLMN or if the steering of roaming information is
received but the security check is not successful; and

b\) the current chosen VPLMN is not contained in the list of \"PLMNs
where registration was aborted due to SOR\", not part of \"User
Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" list, the UE is not in
manual mode of operation and the PDU session for emergency services is
not pending to be activated;

then the UE shall send the REGISTRATION COMPLETE message to the serving
AMF without including an SOR transparent container, release the current
N1 NAS signalling connection locally, store the PLMN identity in the
list of \"PLMNs where registration was aborted due to SOR\" and attempt
to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN as specified in
subclause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T that controls periodic
attempts has expired, with an exception that the current PLMN is
considered as lowest priority, and skip steps 9 to 12;

NOTE 2: When the UE is in the manual mode of operation or the current
chosen VPLMN is part of the \"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access
Technology\" list, the UE stays on the VPLMN.

9\) The UE to the VPLMN AMF: If the UDM has requested an acknowledgement
from the UE:

the UE verified that the steering of roaming information has been
provided by the HPLMN in step 7, the UE sends the REGISTRATION COMPLETE
message to the serving AMF with an SOR transparent container including
the UE acknowledgement; and

if the steering of roaming information contained a secured packet and
the security check was successful, then when the UE receives the USAT
REFRESH command qualifier of type \"Steering of Roaming\", it performs
items a), b) and c) of the procedure for steering of roaming in
subclause 4.4.6.

10\) The AMF to the UDM: If an SOR transparent container is received in
the REGISTRATION COMPLETE message, the AMF uses the Nudm\_SDM\_Info
service operation to provide the received SOR transparent container to
the UDM. If the HPLMN decided that the UE is to acknowledge the
successful security check of the received steering of roaming
information in step 4, the UDM verifies that the acknowledgement is
provided by the UE as specified in 3GPP TS 33.501 \[66\];

11\) If the UE has a list of available PLMNs in the area and based on
this list the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN than
the currently camped chosen VPLMN and the UE is in automatic network
selection mode, then the UE shall attempt to obtain service on a higher
priority PLMN as specified in subclause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T
that controls periodic attempts has expired after the release of the N1
NAS signalling connection. If the N1 NAS signaling connection is not
released after implementation dependent time, the UE may locally release
the N1 signaling connection except when the UE is registered for
emergency services or the UE has an established emergency PDU session
(see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]); and

12\) The UE deletes the list of \"PLMNs where registration was aborted
due to SOR\".

The list of \"PLMNs where registration was aborted due to SOR\" is
deleted when the UE is switched off or the USIM is removed.

\[TS 24.501 clause 4.4.4.2\]

...

The network can provide the SOR transparent container IE during the
registration procedure to the UE in the REGISTRATION ACCEPT message. The
SOR transparent container IE is integrity protected by the HPLMN as
specified in 3GPP TS 33.501 \[24\].

...

\[TS 24.501 clause 5.5.1.2.4\]

...

If the REGISTRATION ACCEPT message includes the SOR transparent
container IE and the SOR transparent container IE successfully passes
the integrity check (see 3GPP TS 33.501 \[24\]):

a\) the UE shall proceed with the behaviour as specified in
3GPP TS 23.122 \[5\] annex C; and

b\) if the registration procedure is performed over 3GPP access and the
UE attempts obtaining service on another PLMNs as specified in
3GPP TS 23.122 \[5\] annex C, then the UE may locally release the
established N1 NAS signalling connection after sending a REGISTRATION
COMPLETE message. Otherwise the UE shall send a REGISTRATION COMPLETE
message and not release the current N1 NAS signalling connection
locally. If an acknowledgement is requested in the SOR transparent
container IE of the REGISTRATION ACCEPT message, the UE acknowledgement
is included in the SOR transparent container IE of the REGISTRATION
COMPLETE message.

If the SOR transparent container IE successfully passes the integrity
check (see 3GPP TS 33.501 \[24\]), indicates list of preferred
PLMN/access technology combinations is provided and the list type
indicates:

a\) \"PLMN ID and access technology list\", then the ME shall replace
the highest priority entries in the \"Operator Controlled PLMN Selector
with Access Technology\" list stored in the ME and shall proceed with
the behaviour as specified in 3GPP TS 23.122 \[5\] annex C; or

b\) \"secured packet\", then the ME shall behave as if a SMS is received
with protocol identifier set to SIM data download, data coding scheme
set to class 2 message and SMS payload as secured packet contents of SOR
transparent container IE. The SMS payload is forwarded to UICC as
specified in 3GPP TS 23.040 \[4A\] and the ME shall proceed with the
behaviour as specified in 3GPP TS 23.122 \[5\] annex C.

...

##### 6.3.1.2.3 Test Description {#test-description-61 .H6}

##### 6.3.1.2.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-61 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-43 .H6}

\- Three inter-frequency multi-PLMN NR Cells as specified in TS 38.508-1
\[4\] Table 4.4.2-1 are configured broadcasting PLMNs as indicated in
Table 6.3.1.2.3.1-1.

\- The PLMNs are identified in the test by the identifiers in Table
6.3.1.2.3.1-1. The MCC and MNC values corresponding to the PLMN
identifier shall understood as those specified in TS 36.523-1 \[42\],
Table 6.0.1-1.

Table 6.3.1.2.3.1-1: PLMN identifiers

  NR Cell      PLMN names
  ------------ ------------
  NR Cell 11   PLMN2
  NR Cell 12   PLMN13
  NR Cell 13   PLMN14

NR Cell 11 is set to \'\'Serving Cell";

NR Cell 12 is set to \'\'Serving Cell\'\';

NR Cell 13 is set to "Serving Cell\'\';

System Information Combination NR-1 as defined in TS38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-57 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic PLMN selection mode.

\- USIM configuration as defined in Table 6.4.1-10 in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
will be used.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-60 .H6}

\- The UE is in Switched OFF (State 0-A) as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
Table 4.4A.2-0.

##### 6.3.1.2.4 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-61 .H6}

Table 6.3.1.2.4-1: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| St        | Procedure | Message   | TP        | Verdict |    |
|           |           | Sequence  |           |         |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+=========+====+
|           |           | U - S     | Message   |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1         | Power on  | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | the UE.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 2-14      | Steps 1   | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | to 13 of  |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | subclause |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 13.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 15        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *DLIn     |         |    |
|           | an        |           | formation |         |    |
|           | *DLIn     |           | Transfer* |         |    |
|           | formation |           |           |         |    |
|           | Transfer* |           | 5G MM:    |         |    |
|           | message   |           | REG       |         |    |
|           | and a     |           | ISTRATION |         |    |
|           | REG       |           | ACCEPT    |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | ACCEPT    |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ontaining |           |           |         |    |
|           | steering  |           |           |         |    |
|           | of        |           |           |         |    |
|           | roaming   |           |           |         |    |
|           | in        |           |           |         |    |
|           | formation |           |           |         |    |
|           | i         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ndicating |           |           |         |    |
|           | that      |           |           |         |    |
|           | ackno     |           |           |         |    |
|           | wledgment |           |           |         |    |
|           | is not    |           |           |         |    |
|           | requested |           |           |         |    |
|           | from the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE for    |           |           |         |    |
|           | s         |           |           |         |    |
|           | uccessful |           |           |         |    |
|           | r         |           |           |         |    |
|           | eception. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 16        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | also      |           |           |         |    |
|           | starts    |           |           |         |    |
|           | timer of  |           |           |         |    |
|           | tmax = (6 |           |           |         |    |
|           | minutes + |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |         |    |
|           | selection |           |           |         |    |
|           | time)     |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1,  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 2 and 3)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 17        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *ULIn     |         |    |
|           | UE        |           | formation |         |    |
|           | transmit  |           | Transfer* |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *ULIn     |           | 5G MM:    |         |    |
|           | formation |           | REG       |         |    |
|           | Transfer* |           | ISTRATION |         |    |
|           | message   |           | COMPLETE  |         |    |
|           | and       |           |           |         |    |
|           | REG       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | COMPLETE  |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | without   |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steering  |           |           |         |    |
|           | of        |           |           |         |    |
|           | Roaming   |           |           |         |    |
|           | Tr        |           |           |         |    |
|           | ansparent |           |           |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ontainer? |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 18        |           |           |         |    |
|           | a1-18a3a2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | IF        |           |           |         |    |
|           | pc\_SOR\  |           |           |         |    |
|           | _ACKNotRe |           |           |         |    |
|           | qLocalRel |           |           |         |    |
|           | is False, |           |           |         |    |
|           | ELSE step |           |           |         |    |
|           | 18b1 is   |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |         |    |
|           | Step      |           |           |         |    |
|           | 18a1a1 is |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | in        |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | c\_noOf\_ |           |           |         |    |
|           | PDUsSameC |           |           |         |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |         |    |
|           | \> 0.     |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 18a1a1    | The       | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | for       |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE-       |           |           |         |    |
|           | requested |           |           |         |    |
|           | PDU       |           |           |         |    |
|           | session   |           |           |         |    |
|           | estab     |           |           |         |    |
|           | lishment, |           |           |         |    |
|           | specified |           |           |         |    |
|           | in        |           |           |         |    |
|           | subclause |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5A.2,   |           |           |         |    |
|           | takes     |           |           |         |    |
|           | place     |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | erforming |           |           |         |    |
|           | esta      |           |           |         |    |
|           | blishment |           |           |         |    |
|           | of        |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE-       |           |           |         |    |
|           | requested |           |           |         |    |
|           | PDU       |           |           |         |    |
|           | s         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ession(s) |           |           |         |    |
|           | with      |           |           |         |    |
|           | Exp       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ectedNumb |           |           |         |    |
|           | erOfNewPD |           |           |         |    |
|           | USessions |           |           |         |    |
|           | =         |           |           |         |    |
|           | pc        |           |           |         |    |
|           | \_noOf\_P |           |           |         |    |
|           | DUsSameCo |           |           |         |    |
|           | nnection. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 18a2      | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *RR       |         |    |
|           | an        |           | CRelease* |         |    |
|           | *RR       |           |           |         |    |
|           | CRelease* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 18a3      |           |           |         |    |
|           | a1-18a3a2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | if        |           |           |         |    |
|           | pc\_noOf\ |           |           |         |    |
|           | _PDUsNewC |           |           |         |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |         |    |
|           | \> 0 and  |           |           |         |    |
|           | the UE    |           |           |         |    |
|           | starts    |           |           |         |    |
|           | PDU       |           |           |         |    |
|           | session   |           |           |         |    |
|           | esta      |           |           |         |    |
|           | blishment |           |           |         |    |
|           | autom     |           |           |         |    |
|           | atically. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 18a3a1    | The       | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | for       |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE-       |           |           |         |    |
|           | requested |           |           |         |    |
|           | PDU       |           |           |         |    |
|           | session   |           |           |         |    |
|           | estab     |           |           |         |    |
|           | lishment, |           |           |         |    |
|           | specified |           |           |         |    |
|           | in        |           |           |         |    |
|           | subclause |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4         |           |           |         |    |
|           | .5.2.2-4, |           |           |         |    |
|           | takes     |           |           |         |    |
|           | place     |           |           |         |    |
|           | from step |           |           |         |    |
|           | 2 to 9a1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | erforming |           |           |         |    |
|           | esta      |           |           |         |    |
|           | blishment |           |           |         |    |
|           | of        |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE-       |           |           |         |    |
|           | requested |           |           |         |    |
|           | PDU       |           |           |         |    |
|           | s         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ession(s) |           |           |         |    |
|           | with      |           |           |         |    |
|           | Exp       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ectedNumb |           |           |         |    |
|           | erOfNewPD |           |           |         |    |
|           | USessions |           |           |         |    |
|           | =         |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | c\_noOf\_ |           |           |         |    |
|           | PDUsNewCo |           |           |         |    |
|           | nnection. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 18a3a2    | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *RR       |         |    |
|           | an        |           | CRelease* |         |    |
|           | *RR       |           |           |         |    |
|           | CRelease* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 18        | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
| a4-18a5a1 |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 18b1      | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | locally   |           |           |         |    |
|           | releases  |           |           |         |    |
|           | the RRC   |           |           |         |    |
|           | co        |           |           |         |    |
|           | nnection. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 19        | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 20        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |         |    |
|           | UE        |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11   |           |           |         |    |
|           | before    |           |           |         |    |
|           | tmax      |           |           |         |    |
|           | expires?  |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1,  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 2 and 3)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 21        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *         |         |    |
|           | an        |           | RRCSetup* |         |    |
|           | *         |           |           |         |    |
|           | RRCSetup* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 22        | The UE    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *RRCSetup |         |    |
|           | an        |           | Complete* |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetup |           |           |         |    |
|           | Complete* |           | 5GMM:     |         |    |
|           | message   |           | REG       |         |    |
|           | and a     |           | ISTRATION |         |    |
|           | REG       |           | REQUEST   |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | REQUEST   |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11.  |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 4)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 23a1 to   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 23b5a1    |           |           |         |    |
|           | describe  |           |           |         |    |
|           | b         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ehaviours |           |           |         |    |
|           | which     |           |           |         |    |
|           | depend on |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | pa        |           |           |         |    |
|           | rameters; |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"lower   |           |           |         |    |
|           | case      |           |           |         |    |
|           | letter\"  |           |           |         |    |
|           | i         |           |           |         |    |
|           | dentifies |           |           |         |    |
|           | a step    |           |           |         |    |
|           | sequence  |           |           |         |    |
|           | that take |           |           |         |    |
|           | place if  |           |           |         |    |
|           | a         |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | parameter |           |           |         |    |
|           | has a     |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | articular |           |           |         |    |
|           | value.    |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 23a       | IF 5GS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
| 1-23a15a1 | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |         |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Initial   |           |           |         |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 22, THEN  |           |           |         |    |
|           | steps 5   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 23b1-23b2 | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 23        | ELSE IF   | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
| b3-23b5a1 | 5GS       |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |         |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Mobility  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 22, THEN  |           |           |         |    |
|           | steps 4   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to 6a1 of |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 24-26     | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Timer     |           |           |           |         |    |
| tmax in   |           |           |           |         |    |
| steps 16  |           |           |           |         |    |
| and 20    |           |           |           |         |    |
| are       |           |           |           |         |    |
| derived   |           |           |           |         |    |
| from the  |           |           |           |         |    |
| high      |           |           |           |         |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN      |           |           |           |         |    |
| search    |           |           |           |         |    |
| timer T   |           |           |           |         |    |
| defined   |           |           |           |         |    |
| by        |           |           |           |         |    |
| EFHPPLMN. |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Following |           |           |           |         |    |
| attempts  |           |           |           |         |    |
| to access |           |           |           |         |    |
| the       |           |           |           |         |    |
| H         |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN/EHPL |           |           |           |         |    |
| MN/higher |           |           |           |         |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN in   |           |           |           |         |    |
| VPLMN is  |           |           |           |         |    |
| operator  |           |           |           |         |    |
| specific  |           |           |           |         |    |
| setting   |           |           |           |         |    |
| (Refer to |           |           |           |         |    |
| TS 23.122 |           |           |           |         |    |
| Rel-12).  |           |           |           |         |    |
| Hence,    |           |           |           |         |    |
| window    |           |           |           |         |    |
| between   |           |           |           |         |    |
| 120s to   |           |           |           |         |    |
| T+        |           |           |           |         |    |
| Tolerance |           |           |           |         |    |
| is being  |           |           |           |         |    |
| used,     |           |           |           |         |    |
| where the |           |           |           |         |    |
| high      |           |           |           |         |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN      |           |           |           |         |    |
| search    |           |           |           |         |    |
| timer T   |           |           |           |         |    |
| defined   |           |           |           |         |    |
| by        |           |           |           |         |    |
| EF        |           |           |           |         |    |
| ~HPPLMN.~ |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 3:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Tolerance |           |           |           |         |    |
| of 5min   |           |           |           |         |    |
| is added  |           |           |           |         |    |
| to allow  |           |           |           |         |    |
| time for  |           |           |           |         |    |
| the UE to |           |           |           |         |    |
| find the  |           |           |           |         |    |
| proper    |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN.     |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 4:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| The 5GS   |           |           |           |         |    |
| reg       |           |           |           |         |    |
| istration |           |           |           |         |    |
| type      |           |           |           |         |    |
| shall be  |           |           |           |         |    |
| only set  |           |           |           |         |    |
| as        |           |           |           |         |    |
| Mobility  |           |           |           |         |    |
| Reg       |           |           |           |         |    |
| istration |           |           |           |         |    |
| for       |           |           |           |         |    |
| Rel-16    |           |           |           |         |    |
| onwards   |           |           |           |         |    |
| UEs       |           |           |           |         |    |
| according |           |           |           |         |    |
| to TS     |           |           |           |         |    |
| 24.501    |           |           |           |         |    |
| subclause |           |           |           |         |    |
| 5.2.3.2.5 |           |           |           |         |    |
| specified |           |           |           |         |    |
| in        |           |           |           |         |    |
| Release   |           |           |           |         |    |
| 16        |           |           |           |         |    |
| onwards.  |           |           |           |         |    |
| The       |           |           |           |         |    |
| EXCEPTION |           |           |           |         |    |
| de        |           |           |           |         |    |
| scription |           |           |           |         |    |
| applies   |           |           |           |         |    |
| only to   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Rel-15    |           |           |           |         |    |
| UEs.      |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+

##### 6.3.1.2.5 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-59 .H6}

Table 6.3.1.2.5-1: *REGISTRATION ACCEPT for NR Cell 13* (step 15, Table
6.3.1.2.4-1)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-7                                                                                                                                                              
  -------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                Value/remark                                                                      Comment                                                                  Condition
  SOR Transparent Container                          Present                                                                           The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.   
  SoR-MAC-I~AUS~                                     Set to match the calculated SoR-MAC-I~AUS~ as the way defined in TS 33.501 A.17                                                                            
  CounterSOR                                         Value generated as per TS 33.501 Cl 6.14.2.3                                                                                                               
  SOR data type                                      0                                                                                 The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.   
  List indication value                              1                                                                                 List of preferred PLMN/access technology combinations is provided        
  List type                                          1                                                                                 The list type is a PLMN ID and access technology list                    
  Acknowledgement (ACK) value                        0                                                                                 Acknowledgement is NOT requested                                         
  PLMN ID 1                                          PLMN2                                                                                                                                                      
  Access Technology Identifier 1                     NG-RAN                                                                                                                                                     
  PLMN ID 2                                          PLMN13                                                                                                                                                     
  Access Technology Identifier 2                     NG-RAN                                                                                                                                                     
  PLMN ID 3                                          PLMN14                                                                                                                                                     
  Access Technology Identifier 3                     NG-RAN                                                                                                                                                     

Table 6.3.1.2.5-2: Void

Table 6.3.1.2.5-3: *REGISTRATION COMPLETE for NR Cell 13* (step 17,
Table 6.3.1.2.4-1)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-8                                                                                                          
  -------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                Value/remark   Comment                                                                                 Condition
  SOR Transparent Container                          Not Present    The SOR transparent container should not be present when ACK is not requested by UDM.   

Table 6.3.1.2.5-4: *REGISTRATION ACCEPT for NR Cell 11* (step 23a10,
Table 6.3.1.2.4-1)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-7                                                                                                                                                            
  -------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                Value/remark                                                                    Comment                                                                  Condition
  SOR Transparent Container                          Present                                                                         The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.   
  SoR-MAC-IAUS                                       Set to match the calculated SoR-MAC-IAUS as the way defined in TS 33.501 A.17                                                                            
  CounterSOR                                         Value generated as per TS 33.501 Cl 6.14.2.3                                                                                                             
  SOR data type                                      0                                                                               The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.   
  List indication value                              1                                                                               List of preferred PLMN/access technology combinations is provided        
  List type                                          1                                                                               The list type is a PLMN ID and access technology list                    
  Acknowledgement (ACK) value                        0                                                                               Acknowledgement is NOT requested                                         
  PLMN ID 1                                          PLMN2                                                                                                                                                    
  Access Technology Identifier 1                     NG-RAN                                                                                                                                                   
  PLMN ID 2                                          PLMN13                                                                                                                                                   
  Access Technology Identifier 2                     NG-RAN                                                                                                                                                   
  PLMN ID 3                                          PLMN14                                                                                                                                                   
  Access Technology Identifier 3                     NG-RAN                                                                                                                                                   

#### 6.3.1.3 Steering of UE in roaming during registration/security check unsuccessful/Automatic mode

##### 6.3.1.3.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-63 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-127 .H6}

**with** { UE being in automatic PLMN selection mode **and** current
VPLMN not part of "PLMNs where registration was aborted due to SOR" List
and not part of \"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\"
list **and** UE\'s USIM configured with indication that the UE is to
receive Steering of Roaming information due to initial registration in a
VPLMN }

**ensure that** {

**when** { Security check on the steering of roaming information SOR
Transparent container is unsuccessful }

**then** { UE sends REGISTRATION COMPLETE message to the serving AMF
without including an SOR transparent container **and** releases the
current N1 NAS signalling connection locally and attempts to obtain
service on a higher priority PLMN }

}

##### 6.3.1.3.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-63 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 23.122, clause C.2. Unless otherwise stated these are
Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.2\]

8\) If:

a\) the UE\'s USIM is configured with indication that the UE is to
receive the steering of roaming information due to initial registration
in a VPLMN, but neither the list of preferred PLMN/access technology
combinations nor the secured packet nor the HPLMN indication that \'no
change of the \"Operator Controlled PLMN Selector with Access
Technology\" list stored in the UE is needed and thus no list of
preferred PLMN/access technology combinations is provided\' is received
in the REGISTRATION ACCEPT message, when the UE performs initial
registration in a VPLMN or if the steering of roaming information is
received but the security check is not successful; and

b\) the current chosen VPLMN is not contained in the list of \"PLMNs
where registration was aborted due to SOR\", not part of \"User
Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" list, the UE is not in
manual mode of operation and the PDU session for emergency services is
not pending to be activated;

then the UE shall send the REGISTRATION COMPLETE message to the serving
AMF without including an SOR transparent container, release the current
N1 NAS signalling connection locally, store the PLMN identity in the
list of \"PLMNs where registration was aborted due to SOR\" and attempt
to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN as specified in
subclause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T that controls periodic
attempts has expired, with an exception that the current PLMN is
considered as lowest priority, and skip steps 9 to 12;

NOTE 2: When the UE is in the manual mode of operation or the current
chosen VPLMN is part of the \"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access
Technology\" list, the UE stays on the VPLMN.

##### 6.3.1.3.3 Test Description {#test-description-62 .H6}

##### 6.3.1.3.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-62 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-44 .H6}

\- Three inter-frequency multi-PLMN NR Cells as specified in TS 38.508-1
\[4\] Table 4.4.2-1 are configured broadcasting PLMNs as indicated in
Table 6.3.1.3.3.1-1.

\- The PLMNs are identified in the test by the identifiers in Table
6.3.1.3.3.1-1. The MCC and MNC values corresponding to the PLMN
identifier shall understood as those specified in TS 36.523-1 \[42\],
Table 6.0.1-1.

Table 6.3.1.3.3.1-1: PLMN identifiers

  NR Cell      PLMN names
  ------------ ------------
  NR Cell 11   PLMN2
  NR Cell 12   PLMN13
  NR Cell 13   PLMN14

NR Cell 11 is set to \'\'Serving Cell\'\';

NR Cell 12 is set to \'\'Serving Cell\'\';

NR Cell 13 is set to "Serving Cell\'\';

System Information Combination NR-1 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-58 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic PLMN selection mode.

\- USIM configuration as defined in Table 6.4.1-10 of TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
will be used.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-61 .H6}

\- The UE is in Switched OFF (State 0-A) as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
Table 4.4A.2-0.

##### 6.3.1.3.4 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-62 .H6}

Table 6.3.1.3.4-1: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| St        | Procedure | Message   | TP        | Verdict |    |
|           |           | Sequence  |           |         |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+=========+====+
|           |           | U - S     | Message   |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1         | Power on  | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | the UE.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 2-14      | Steps 1   | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | to 13 of  |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 13.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 15        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *DLIn     |         |    |
|           | a         |           | formation |         |    |
|           | *DLIn     |           | Transfer* |         |    |
|           | formation |           |           |         |    |
|           | Transfer* |           | 5G MM:    |         |    |
|           | message   |           | REG       |         |    |
|           | and a     |           | ISTRATION |         |    |
|           | REG       |           | ACCEPT    |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | ACCEPT    |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ontaining |           |           |         |    |
|           | steering  |           |           |         |    |
|           | of        |           |           |         |    |
|           | roaming   |           |           |         |    |
|           | inf       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ormation, |           |           |         |    |
|           | includes  |           |           |         |    |
|           | unmatched |           |           |         |    |
|           | SOR-MA    |           |           |         |    |
|           | C-I~AUSF~ |           |           |         |    |
|           | that will |           |           |         |    |
|           | result in |           |           |         |    |
|           | uns       |           |           |         |    |
|           | uccessful |           |           |         |    |
|           | security  |           |           |         |    |
|           | check     |           |           |         |    |
|           | while on  |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE        |           |           |         |    |
|           | r         |           |           |         |    |
|           | eception. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 16        | SS starts | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | timer of  |           |           |         |    |
|           | tmax =(6  |           |           |         |    |
|           | minutes + |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |         |    |
|           | selection |           |           |         |    |
|           | time)     |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1,  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 2 and 3)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 17        | The UE    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1       | P  |
|           | transmits |           | *ULIn     |         |    |
|           | an        |           | formation |         |    |
|           | *ULIn     |           | Transfer* |         |    |
|           | formation |           |           |         |    |
|           | Transfer* |           | 5G MM:    |         |    |
|           | message   |           | REG       |         |    |
|           | and       |           | ISTRATION |         |    |
|           | REG       |           | COMPLETE  |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | COMPLETE  |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | without   |           |           |         |    |
|           | including |           |           |         |    |
|           | an SOR    |           |           |         |    |
|           | tr        |           |           |         |    |
|           | ansparent |           |           |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ontainer. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 18-21a1   | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 22        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | locally   |           |           |         |    |
|           | releases  |           |           |         |    |
|           | the RRC   |           |           |         |    |
|           | co        |           |           |         |    |
|           | nnection. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 23        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |         |    |
|           | UE        |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | transmits |           |           |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 12   |           |           |         |    |
|           | before    |           |           |         |    |
|           | tmax      |           |           |         |    |
|           | expires?  |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1,  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 2 and 3)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 24        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *         |         |    |
|           | an        |           | RRCSetup* |         |    |
|           | *         |           |           |         |    |
|           | RRCSetup* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 12.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 25        | The UE    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *RRCSetup |         |    |
|           | an        |           | Complete* |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetup |           |           |         |    |
|           | Complete* |           | 5GMM:     |         |    |
|           | message   |           | REG       |         |    |
|           | and a     |           | ISTRATION |         |    |
|           | REG       |           | REQUEST   |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | REQUEST   |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 12.  |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 4)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 25A --    | Steps 4   | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
| 25F       | to 9 of   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.8.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 26 --     | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
| 28a1      |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Timer     |           |           |           |         |    |
| tmax in   |           |           |           |         |    |
| step 16   |           |           |           |         |    |
| is        |           |           |           |         |    |
| derived   |           |           |           |         |    |
| from the  |           |           |           |         |    |
| high      |           |           |           |         |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN      |           |           |           |         |    |
| search    |           |           |           |         |    |
| timer T   |           |           |           |         |    |
| defined   |           |           |           |         |    |
| by        |           |           |           |         |    |
| E         |           |           |           |         |    |
| F~HPPLMN~ |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Following |           |           |           |         |    |
| attempts  |           |           |           |         |    |
| to access |           |           |           |         |    |
| the       |           |           |           |         |    |
| H         |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN/EHPL |           |           |           |         |    |
| MN/higher |           |           |           |         |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN in   |           |           |           |         |    |
| VPLMN is  |           |           |           |         |    |
| operator  |           |           |           |         |    |
| specific  |           |           |           |         |    |
| setting   |           |           |           |         |    |
| (Refer to |           |           |           |         |    |
| TS 23.122 |           |           |           |         |    |
| Rel-12).  |           |           |           |         |    |
| Hence,    |           |           |           |         |    |
| window    |           |           |           |         |    |
| between   |           |           |           |         |    |
| 120s to   |           |           |           |         |    |
| T+        |           |           |           |         |    |
| Tolerance |           |           |           |         |    |
| is being  |           |           |           |         |    |
| used ,    |           |           |           |         |    |
| where the |           |           |           |         |    |
| high      |           |           |           |         |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN      |           |           |           |         |    |
| search    |           |           |           |         |    |
| timer T   |           |           |           |         |    |
| defined   |           |           |           |         |    |
| by        |           |           |           |         |    |
| E         |           |           |           |         |    |
| F~HPPLMN~ |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 3:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Tolerance |           |           |           |         |    |
| of 5min   |           |           |           |         |    |
| is added  |           |           |           |         |    |
| to allow  |           |           |           |         |    |
| time for  |           |           |           |         |    |
| the UE to |           |           |           |         |    |
| find the  |           |           |           |         |    |
| proper    |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN.     |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 4:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| The 5GS   |           |           |           |         |    |
| reg       |           |           |           |         |    |
| istration |           |           |           |         |    |
| type      |           |           |           |         |    |
| shall be  |           |           |           |         |    |
| only set  |           |           |           |         |    |
| as        |           |           |           |         |    |
| Mobility  |           |           |           |         |    |
| Reg       |           |           |           |         |    |
| istration |           |           |           |         |    |
| for       |           |           |           |         |    |
| Rel-16    |           |           |           |         |    |
| onwards   |           |           |           |         |    |
| UEs       |           |           |           |         |    |
| according |           |           |           |         |    |
| to TS     |           |           |           |         |    |
| 24.501    |           |           |           |         |    |
| subclause |           |           |           |         |    |
| 5.2.3.2.5 |           |           |           |         |    |
| specified |           |           |           |         |    |
| in        |           |           |           |         |    |
| Release   |           |           |           |         |    |
| 16        |           |           |           |         |    |
| onwards.  |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+

##### 6.3.1.3.5 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-60 .H6}

Table 6.3.1.3.5-1: *REGISTRATION ACCEPT for NR Cell 13* (step 15, Table
6.3.1.3.4-1)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-7                                                                                                                                                               
  -------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                Value/remark                                                                       Comment                                                                  Condition
  SOR Transparent Container                          Present                                                                            The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.   
  SoR-MAC-IAUS                                       Set to mismatch the calculated SoR-MAC-IAUS as the way defined in TS 33.501 A.17                                                                            
  CounterSOR                                         Value generated as per TS 33.501 Cl 6.14.2.3                                                                                                                
  SOR data type                                      0                                                                                  The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.   
  List indication value                              1                                                                                  List of preferred PLMN/access technology combinations is provided        
  List type                                          1                                                                                  The list type is a PLMN ID and access technology list                    
  Acknowledgement (ACK) value                        1                                                                                  Acknowledgement requested                                                
  PLMN ID 1                                          PLMN2                                                                                                                                                       
  Access Technology Identifier 1                     NG-RAN                                                                                                                                                      

Table 6.3.1.3.5-2: Void

Table 6.3.1.3.5-3: *REGISTRATION COMPLETE for NR Cell 13* (step 17,
Table 6.3.1.3.4-1)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-8                                                                                                   
  -------------------------------------------------- -------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                Value/remark   Comment                                                                          Condition
  SOR Transparent Container                          Not Present    The SOR transparent container is not included in REGISTRATION COMPLETE message   

Table 6.3.1.3.5-4: *Void*

Table 6.3.1.3.5-5: *Void*

Table 6.3.1.3.5-6: REGISTRATION REJECT (step 25E, Table 6.3.1.3.4-1)

  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------------------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.7.1-9                                            
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment                   Condition
  5GMM cause                                          '00010110'B    Cause \#22 (Congestion)   
  T3346 Value                                         '00100001'B    1 minute                  
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------------------- -----------

#### 6.3.1.4 Steering of UE in roaming during registration/security check unsuccessful/Manual mode

##### 6.3.1.4.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-64 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-128 .H6}

**with** {UE being in manual PLMN selection mode **and** current VPLMN
not part of "PLMNs where registration was aborted due to SOR" List and
not part of \"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\"
list **and** UE\'s USIM configured with indication that the UE is to
receive Steering of Roaming information due to initial registration in a
VPLMN}

**ensure that** {

**when** {Security check on the steering of roaming information SOR
Transparent container is unsuccessful}

**then** {UE sends REGISTRATION COMPLETE message to the serving AMF
without including an SOR transparent container **and** stays on this
VPLMN}

}

##### 6.3.1.4.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-64 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 23.122, clause C.2. Unless otherwise stated these are
Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.2\]

6\) The VPLMN AMF to the UE: The VPLMN AMF shall transparently send the
received steering of roaming information to the UE in the REGISTRATION
ACCEPT message;

7\) If the steering of roaming information is received and the security
check is successful, then:

a\) if the steering of roaming information contains a secured packet
(see 3GPP TS 31.115 \[67\]):

\- if the UDM has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE the UE
shall send the REGISTRATION COMPLETE message;

\- the ME shall upload the secured packet to the USIM using procedures
in 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\];

NOTE 1: How the ME handles UICC responses and failures in communication
between the ME and UICC is implementation specific and out of scope of
this release of the specification.

\- if the UDM has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE and the
ME receives a USAT REFRESH command qualifier (3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]) of
type \"Steering of Roaming\" it shall perform items a), b) and c) of the
procedure for steering of roaming in subclause 4.4.6 and if the UE has a
list of available and allowable PLMNs in the area and based on this list
the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN than the
currently camped chosen VPLMN and the UE is in automatic network
selection mode, then the UE shall either:

i\) release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally and then
attempt to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN as specified in
subclause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T that controls periodic
attempts has expired. In this case, steps 8 to 11 are skipped; or

ii\) not release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally and
skip steps 8 to 10;

b\) if the steering of roaming information contains the list of
preferred PLMN/access technology combinations, the ME shall replace the
highest priority entries in the \"Operator Controlled PLMN Selector with
Access Technology\" list stored in the ME with the received list of
preferred PLMN/access technology combinations. Additionally, if the UDM
has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE and if the UE has a
list of available and allowable PLMNs in the area and based on this list
the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN than the
currently camped chosen VPLMN and the UE is in automatic network
selection mode, then the UE shall send the REGISTRATION COMPLETE message
to the serving AMF without including an SOR transparent container and
then either:

i\) release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally and then
attempt to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN as specified in
subclause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T that controls periodic
attempts has expired. In this case, steps 8 to 11 are skipped; or

ii\) not release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally and
skip steps 8 to 10;

8\) If:

a\) the UE\'s USIM is configured with indication that the UE is to
receive the steering of roaming information due to initial registration
in a VPLMN, but neither the list of preferred PLMN/access technology
combinations nor the secured packet nor the HPLMN indication that \'no
change of the \"Operator Controlled PLMN Selector with Access
Technology\" list stored in the UE is needed and thus no list of
preferred PLMN/access technology combinations is provided\' is received
in the REGISTRATION ACCEPT message, when the UE performs initial
registration in a VPLMN or if the steering of roaming information is
received but the security check is not successful; and

b\) the current chosen VPLMN is not contained in the list of \"PLMNs
where registration was aborted due to SOR\", not part of \"User
Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" list, the UE is not in
manual mode of operation and the PDU session for emergency services is
not pending to be activated;

then the UE shall send the REGISTRATION COMPLETE message to the serving
AMF without including an SOR transparent container, release the current
N1 NAS signalling connection locally, store the PLMN identity in the
list of \"PLMNs where registration was aborted due to SOR\" and attempt
to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN as specified in
subclause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T that controls periodic
attempts has expired, with an exception that the current PLMN is
considered as lowest priority, and skip steps 9 to 12;

NOTE 2: When the UE is in the manual mode of operation or the current
chosen VPLMN is part of the \"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access
Technology\" list, the UE stays on the VPLMN.

9\) The UE to the VPLMN AMF: If the UDM has requested an acknowledgement
from the UE:

the UE verified that the steering of roaming information has been
provided by the HPLMN in step 7, the UE sends the REGISTRATION COMPLETE
message to the serving AMF with an SOR transparent container including
the UE acknowledgement; and

if the steering of roaming information contained a secured packet and
the security check was successful, then when the UE receives the USAT
REFRESH command qualifier of type \"Steering of Roaming\", it performs
items a), b) and c) of the procedure for steering of roaming in
subclause 4.4.6.

10\) The AMF to the UDM: If an SOR transparent container is received in
the REGISTRATION COMPLETE message, the AMF uses the Nudm\_SDM\_Info
service operation to provide the received SOR transparent container to
the UDM. If the HPLMN decided that the UE is to acknowledge the
successful security check of the received steering of roaming
information in step 4, the UDM verifies that the acknowledgement is
provided by the UE as specified in 3GPP TS 33.501 \[66\];

11\) If the UE has a list of available PLMNs in the area and based on
this list the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN than
the currently camped chosen VPLMN and the UE is in automatic network
selection mode, then the UE shall attempt to obtain service on a higher
priority PLMN as specified in subclause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T
that controls periodic attempts has expired after the release of the N1
NAS signalling connection. If the N1 NAS signalling connection is not
released after implementation dependent time, the UE may locally release
the N1 signalling connection except when the UE is registered for
emergency services or the UE has an established emergency PDU session
(see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]); and

12\) The UE deletes the list of \"PLMNs where registration was aborted
due to SOR\".

The list of \"PLMNs where registration was aborted due to SOR\" is
deleted when the UE is switched off or the USIM is removed.

##### 6.3.1.4.3 Test Description {#test-description-63 .H6}

##### 6.3.1.4.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-63 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-45 .H6}

> \- Two inter-frequency multi-PLMN NR Cells as specified in TS 38.508-1
> \[4\] Table 4.4.2-1 are configured broadcasting PLMNs as indicated in
> Table 6.3.1.4.3.1-1.
>
> \- The PLMNs are identified in the test by the identifiers in Table
> 6.3.1.4.3.1-1. The MCC and MNC values corresponding to the PLMN
> identifier shall understood as those specified in TS 36.523-1 \[42\],
> Table 6.0.1-1.

Table 6.3.1.4.3.1-1: PLMN identifiers

  NR Cell      PLMN names
  ------------ ------------
               
  NR Cell 11   PLMN2
  NR Cell 12   PLMN13

NR Cell 11 is set to \"Serving Cell\";

NR Cell 12 is set to \"Serving Cell\";

System Information Combination NR-1 as defined in TS 38.508 \[4\] clause
4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-59 .H6}

\- The UE is in Manual PLMN selection mode.

\- USIM configuration as defined in Table 6.4.1-10 in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
will be used.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-62 .H6}

\- The UE is in Switched OFF (State 0-A) as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
Table 4.4A.2-0

##### 6.3.1.4.4 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-63 .H6}

Table 6.3.1.4.4-1: Main behaviour

+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| St      | Procedure  | Message    | TP         | Verdict |    |
|         |            | Sequence   |            |         |    |
+=========+============+============+============+=========+====+
|         |            | U - S      | Message    |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 1       | Power on   | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | the UE     |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 2       | PLMN13 is  | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | manually   |            |            |         |    |
|         | selected   |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 3-15    | Steps 1 to | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | 13 of the  |            |            |         |    |
|         | re         |            |            |         |    |
|         | gistration |            |            |         |    |
|         | procedure  |            |            |         |    |
|         | described  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in TS      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |    |
|         | \[4\]      |            |            |         |    |
|         | Table      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4.5.2.2-2  |            |            |         |    |
|         | are        |            |            |         |    |
|         | performed  |            |            |         |    |
|         | on NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 12         |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 16      | The SS     | \<\--      | NR RRC:    | \-      | \- |
|         | transmits  |            | *DL        |         |    |
|         | a          |            | Informatio |         |    |
|         | *DL        |            | nTransfer* |         |    |
|         | Informatio |            | 5G MM:     |         |    |
|         | nTransfer* |            | RE         |         |    |
|         | message    |            | GISTRATION |         |    |
|         | and a      |            | ACCEPT     |         |    |
|         | RE         |            |            |         |    |
|         | GISTRATION |            |            |         |    |
|         | ACCEPT     |            |            |         |    |
|         | message    |            |            |         |    |
|         | containing |            |            |         |    |
|         | steering   |            |            |         |    |
|         | of roaming |            |            |         |    |
|         | in         |            |            |         |    |
|         | formation, |            |            |         |    |
|         | includes   |            |            |         |    |
|         | unmatched  |            |            |         |    |
|         | SOR        |            |            |         |    |
|         | -MAC-IAUSF |            |            |         |    |
|         | that will  |            |            |         |    |
|         | result in  |            |            |         |    |
|         | un         |            |            |         |    |
|         | successful |            |            |         |    |
|         | security   |            |            |         |    |
|         | check      |            |            |         |    |
|         | while on   |            |            |         |    |
|         | UE         |            |            |         |    |
|         | reception  |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 17      | The UE     | \--\>      | NR RRC:    | 1       | P  |
|         | transmits  |            | *UL        |         |    |
|         | an         |            | Informatio |         |    |
|         | *UL        |            | nTransfer* |         |    |
|         | Informatio |            | 5G MM:     |         |    |
|         | nTransfer* |            | RE         |         |    |
|         | message    |            | GISTRATION |         |    |
|         | and        |            | COMPLETE   |         |    |
|         | RE         |            |            |         |    |
|         | GISTRATION |            |            |         |    |
|         | COMPLETE   |            |            |         |    |
|         | message    |            |            |         |    |
|         | without    |            |            |         |    |
|         | including  |            |            |         |    |
|         | an SOR     |            |            |         |    |
|         | t          |            |            |         |    |
|         | ransparent |            |            |         |    |
|         | container  |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 18-21a1 | Steps 16   | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | to 19a1 of |            |            |         |    |
|         | the        |            |            |         |    |
|         | re         |            |            |         |    |
|         | gistration |            |            |         |    |
|         | procedure  |            |            |         |    |
|         | described  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in TS      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |    |
|         | \[4\]      |            |            |         |    |
|         | Table      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4.5.2.2-2  |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 22      | The SS     | \<\--      | NR RRC:    | \-      | \- |
|         | transmits  |            | *R         |         |    |
|         | an         |            | RCRelease* |         |    |
|         | *R         |            |            |         |    |
|         | RCRelease* |            |            |         |    |
|         | message    |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 23      | SS starts  | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | timer of 1 |            |            |         |    |
|         | minute and |            |            |         |    |
|         | waits this |            |            |         |    |
|         | timer      |            |            |         |    |
|         | expires    |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 24      | Check:     | \-         | *-*        | 1       | P  |
|         | Does the   |            |            |         |    |
|         | UE is in   |            |            |         |    |
|         | state 5GC  |            |            |         |    |
|         | RRC\_IDLE  |            |            |         |    |
|         | on NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 12 as      |            |            |         |    |
|         | specified  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in TS      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |    |
|         | \[4\]      |            |            |         |    |
|         | Table      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4.         |            |            |         |    |
|         | 9.4.2.2-1? |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 25      | The SS     | \-         | *-*        | \-      | \- |
|         | c          |            |            |         |    |
|         | onfigures: |            |            |         |    |
|         |            |            |            |         |    |
|         | \- NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 11 as a    |            |            |         |    |
|         | \"No       |            |            |         |    |
|         | n-Suitable |            |            |         |    |
|         | \"off\"    |            |            |         |    |
|         | cell \".   |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 26      | The user   | \-         | *-*        | \-      | \- |
|         | sets the   |            |            |         |    |
|         | UE in      |            |            |         |    |
|         | Automatic  |            |            |         |    |
|         | PLMN       |            |            |         |    |
|         | selection  |            |            |         |    |
|         | mode.      |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 27      | Wait for   | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | 300s to    |            |            |         |    |
|         | allow the  |            |            |         |    |
|         | UE to      |            |            |         |    |
|         | switch to  |            |            |         |    |
|         | automatic  |            |            |         |    |
|         | PLMN       |            |            |         |    |
|         | selection  |            |            |         |    |
|         | mode.      |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+

##### 6.3.1.4.5 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-61 .H6}

Table 6.3.1.4.5-1: *REGISTRATION ACCEPT for NR Cell 12* (step 16, Table
6.3.1.4.4-1)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-7                                                                                           
  -------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                Value/remark   Comment                                                                  Condition
  SOR Transparent Container                          Present        The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.   

Table 6.3.1.4.5-2: SOR Transparent Container in *REGISTRATION ACCEPT for
NR Cell 12* (step 16, Table 6.3.1.4.4-1)

  Derivation Path: TS 24.501 \[22\] Figure 9.11.3.51.1                                                                                                                                                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------------------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark                                                                         Comment                                                                  Condition
  SoR-MAC-I~AUS~                                         Set to mismatch the calculated SoR-MAC-I~AUS~ as the way defined in TS 33.501 A.17                                                                            
  Counter~SOR~                                           Value generated as per TS 33.501 Cl 6.14.2.3                                                                                                                  
  SOR data type                                          0                                                                                    The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.   
  List indication value                                  1                                                                                    List of preferred PLMN/access technology combinations is provided        
  List type                                              1                                                                                    The list type is a PLMN ID and access technology list                    
  Acknowledgement (ACK) value                            1                                                                                    Acknowledgement requested                                                
  PLMN ID 1                                              PLMN2                                                                                                                                                         
  Access Technology Identifier 1                         NG-RAN                                                                                                                                                        

Table 6.3.1.4.5-3: *REGISTRATION COMPLETE for NR Cell 12* (step 17,
Table 6.3.1.4.4-1)

  Derivation Path: 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-8                                                                                                   
  ----------------------------------------------- -------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                             Value/remark   Comment                                                                          Condition
  SOR Transparent Container                       Not Present    The SOR transparent container is not included in REGISTRATION COMPLETE message   

#### 6.3.1.5 Steering of UE in roaming during registration/UE configured to receive Steering of Roaming information but does not receive Steering of Roaming from Network

##### 6.3.1.5.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-65 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-129 .H6}

**with** { the UE in Automatic PLMN Selection mode, VPLMN not part of
"PLMNs where registration was aborted due to SOR" List and not part of
"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology" & UE\'s USIM
configured with indication that the UE is to receive Steering of Roaming
information due to initial registration in a VPLMN and the PDU session
for emergency services is not pending to be activated }

**ensure that** {

**when** { neither the list of preferred PLMN/access technology
combinations nor the HPLMN indication that "no change of the 'Operator
Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology' list stored in the UE
is needed and thus no list of preferred PLMN/access technology
combinations is provided" is received in the REGISTRATION ACCEPT message
}

**then** { UE releases N1 NAS Signalling connection locally, adds PLMN
to "PLMNs where registration was aborted due to SOR" and performs PLMN
selection with current VPLMN considered as lowest priority }

}

##### 6.3.1.5.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-65 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 23.122, clauses C.1 and C.2. Unless otherwise stated
these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.1\]

If:

\- the UE\'s USIM is configured to indicate that the UE shall expect to
receive the steering of roaming information during initial registration
procedure but did not receive it or security check on the steering of
roaming information fails;

\- the current chosen VPLMN is not contained in the list of \"PLMNs
where registration was aborted due to SOR\";

\- the current chosen VPLMN is not part of \"User Controlled PLMN
Selector with Access Technology\" list; and

\- the UE is not in manual mode of operation;

then the UE will perform PLMN selection with the current VPLMN
considered as lowest priority.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.2\]

6\) The VPLMN AMF to the UE: The VPLMN AMF shall transparently send the
received steering of roaming information to the UE in the REGISTRATION
ACCEPT message;

7\) If the steering of roaming information is received and the security
check is successful, then:

a\) if the steering of roaming information contains a secured packet
(see 3GPP TS 31.115 \[67\]):

\- if the UDM has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE the UE
shall send the REGISTRATION COMPLETE message;

\- the ME shall upload the secured packet to the USIM using procedures
in 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\];

NOTE 1: How the ME handles UICC responses and failures in communication
between the ME and UICC is implementation specific and out of scope of
this release of the specification.

\- if the UDM has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE and the
ME receives a USAT REFRESH command qualifier (3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]) of
type \"Steering of Roaming\" it shall perform items a), b) and c) of the
procedure for steering of roaming in subclause 4.4.6 and if the UE has a
list of available and allowable PLMNs in the area and based on this list
the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN than the
currently camped chosen VPLMN and the UE is in automatic network
selection mode, then the UE shall either:

i\) release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally and then
attempt to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN as specified in
subclause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T that controls periodic
attempts has expired. In this case, steps 8 to 11 are skipped; or

ii\) not release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally and
skip steps 8 to 10;

b\) if the steering of roaming information contains the list of
preferred PLMN/access technology combinations, the ME shall replace the
highest priority entries in the \"Operator Controlled PLMN Selector with
Access Technology\" list stored in the ME with the received list of
preferred PLMN/access technology combinations. Additionally, if the UDM
has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE and if the UE has a
list of available and allowable PLMNs in the area and based on this list
the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN than the
currently camped chosen VPLMN and the UE is in automatic network
selection mode, then the UE shall send the REGISTRATION COMPLETE message
to the serving AMF without including an SOR transparent container and
then either:

i\) release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally and then
attempt to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN as specified in
subclause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T that controls periodic
attempts has expired. In this case, steps 8 to 11 are skipped; or

ii\) not release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally and
skip steps 8 to 10;

8\) If:

a\) the UE\'s USIM is configured with indication that the UE is to
receive the steering of roaming information due to initial registration
in a VPLMN, but neither the list of preferred PLMN/access technology
combinations nor the secured packet nor the HPLMN indication that \'no
change of the \"Operator Controlled PLMN Selector with Access
Technology\" list stored in the UE is needed and thus no list of
preferred PLMN/access technology combinations is provided\' is received
in the REGISTRATION ACCEPT message, when the UE performs initial
registration in a VPLMN or if the steering of roaming information is
received but the security check is not successful; and

b\) the current chosen VPLMN is not contained in the list of \"PLMNs
where registration was aborted due to SOR\", not part of \"User
Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" list, the UE is not in
manual mode of operation and the PDU session for emergency services is
not pending to be activated;

then the UE shall send the REGISTRATION COMPLETE message to the serving
AMF without including an SOR transparent container, release the current
N1 NAS signalling connection locally, store the PLMN identity in the
list of \"PLMNs where registration was aborted due to SOR\" and attempt
to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN as specified in
subclause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T that controls periodic
attempts has expired, with an exception that the current PLMN is
considered as lowest priority, and skip steps 9 to 12;

NOTE 2: When the UE is in the manual mode of operation or the current
chosen VPLMN is part of the \"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access
Technology\" list, the UE stays on the VPLMN.

9\) The UE to the VPLMN AMF: If the UDM has requested an acknowledgement
from the UE:

the UE verified that the steering of roaming information has been
provided by the HPLMN in step 7, the UE sends the REGISTRATION COMPLETE
message to the serving AMF with an SOR transparent container including
the UE acknowledgement; and

if the steering of roaming information contained a secured packet and
the security check was successful, then when the UE receives the USAT
REFRESH command qualifier of type \"Steering of Roaming\", it performs
items a), b) and c) of the procedure for steering of roaming in
subclause 4.4.6.

10\) The AMF to the UDM: If an SOR transparent container is received in
the REGISTRATION COMPLETE message, the AMF uses the Nudm\_SDM\_Info
service operation to provide the received SOR transparent container to
the UDM. If the HPLMN decided that the UE is to acknowledge the
successful security check of the received steering of roaming
information in step 4, the UDM verifies that the acknowledgement is
provided by the UE as specified in 3GPP TS 33.501 \[66\];

11\) If the UE has a list of available PLMNs in the area and based on
this list the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN than
the currently camped chosen VPLMN and the UE is in automatic network
selection mode, then the UE shall attempt to obtain service on a higher
priority PLMN as specified in subclause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T
that controls periodic attempts has expired after the release of the N1
NAS signalling connection. If the N1 NAS signalling connection is not
released after implementation dependent time, the UE may locally release
the N1 signalling connection except when the UE is registered for
emergency services or the UE has an established emergency PDU session
(see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]); and

12\) The UE deletes the list of \"PLMNs where registration was aborted
due to SOR\".

The list of \"PLMNs where registration was aborted due to SOR\" is
deleted when the UE is switched off or the USIM is removed.

##### 6.3.1.5.3 Test Description {#test-description-64 .H6}

##### 6.3.1.5.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-64 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-46 .H6}

\- Three inter-frequency multi-PLMN NR Cells as specified in TS 38.508-1
\[4\] Table 4.4.2-1 are configured broadcasting PLMNs as indicated in
Table 6.3.1.5.3.1-1.

\- The PLMNs are identified in the test by the identifiers in Table
6.3.1.5.3.1-1. The MCC and MNC values corresponding to the PLMN
identifier shall understood as those specified in TS 36.523-1 \[42\],
Table 6.0.1-1.

Table 6.3.1.5.3.1-1: PLMN identifiers

  NR Cell      PLMN names
  ------------ ------------
  NR Cell 11   PLMN2
  NR Cell 12   PLMN13
  NR Cell 13   PLMN14

NR Cell 11 is set to \'\'Serving Cell\'\';

NR Cell 12 is set to \'\'Serving Cell\'\';

NR Cell 13 is set to \'\'Serving Cell\'\';

System Information Combination NR-1 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-60 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic PLMN selection mode.

\- USIM configuration as defined in Table 6.4.1-10 of TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
will be used.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-63 .H6}

\- The UE is in Switched OFF (State 0-A) as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
Table 4.4A.2-0.

##### 6.3.1.5.4 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-64 .H6}

Table 6.3.1.5.4-1: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| St        | Procedure | Message   | TP        | Verdict |    |
|           |           | Sequence  |           |         |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+=========+====+
|           |           | U - S     | Message   |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1         | Power on  | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | the UE.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 2-15      | Steps 1   | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | to 14 of  |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 13.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 16        | SS starts | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | timer of  |           |           |         |    |
|           | tmax =(6  |           |           |         |    |
|           | minutes + |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |         |    |
|           | selection |           |           |         |    |
|           | time)     |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1,  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 2 and 3)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 17        | The UE    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *ULIn     |         |    |
|           | an        |           | formation |         |    |
|           | *ULIn     |           | Transfer* |         |    |
|           | formation |           |           |         |    |
|           | Transfer* |           | 5G MM:    |         |    |
|           | message   |           | REG       |         |    |
|           | and       |           | ISTRATION |         |    |
|           | REG       |           | COMPLETE  |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | COMPLETE  |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | without   |           |           |         |    |
|           | including |           |           |         |    |
|           | an SOR    |           |           |         |    |
|           | tr        |           |           |         |    |
|           | ansparent |           |           |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ontainer. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 18        | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 19        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1       | F  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |         |    |
|           | UE        |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 13   |           |           |         |    |
|           | before    |           |           |         |    |
|           | tmax      |           |           |         |    |
|           | expires?  |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1,  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 2 and 3)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 20        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |         |    |
|           | UE        |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 12   |           |           |         |    |
|           | before    |           |           |         |    |
|           | tmax      |           |           |         |    |
|           | expires?  |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1,  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 2 and 3)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 21        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *         |         |    |
|           | an        |           | RRCSetup* |         |    |
|           | *         |           |           |         |    |
|           | RRCSetup* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 12.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 22        | The UE    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *RRCSetup |         |    |
|           | an        |           | Complete* |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetup |           |           |         |    |
|           | Complete* |           | 5GMM:     |         |    |
|           | message   |           | REG       |         |    |
|           | and a     |           | ISTRATION |         |    |
|           | REG       |           | REQUEST   |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | REQUEST   |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 12.  |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 4)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 22A --    | Steps 4   | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
| 22F       | to 9 of   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.8.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 23        | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Timer     |           |           |           |         |    |
| tmax in   |           |           |           |         |    |
| steps 16, |           |           |           |         |    |
| 19 and 20 |           |           |           |         |    |
| are       |           |           |           |         |    |
| derived   |           |           |           |         |    |
| from the  |           |           |           |         |    |
| high      |           |           |           |         |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN      |           |           |           |         |    |
| search    |           |           |           |         |    |
| timer T   |           |           |           |         |    |
| defined   |           |           |           |         |    |
| by        |           |           |           |         |    |
| EF        |           |           |           |         |    |
| ~HPPLMN.~ |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Following |           |           |           |         |    |
| attempts  |           |           |           |         |    |
| to access |           |           |           |         |    |
| the       |           |           |           |         |    |
| H         |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN/EHPL |           |           |           |         |    |
| MN/higher |           |           |           |         |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN in   |           |           |           |         |    |
| VPLMN is  |           |           |           |         |    |
| operator  |           |           |           |         |    |
| specific  |           |           |           |         |    |
| setting   |           |           |           |         |    |
| (Refer to |           |           |           |         |    |
| TS 23.122 |           |           |           |         |    |
| Rel-12).  |           |           |           |         |    |
| Hence,    |           |           |           |         |    |
| window    |           |           |           |         |    |
| between   |           |           |           |         |    |
| 120s to   |           |           |           |         |    |
| T+        |           |           |           |         |    |
| Tolerance |           |           |           |         |    |
| is being  |           |           |           |         |    |
| used,     |           |           |           |         |    |
| where the |           |           |           |         |    |
| high      |           |           |           |         |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN      |           |           |           |         |    |
| search    |           |           |           |         |    |
| timer T   |           |           |           |         |    |
| defined   |           |           |           |         |    |
| by        |           |           |           |         |    |
| E         |           |           |           |         |    |
| F~HPPLMN~ |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 3:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Tolerance |           |           |           |         |    |
| of 5min   |           |           |           |         |    |
| is added  |           |           |           |         |    |
| to allow  |           |           |           |         |    |
| time for  |           |           |           |         |    |
| the UE to |           |           |           |         |    |
| find the  |           |           |           |         |    |
| proper    |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN.     |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 4:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| The 5GS   |           |           |           |         |    |
| reg       |           |           |           |         |    |
| istration |           |           |           |         |    |
| type      |           |           |           |         |    |
| shall be  |           |           |           |         |    |
| only set  |           |           |           |         |    |
| as        |           |           |           |         |    |
| Mobility  |           |           |           |         |    |
| Reg       |           |           |           |         |    |
| istration |           |           |           |         |    |
| for       |           |           |           |         |    |
| Rel-16    |           |           |           |         |    |
| onwards   |           |           |           |         |    |
| UEs       |           |           |           |         |    |
| according |           |           |           |         |    |
| to TS     |           |           |           |         |    |
| 24.501    |           |           |           |         |    |
| subclause |           |           |           |         |    |
| 5.2.3.2.5 |           |           |           |         |    |
| specified |           |           |           |         |    |
| in        |           |           |           |         |    |
| Release   |           |           |           |         |    |
| 16        |           |           |           |         |    |
| onwards.  |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+

##### 6.3.1.5.5 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-62 .H6}

Table 6.3.1.5.5-1: *REGISTRATION COMPLETE for NR Cell 13* (step 17 Table
6.3.1.5.4-1)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-8                                                                                                   
  -------------------------------------------------- -------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                Value/remark   Comment                                                                          Condition
  SOR Transparent Container                          Not Present    The SOR transparent container is not included in REGISTRATION COMPLETE message   

Table 6.3.1.5.5-1A: Void

Table 6.3.1.5.5-2: Void

Table 6.3.1.5.5-3: REGISTRATION REJECT (step 22E, Table 6.3.1.5.4-1)

  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------------------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.7.1-9                                            
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment                   Condition
  5GMM cause                                          '00010110'B    Cause \#22 (Congestion)   
  T3346 Value                                         '00100001'B    1 minute                  
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------------------- -----------

#### 6.3.1.6 Void

#### 6.3.1.7 Steering of UE in roaming during registration/security check unsuccessful but emergency service pending to be activated

##### 6.3.1.7.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-66 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-130 .H6}

**with** {the UE in Automatic PLMN Selection mode **and** current VPLMN
not part of "PLMNs where registration was aborted due to SOR" List and
not part of \"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\"
list **and** UE\'s USIM configured with indication that the UE is to
receive Steering of Roaming information due to initial registration in a
VPLMN **and** there is a PDU session for emergency services pending to
be activated}

**ensure that** {

**when** {Steering of information is received but security check is
unsuccessful}

**then** {UE will continue with the registration procedure on the VPLMN
so as to be able to establish the emergency PDU session}

}

##### 6.3.1.7.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-66 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 23.122, clause C.2. Unless otherwise stated these are
Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.2\]

6\) The VPLMN AMF to the UE: The VPLMN AMF shall transparently send the
received steering of roaming information to the UE in the REGISTRATION
ACCEPT message;

7\) If the steering of roaming information is received and the security
check is successful, then:

a\) if the steering of roaming information contains a secured packet
(see 3GPP TS 31.115 \[67\]):

\- if the UDM has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE the UE
shall send the REGISTRATION COMPLETE message;

\- the ME shall upload the secured packet to the USIM using procedures
in 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\];

NOTE 1: How the ME handles UICC responses and failures in communication
between the ME and UICC is implementation specific and out of scope of
this release of the specification.

\- if the UDM has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE and the
ME receives a USAT REFRESH command qualifier (3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]) of
type \"Steering of Roaming\" it shall perform items a), b) and c) of the
procedure for steering of roaming in subclause 4.4.6 and if the UE has a
list of available and allowable PLMNs in the area and based on this list
the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN than the
currently camped chosen VPLMN and the UE is in automatic network
selection mode, then the UE shall either:

i\) release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally and then
attempt to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN as specified in
subclause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T that controls periodic
attempts has expired. In this case, steps 8 to 11 are skipped; or

ii\) not release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally and
skip steps 8 to 10;

b\) if the steering of roaming information contains the list of
preferred PLMN/access technology combinations, the ME shall replace the
highest priority entries in the \"Operator Controlled PLMN Selector with
Access Technology\" list stored in the ME with the received list of
preferred PLMN/access technology combinations. Additionally, if the UDM
has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE and if the UE has a
list of available and allowable PLMNs in the area and based on this list
the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN than the
currently camped chosen VPLMN and the UE is in automatic network
selection mode, then the UE shall send the REGISTRATION COMPLETE message
to the serving AMF without including an SOR transparent container and
then either:

i\) release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally and then
attempt to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN as specified in
subclause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T that controls periodic
attempts has expired. In this case, steps 8 to 11 are skipped; or

ii\) not release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally and
skip steps 8 to 10;

8\) If:

a\) the UE\'s USIM is configured with indication that the UE is to
receive the steering of roaming information due to initial registration
in a VPLMN, but neither the list of preferred PLMN/access technology
combinations nor the secured packet nor the HPLMN indication that \'no
change of the \"Operator Controlled PLMN Selector with Access
Technology\" list stored in the UE is needed and thus no list of
preferred PLMN/access technology combinations is provided\' is received
in the REGISTRATION ACCEPT message, when the UE performs initial
registration in a VPLMN or if the steering of roaming information is
received but the security check is not successful; and

b\) the current chosen VPLMN is not contained in the list of \"PLMNs
where registration was aborted due to SOR\", not part of \"User
Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" list, the UE is not in
manual mode of operation and the PDU session for emergency services is
not pending to be activated;

then the UE shall send the REGISTRATION COMPLETE message to the serving
AMF without including an SOR transparent container, release the current
N1 NAS signalling connection locally, store the PLMN identity in the
list of \"PLMNs where registration was aborted due to SOR\" and attempt
to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN as specified in
subclause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T that controls periodic
attempts has expired, with an exception that the current PLMN is
considered as lowest priority, and skip steps 9 to 12;

NOTE 2: When the UE is in the manual mode of operation or the current
chosen VPLMN is part of the \"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access
Technology\" list, the UE stays on the VPLMN.

9\) The UE to the VPLMN AMF: If the UDM has requested an acknowledgement
from the UE:

the UE verified that the steering of roaming information has been
provided by the HPLMN in step 7, the UE sends the REGISTRATION COMPLETE
message to the serving AMF with an SOR transparent container including
the UE acknowledgement; and

if the steering of roaming information contained a secured packet and
the security check was successful, then when the UE receives the USAT
REFRESH command qualifier of type \"Steering of Roaming\", it performs
items a), b) and c) of the procedure for steering of roaming in
subclause 4.4.6.

10\) The AMF to the UDM: If an SOR transparent container is received in
the REGISTRATION COMPLETE message, the AMF uses the Nudm\_SDM\_Info
service operation to provide the received SOR transparent container to
the UDM. If the HPLMN decided that the UE is to acknowledge the
successful security check of the received steering of roaming
information in step 4, the UDM verifies that the acknowledgement is
provided by the UE as specified in 3GPP TS 33.501 \[66\];

11\) If the UE has a list of available PLMNs in the area and based on
this list the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN than
the currently camped chosen VPLMN and the UE is in automatic network
selection mode, then the UE shall attempt to obtain service on a higher
priority PLMN as specified in subclause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T
that controls periodic attempts has expired after the release of the N1
NAS signalling connection. If the N1 NAS signalling connection is not
released after implementation dependent time, the UE may locally release
the N1 signalling connection except when the UE is registered for
emergency services or the UE has an established emergency PDU session
(see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]); and

12\) The UE deletes the list of \"PLMNs where registration was aborted
due to SOR\".

The list of \"PLMNs where registration was aborted due to SOR\" is
deleted when the UE is switched off or the USIM is removed.

When the UE performs registration procedure for emergency services (see
3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\] and 3GPP TS 23.502 \[63\]) while the UE has a
valid USIM and the AMF performs the authentication procedure, then based
on HPLMN policy, the SOR procedure described in this subclause may
apply.

NOTE 3: The HPLMN/UDM cannot distinguish between \"initial
registration\" and \"emergency registration\" thus SOR implicitly
applies for emergency registration.

##### 6.3.1.7.3 Test Description {#test-description-65 .H6}

##### 6.3.1.7.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-65 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-47 .H6}

\- One inter-frequency multi-PLMN NR Cell as specified in TS 38.508-1
\[4\] Table 4.4.2-1 are configured broadcasting PLMNs as indicated in
Table 6.3.1.7.3.1-1.

\- The PLMNs are identified in the test by the identifiers in Table
6.3.1.7.3.1-1. The MCC and MNC values corresponding to the PLMN
identifier shall understood as those specified in TS 36.523-1 \[42\],
Table 6.0.1-1.

Table 6.3.1.7.3.1-1: PLMN identifiers

  NR Cell      PLMN names
  ------------ ------------
  NR Cell 11   PLMN2

NR Cell 11 is set to \'\'Serving Cell\'\';

System Information Combination NR-1 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-61 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic PLMN selection mode.

\- USIM configuration as defined in Table 6.4.1-10 of TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
will be used.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-64 .H6}

\- The UE is in Switched OFF (State 0-A) as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
Table 4.4A.2-0.

##### 6.3.1.7.4 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-65 .H6}

Table 6.3.1.7.4-1: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| St        | Procedure | Message   | TP        | Verdict |    |
|           |           | Sequence  |           |         |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+=========+====+
|           |           | U - S     | Message   |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1         | Power on  | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | the UE    |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1A1-1A13  | Steps 1   | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | to 13 of  |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1B        | SS        | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *DLIn     |         |    |
|           | a         |           | formation |         |    |
|           | REG       |           | Transfer* |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | REJECT    |           | 5GMM:     |         |    |
|           | message   |           | REG       |         |    |
|           | with      |           | ISTRATION |         |    |
|           | cause     |           | REJECT    |         |    |
|           | \#22      |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Co       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ngestion) |           |           |         |    |
|           | and T3346 |           |           |         |    |
|           | set to 3  |           |           |         |    |
|           | minutes.  |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1C        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | releases  |           |           |         |    |
|           | the RRC   |           |           |         |    |
|           | co        |           |           |         |    |
|           | nnection. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 2         | Cause the | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | UE to     |           |           |         |    |
|           | originate |           |           |         |    |
|           | Emergency |           |           |         |    |
|           | call.     |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 2)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 3         | The UE    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | RRCSet    |         |    |
|           | an        |           | upRequest |         |    |
|           | RRCSet    |           |           |         |    |
|           | upRequest |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11   |           |           |         |    |
|           | with      |           |           |         |    |
|           | establish |           |           |         |    |
|           | mentCause |           |           |         |    |
|           | set to    |           |           |         |    |
|           | \'eme     |           |           |         |    |
|           | rgency\'. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 4-5       | Steps 3   | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | to 4 of   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 6         | The UE    | \--\>     | 5G MM:    | \-      | \- |
|           | transmit  |           | REG       |         |    |
|           | a         |           | ISTRATION |         |    |
|           | REG       |           | REQUEST   |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | REQUEST   |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | with IE   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 5GS       |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | type set  |           |           |         |    |
|           | to        |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"        |           |           |         |    |
|           | Emergency |           |           |         |    |
|           | regis     |           |           |         |    |
|           | tration\" |           |           |         |    |
|           | or        |           |           |         |    |
|           | "Initial  |           |           |         |    |
|           | regis     |           |           |         |    |
|           | tration". |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 3)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 7-14      | Steps 5   | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | to 13 of  |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 15        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *DLIn     |         |    |
|           | a         |           | formation |         |    |
|           | *DLIn     |           | Transfer* |         |    |
|           | formation |           |           |         |    |
|           | Transfer* |           | 5G MM:    |         |    |
|           | message   |           | REG       |         |    |
|           | and a     |           | ISTRATION |         |    |
|           | REG       |           | ACCEPT    |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | ACCEPT    |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ontaining |           |           |         |    |
|           | steering  |           |           |         |    |
|           | of        |           |           |         |    |
|           | roaming   |           |           |         |    |
|           | inf       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ormation, |           |           |         |    |
|           | includes  |           |           |         |    |
|           | unmatched |           |           |         |    |
|           | SOR-MA    |           |           |         |    |
|           | C-I~AUSF~ |           |           |         |    |
|           | that will |           |           |         |    |
|           | result in |           |           |         |    |
|           | uns       |           |           |         |    |
|           | uccessful |           |           |         |    |
|           | security  |           |           |         |    |
|           | check     |           |           |         |    |
|           | while on  |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE        |           |           |         |    |
|           | reception |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 16        | The UE    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *ULIn     |         |    |
|           | an        |           | formation |         |    |
|           | *ULIn     |           | Transfer* |         |    |
|           | formation |           |           |         |    |
|           | Transfer* |           | 5G MM:    |         |    |
|           | message   |           | REG       |         |    |
|           | and       |           | ISTRATION |         |    |
|           | REG       |           | COMPLETE  |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | COMPLETE  |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | without   |           |           |         |    |
|           | including |           |           |         |    |
|           | an SOR    |           |           |         |    |
|           | tr        |           |           |         |    |
|           | ansparent |           |           |         |    |
|           | container |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 17        | Check:    | \--\>     | 5GMM: UL  | 1       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | NAS       |         |    |
|           | UE        |           | TRANSPORT |         |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |         |    |
|           | an UL NAS |           | 5GSM: PDU |         |    |
|           | TRANSPORT |           | SESSION   |         |    |
|           | message   |           | ESTA      |         |    |
|           | with      |           | BLISHMENT |         |    |
|           | \"Request |           | REQUEST   |         |    |
|           | type\"    |           |           |         |    |
|           | set to    |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"initial |           |           |         |    |
|           | emergency |           |           |         |    |
|           | r         |           |           |         |    |
|           | equest\", |           |           |         |    |
|           | and a PDU |           |           |         |    |
|           | SESSION   |           |           |         |    |
|           | ESTA      |           |           |         |    |
|           | BLISHMENT |           |           |         |    |
|           | REQUEST   |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 17Aa1     |           |           |         |    |
|           | describe  |           |           |         |    |
|           | behaviour |           |           |         |    |
|           | depending |           |           |         |    |
|           | on UE     |           |           |         |    |
|           | implem    |           |           |         |    |
|           | entation; |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"lower   |           |           |         |    |
|           | case      |           |           |         |    |
|           | letter\"  |           |           |         |    |
|           | i         |           |           |         |    |
|           | dentifies |           |           |         |    |
|           | a step    |           |           |         |    |
|           | sequence  |           |           |         |    |
|           | that take |           |           |         |    |
|           | place if  |           |           |         |    |
|           | the UE    |           |           |         |    |
|           | performs  |           |           |         |    |
|           | a         |           |           |         |    |
|           | specific  |           |           |         |    |
|           | action.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |         |    |
|           | The       |           |           |         |    |
|           | behaviour |           |           |         |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 17Aa1     |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | occurs in |           |           |         |    |
|           | parallel  |           |           |         |    |
|           | with      |           |           |         |    |
|           | steps     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 18-22.    |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 17Aa1     | IF 5GS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |         |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Initial   |           |           |         |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6, THEN   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | for       |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE-       |           |           |         |    |
|           | requested |           |           |         |    |
|           | PDU       |           |           |         |    |
|           | session   |           |           |         |    |
|           | estab     |           |           |         |    |
|           | lishment, |           |           |         |    |
|           | specified |           |           |         |    |
|           | in        |           |           |         |    |
|           | subclause |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5A.2,   |           |           |         |    |
|           | takes     |           |           |         |    |
|           | place     |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | erforming |           |           |         |    |
|           | esta      |           |           |         |    |
|           | blishment |           |           |         |    |
|           | of        |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE-       |           |           |         |    |
|           | requested |           |           |         |    |
|           | PDU       |           |           |         |    |
|           | s         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ession(s) |           |           |         |    |
|           | with      |           |           |         |    |
|           | Exp       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ectedNumb |           |           |         |    |
|           | erOfNewPD |           |           |         |    |
|           | USessions |           |           |         |    |
|           | =         |           |           |         |    |
|           | pc        |           |           |         |    |
|           | \_noOf\_P |           |           |         |    |
|           | DUsSameCo |           |           |         |    |
|           | nnection. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 18-22     | Steps 9   | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | to 13 of  |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | of \"IMS  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Emergency |           |           |         |    |
|           | call      |           |           |         |    |
|           | esta      |           |           |         |    |
|           | blishment |           |           |         |    |
|           | in 5GC    |           |           |         |    |
|           | with IMS  |           |           |         |    |
|           | emergency |           |           |         |    |
|           | regis     |           |           |         |    |
|           | tration\" |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.9       |           |           |         |    |
|           | .11.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 23        | Generic   | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | of \"Test |           |           |         |    |
|           | Procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | for IMS   |           |           |         |    |
|           | MO        |           |           |         |    |
|           | Emergency |           |           |         |    |
|           | call      |           |           |         |    |
|           | release\" |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.9.      |           |           |         |    |
|           | 12A.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | perfor    |           |           |         |    |
|           | med.(Note |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4)        |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 24        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | releases  |           | *RR       |         |    |
|           | the RRC   |           | CRelease* |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note4).  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 25        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | starts a  |           |           |         |    |
|           | timer     |           |           |         |    |
|           | T1=5s     |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |         |    |
|           | Step 26   |           |           |         |    |
|           | describe  |           |           |         |    |
|           | behaviour |           |           |         |    |
|           | depending |           |           |         |    |
|           | on UE     |           |           |         |    |
|           | implem    |           |           |         |    |
|           | entation; |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"lower   |           |           |         |    |
|           | case      |           |           |         |    |
|           | letter\"  |           |           |         |    |
|           | i         |           |           |         |    |
|           | dentifies |           |           |         |    |
|           | a step    |           |           |         |    |
|           | sequence  |           |           |         |    |
|           | that take |           |           |         |    |
|           | place if  |           |           |         |    |
|           | the UE    |           |           |         |    |
|           | performs  |           |           |         |    |
|           | a         |           |           |         |    |
|           | specific  |           |           |         |    |
|           | action.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 26a1      | The UE    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmit  |           | *RRCSetu  |         |    |
|           | a         |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 26a2      | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | stops     |           |           |         |    |
|           | timer T1  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 26a3 --   | Steps 3   | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
| 26a13     | to 13 of  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 26a14     | SS        | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | DLI       |         |    |
|           | a         |           | nformatio |         |    |
|           | REG       |           | nTransfer |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | REJECT    |           | 5GMM:     |         |    |
|           | message   |           | REG       |         |    |
|           | with      |           | ISTRATION |         |    |
|           | cause     |           | REJECT    |         |    |
|           | \#22      |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Co       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ngestion) |           |           |         |    |
|           | and T3346 |           |           |         |    |
|           | set to 30 |           |           |         |    |
|           | seconds.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 26a15     | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | releases  |           | *RR       |         |    |
|           | the RRC   |           | CRelease* |         |    |
|           | co        |           |           |         |    |
|           | nnection. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 26b1      | T1        | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | expires   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| T3346 is  |           |           |           |         |    |
| set to 3  |           |           |           |         |    |
| min       |           |           |           |         |    |
| utes.This |           |           |           |         |    |
| is        |           |           |           |         |    |
| checked   |           |           |           |         |    |
| for 3     |           |           |           |         |    |
| minutes   |           |           |           |         |    |
| less      |           |           |           |         |    |
| t         |           |           |           |         |    |
| olerance. |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| This can  |           |           |           |         |    |
| be done   |           |           |           |         |    |
| by an     |           |           |           |         |    |
| AT/MMI    |           |           |           |         |    |
| command.  |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 3:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| 5GS       |           |           |           |         |    |
| reg       |           |           |           |         |    |
| istration |           |           |           |         |    |
| type can  |           |           |           |         |    |
| set to    |           |           |           |         |    |
| either    |           |           |           |         |    |
| \"initial |           |           |           |         |    |
| regis     |           |           |           |         |    |
| tration\" |           |           |           |         |    |
| according |           |           |           |         |    |
| to TS     |           |           |           |         |    |
| 24.501    |           |           |           |         |    |
| clause    |           |           |           |         |    |
| 5.2.2.3.3 |           |           |           |         |    |
| or        |           |           |           |         |    |
| \"        |           |           |           |         |    |
| emergency |           |           |           |         |    |
| regis     |           |           |           |         |    |
| tration\" |           |           |           |         |    |
| according |           |           |           |         |    |
| to TS     |           |           |           |         |    |
| 24.501    |           |           |           |         |    |
| clause    |           |           |           |         |    |
| 5.5.1.2.  |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 4:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| The UE    |           |           |           |         |    |
| may       |           |           |           |         |    |
| o         |           |           |           |         |    |
| ptionally |           |           |           |         |    |
| transmit  |           |           |           |         |    |
| a         |           |           |           |         |    |
| De-reg    |           |           |           |         |    |
| istration |           |           |           |         |    |
| REQ       |           |           |           |         |    |
| during    |           |           |           |         |    |
| Steps     |           |           |           |         |    |
| 23-24.    |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+

##### 6.3.1.7.5 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-63 .H6}

Table 6.3.1.7.5-0: REGISTRATION REJECT for NR Cell 11 (step 1B Table
6.3.1.7.4-1)

  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------------------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.7.1-9                                            
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment                   Condition
  5GMM cause                                          '00010110'B    Cause \#22 (Congestion)   
  T3346 value                                         '00100011'B    3 minutes                 
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------------------- -----------

Table 6.3.1.7.5-1: REGISTRATION REQUEST for NR Cell 11 (step 6 Table
6.3.1.7.4-1)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.7.1-6, Condition EMERGENCY or INITIAL.
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table 6.3.1.7.5-2: *REGISTRATION ACCEPT for NR Cell 11* *11* (step 15,
Table 6.3.1.7.4-1)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-7                                                                                           
  -------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                Value/remark   Comment                                                                  Condition
  SOR Transparent Container                          Present        The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.   

Table 6.3.1.7.5-3: SOR Transparent Container in *REGISTRATION ACCEPT for
NR Cell 13* (step 15, Table 6.3.1.7.4-1)

  Derivation Path: TS 24.501 \[22\] Figure 9.11.3.51.1                                                                                                                                                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------------------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark                                                                         Comment                                                                  Condition
  SoR-MAC-I~AUS~                                         Set to mismatch the calculated SoR-MAC-I~AUS~ as the way defined in TS 33.501 A.17                                                                            
  Counter~SOR~                                           Value generated as per TS 33.501 Cl 6.14.2.3                                                                                                                  
  SOR data type                                          0                                                                                    The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.   
  List indication value                                  1                                                                                    List of preferred PLMN/access technology combinations is provided        
  List type                                              1                                                                                    The list type is a PLMN ID and access technology list                    
  Acknowledgement (ACK) value                            1                                                                                    Acknowledgement requested                                                
  PLMN ID 1                                              PLMN2                                                                                                                                                         
  Access Technology Identifier 1                         NG-RAN                                                                                                                                                        

Table 6.3.1.7.5-4: *REGISTRATION COMPLETE for NR Cell 11* (step 16 Table
6.3.1.7.4-1)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-8                                                                                                   
  -------------------------------------------------- -------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                Value/remark   Comment                                                                          Condition
  SOR Transparent Container                          Not Present    The SOR transparent container is not included in REGISTRATION COMPLETE message   

Table 6.3.1.7.5-5: *UL NAS TRANSPORT* (step 17, Table 6.3.1.7.4-1)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-10, condition INITIAL\_PDU\_REQUEST.                                              
  Information Element                                                                   Value/remark   Comment                     Condition
  Request type                                                                          '011'B         initial emergency request   
  S-NSSAI                                                                               Not Present                                
  DNN                                                                                   Not Present                                
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------- -----------

Table 6.3.1.7.5-6: *PDU SESSION ESTABLISHMENT REQUEST* (step 17, Table
6.3.1.7.4-1)

  --------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------- ------------ -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.2-1.                                                                                  
  Information Element                                 Value/remark                                                      Comment      Condition
  PDU session ID                                      A value that is not currently being used by another PDU session                
  PTI                                                 A value currently not used                                                     
  SSC mode                                            '001'B                                                            SSC mode 1   
  --------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------- ------------ -----------

Table 6.3.1.7.5-7: REGISTRATION REJECT for NR Cell 11 (step 26a14, Table
6.3.1.7.4-1)

  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------------------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.7.1-9                                            
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment                   Condition
  5GMM cause                                          '00010110'B    Cause \#22 (Congestion)   
  T3346 value                                         '00011110'B    30 seconds                
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------------------- -----------

#### 6.3.1.8 Steering of UE in roaming after registration/Automatic PLMN selection mode

##### 6.3.1.8.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-67 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-131 .H6}

**with** { UE being in automatic PLMN selection mode **and** UE has
registered onto a VPLMN }

**ensure that** {

**when** { SOR Transparent container included in DL NAS TRANSPORT
message contains steering of roaming information **and** indicates ACK
has been requested **and** security check is successful }

**then** { UE sends an SOR transparent container with ACK in UL NAS
TRANSPORT message **and** waits until it moves to idle mode or
5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication before attempting to
obtain service on a higher priority PLMN }

}

##### 6.3.1.8.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-67 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 23.122, clause C.3. Unless otherwise stated these are
Rel-15 requirements

\[TS 23.122, clause C.3\]

2\) The AMF to the UE: the AMF sends a DL NAS TRANSPORT message to the
served UE. The AMF includes in the DL NAS TRANSPORT message the steering
of roaming information received from the UDM.

3\) Upon receiving the steering of roaming information, the UE shall
perform a security check on the list of preferred PLMN/access technology
combinations included in the DL NAS TRANSPORT message to verify that the
list of preferred PLMN/access technology combinations is provided by
HPLMN, and:

a\) if the security check is successful and:

\- if the steering of roaming information contains a secured packet (see
3GPP TS 31.115 \[67\]), the ME shall upload the secured packet to the
USIM using procedures in 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\];

NOTE 1: How the ME handles UICC responses and failures in communication
between the ME and UICC is implementation specific and out of scope of
this release of the specification.

When the ME receives a USAT REFRESH command qualifier (see 3GPP TS
31.111 \[41\]) of type \"Steering of Roaming\" it performs the procedure
for steering of roaming in subclause 4.4.6 with an exception that if the
UE is in automatic network selection mode, then the UE shall wait until
it moves to idle mode or 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive
indication (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) before attempting to obtain
service on a higher priority PLMN (specified in subclause 4.4.6
bullet d);

\- otherwise, the ME shall replace the highest priority entries in the
\"Operator Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" list stored
in the ME with the received list of preferred PLMN/access technology
combinations. If the UE is in automatic network selection mode, then the
UE shall wait until it moves to idle mode or 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with
RRC inactive indication (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) before attempting to
obtain service on a higher priority PLMN as specified in
subclause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T that controls periodic
attempts has expired.

If the last established PDU session is an emergency PDU session then the
UE shall attempt to perform the PLMN selection after the release of the
emergency PDU session and expiration of timer T.

If the UDM has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE then steps 4
and 5 are skipped; and

b\) if the security check is not successful and the UE is in automatic
network selection mode, then the UE shall wait until it moves to idle
mode or 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) before attempting to obtain service on a higher
priority PLMN as specified in subclause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T
that controls periodic attempts has expired, with an exception that the
current PLMN is considered as lowest priority. If the last established
PDU session is an emergency PDU session then the UE shall attempt to
perform the PLMN selection after the release of the emergency PDU
session and expiration of timer T.

If the UDM has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE then steps 4
and 5 are skipped;

NOTE 2: When the UE is in the manual mode of operation or the current
chosen VPLMN is part of the \"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access
Technology\" list, the UE stays on the VPLMN.

4\) The UE to the AMF: if the UDM has requested an acknowledgement from
the UE in the DL NAS TRANSPORT message and the security check in step 2
was successful, the UE sends an UL NAS TRANSPORT message to the serving
AMF with an SOR transparent container including the UE acknowledgement;

##### 6.3.1.8.3 Test Description {#test-description-66 .H6}

##### 6.3.1.8.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-66 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-48 .H6}

\- Three inter-frequency multi-PLMN NR Cells as specified in TS 38.508-1
\[4\] Table 4.4.2-1 are configured broadcasting PLMNs as indicated in
Table 6.3.1.8.3.1-1.

\- The PLMNs are identified in the test by the identifiers in Table
6.3.1.8.3.1-1. The MCC and MNC values of PLMN identifiers are specified
in TS 36.523-1 \[13\], Table 6.0.1-1.

Table 6.3.1.8.3.1-1: PLMN identifiers

  **NR Cell**   **PLMN names**
  ------------- ----------------
                
  NR Cell 11    PLMN2
  NR Cell 12    PLMN13
  NR Cell 13    PLMN14

NR Cell 11 is set to \"Serving Cell\";

NR Cell 12 is set to \"Serving Cell\";

NR Cell 13 is set to \"Serving Cell\";

System Information Combination NR-1 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-62 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic PLMN selection mode.

\- USIM configuration as defined in Table 6.4.1-21 of TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
will be used.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-65 .H6}

\- The UE is in Switched OFF (State 0-A) as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
Table 4.4A.2-0.

##### 6.3.1.8.4 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-66 .H6}

Table 6.3.1.8.4-1: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| St        | Procedure | Message   | TP        | Verdict |    |
|           |           | Sequence  |           |         |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+=========+====+
|           |           | U - S     | Message   |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1         | Power on  | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | the UE.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 2         | Whole     | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 13,  |           |           |         |    |
|           | with      |           |           |         |    |
|           | "         |           |           |         |    |
|           | connected |           |           |         |    |
|           | without   |           |           |         |    |
|           | release". |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 3         | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *DLIn     |         |    |
|           | an        |           | formation |         |    |
|           | DLI       |           | Transfer* |         |    |
|           | nformatio |           |           |         |    |
|           | nTransfer |           | *5GMM:*   |         |    |
|           | message   |           | *DL NAS   |         |    |
|           | c         |           | T         |         |    |
|           | ontaining |           | RANSPORT* |         |    |
|           | steering  |           |           |         |    |
|           | of        |           |           |         |    |
|           | roaming   |           |           |         |    |
|           | in        |           |           |         |    |
|           | formation |           |           |         |    |
|           | i         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ndicating |           |           |         |    |
|           | list of   |           |           |         |    |
|           | preferred |           |           |         |    |
|           | PL        |           |           |         |    |
|           | MN/access |           |           |         |    |
|           | t         |           |           |         |    |
|           | echnology |           |           |         |    |
|           | co        |           |           |         |    |
|           | mbination |           |           |         |    |
|           | provided  |           |           |         |    |
|           | with      |           |           |         |    |
|           | ackno     |           |           |         |    |
|           | wledgment |           |           |         |    |
|           | requested |           |           |         |    |
|           | from the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE for    |           |           |         |    |
|           | s         |           |           |         |    |
|           | uccessful |           |           |         |    |
|           | r         |           |           |         |    |
|           | eception. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 4         | SS starts | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | timer of  |           |           |         |    |
|           | tmax =(6  |           |           |         |    |
|           | minutes + |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |         |    |
|           | selection |           |           |         |    |
|           | time)     |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1,  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 2 and 3)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 5         | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *ULIn     |         |    |
|           | UE        |           | formation |         |    |
|           | transmit  |           | Transfer* |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | ULI       |           | *5GMM: UL |         |    |
|           | nformatio |           | NAS       |         |    |
|           | nTransfer |           | T         |         |    |
|           | message   |           | RANSPORT* |         |    |
|           | carrying  |           |           |         |    |
|           | acknow    |           |           |         |    |
|           | ledgement |           |           |         |    |
|           | of        |           |           |         |    |
|           | s         |           |           |         |    |
|           | uccessful |           |           |         |    |
|           | reception |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | steering  |           |           |         |    |
|           | of        |           |           |         |    |
|           | roaming   |           |           |         |    |
|           | inf       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ormation? |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 6         | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *RR       |         |    |
|           | an        |           | CRelease* |         |    |
|           | *RR       |           |           |         |    |
|           | CRelease* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 7         | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |         |    |
|           | UE        |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11   |           |           |         |    |
|           | before    |           |           |         |    |
|           | tmax      |           |           |         |    |
|           | expires?  |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1,  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 2 and 3)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 8-9       | Steps 3-4 | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | of Table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 4)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 10a1 to   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 10b5a1    |           |           |         |    |
|           | describe  |           |           |         |    |
|           | b         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ehaviours |           |           |         |    |
|           | which     |           |           |         |    |
|           | depend on |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | pa        |           |           |         |    |
|           | rameters; |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"lower   |           |           |         |    |
|           | case      |           |           |         |    |
|           | letter\"  |           |           |         |    |
|           | i         |           |           |         |    |
|           | dentifies |           |           |         |    |
|           | a step    |           |           |         |    |
|           | sequence  |           |           |         |    |
|           | that take |           |           |         |    |
|           | place if  |           |           |         |    |
|           | a         |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | parameter |           |           |         |    |
|           | has a     |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | articular |           |           |         |    |
|           | value.    |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 10a       | IF 5GS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
| 1-10a15a1 | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |         |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Initial   |           |           |         |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9, THEN   |           |           |         |    |
|           | steps 5   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 10b1-10b2 | Void.     | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 10        | ELSE IF   | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
| b3-10b5a1 | 5GS       |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |         |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Mobility  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9, THEN   |           |           |         |    |
|           | steps 4   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to 6a1 of |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 11-12a1   | Void.     | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Timer     |           |           |           |         |    |
| tmax in   |           |           |           |         |    |
| steps 4   |           |           |           |         |    |
| and 7 are |           |           |           |         |    |
| derived   |           |           |           |         |    |
| from the  |           |           |           |         |    |
| high      |           |           |           |         |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN      |           |           |           |         |    |
| search    |           |           |           |         |    |
| timer T   |           |           |           |         |    |
| defined   |           |           |           |         |    |
| by        |           |           |           |         |    |
| EF        |           |           |           |         |    |
| ~HPPLMN.~ |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Following |           |           |           |         |    |
| attempts  |           |           |           |         |    |
| to access |           |           |           |         |    |
| the       |           |           |           |         |    |
| H         |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN/EHPL |           |           |           |         |    |
| MN/higher |           |           |           |         |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN in   |           |           |           |         |    |
| VPLMN is  |           |           |           |         |    |
| operator  |           |           |           |         |    |
| specific  |           |           |           |         |    |
| setting   |           |           |           |         |    |
| (Refer to |           |           |           |         |    |
| TS 23.122 |           |           |           |         |    |
| Rel-12).  |           |           |           |         |    |
| Hence,    |           |           |           |         |    |
| window    |           |           |           |         |    |
| between   |           |           |           |         |    |
| 120s to   |           |           |           |         |    |
| T+        |           |           |           |         |    |
| Tolerance |           |           |           |         |    |
| is being  |           |           |           |         |    |
| used,     |           |           |           |         |    |
| where the |           |           |           |         |    |
| high      |           |           |           |         |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN      |           |           |           |         |    |
| search    |           |           |           |         |    |
| timer T   |           |           |           |         |    |
| defined   |           |           |           |         |    |
| by        |           |           |           |         |    |
| E         |           |           |           |         |    |
| F~HPPLMN~ |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 3:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Tolerance |           |           |           |         |    |
| of 5min   |           |           |           |         |    |
| is added  |           |           |           |         |    |
| to allow  |           |           |           |         |    |
| time for  |           |           |           |         |    |
| the UE to |           |           |           |         |    |
| find the  |           |           |           |         |    |
| proper    |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN.     |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 4:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| The 5GS   |           |           |           |         |    |
| reg       |           |           |           |         |    |
| istration |           |           |           |         |    |
| type      |           |           |           |         |    |
| shall be  |           |           |           |         |    |
| only set  |           |           |           |         |    |
| as        |           |           |           |         |    |
| Mobility  |           |           |           |         |    |
| Reg       |           |           |           |         |    |
| istration |           |           |           |         |    |
| for R16   |           |           |           |         |    |
| onwards   |           |           |           |         |    |
| UEs       |           |           |           |         |    |
| according |           |           |           |         |    |
| to TS     |           |           |           |         |    |
| 24.501    |           |           |           |         |    |
| subclause |           |           |           |         |    |
| 5.2.3.2.5 |           |           |           |         |    |
| specified |           |           |           |         |    |
| in        |           |           |           |         |    |
| Release   |           |           |           |         |    |
| 16        |           |           |           |         |    |
| onwards.  |           |           |           |         |    |
| The       |           |           |           |         |    |
| EXCEPTION |           |           |           |         |    |
| de        |           |           |           |         |    |
| scription |           |           |           |         |    |
| applies   |           |           |           |         |    |
| only to   |           |           |           |         |    |
| R15 UEs.  |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+

##### 6.3.1.8.5 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-64 .H6}

Table 6.3.1.8.5-1: *DL NAS TRANSPORT Message for NR Cell 13* (step 3,
Table 6.3.1.8.4-1)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-11                                                                                                                                                                                        
  --------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark                                                                    Comment                                                                                              Condition
  Payload Container                                   Present                                                                         The SOR transparent container in the payload container IE carries steering of roaming information.   
  SoR-MAC-IAUS                                        Set to match the calculated SoR-MAC-IAUS as the way defined in TS 33.501 A.17                                                                                                        
  CounterSOR                                          Value generated as per TS 33.501 Cl 6.14.2.3                                                                                                                                         
  SOR data type                                       0                                                                               The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.                               
  List indication value                               1                                                                               List of preferred PLMN/access technology combinations is provided                                    
  List type                                           1                                                                               The list type is a PLMN ID and access technology list                                                
  Acknowledgement (ACK) value                         1                                                                               Acknowledgement requested                                                                            
  PLMN ID 1                                           PLMN2                                                                                                                                                                                
  Access Technology Identifier 1                      NG-RAN                                                                                                                                                                               

Table 6.3.1.8.5-2: Void

Table 6.3.1.8.5-3: *UL NAS TRANSPORT Message for NR Cell 13* (step 5,
Table 6.3.1.8.4-1)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-10                                                                                                                                                                      
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment                                                                                                                                             Condition
  Payload Container                                   Present        The SOR transparent container in the payload container IE carries acknowledgement of successful reception of the steering of roaming information.   
  SOR data type                                       1              The SOR transparent container carries acknowledgement of successful reception of the steering of roaming information.                               

Table 6.3.1.8.5-4: Void

#### 6.3.1.9 Steering of UE in roaming after registration/Manual PLMN selection mode

##### 6.3.1.9.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-68 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-132 .H6}

**with** {UE being in manual PLMN selection mode **and** UE has
registered onto a VPLMN}

**ensure that** {

**when** {SOR Transparent container included in DL NAS TRANSPORT message
contains steering of roaming information **and** indicates ACK has been
requested **and** security check is successful}

**then** {UE sends an SOR transparent container with ACK in UL NAS
TRANSPORT message **and** stays on the VPLMN

}

##### 6.3.1.9.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-68 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 23.122, clause C.3. Unless otherwise stated these are
Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.3\]

2\) The AMF to the UE: the AMF sends a DL NAS TRANSPORT message to the
served UE. The AMF includes in the DL NAS TRANSPORT message the steering
of roaming information received from the UDM.

3\) Upon receiving the steering of roaming information, the UE shall
perform a security check on the list of preferred PLMN/access technology
combinations included in the DL NAS TRANSPORT message to verify that the
list of preferred PLMN/access technology combinations is provided by
HPLMN, and:

a\) if the security check is successful and:

\- if the steering of roaming information contains a secured packet (see
3GPP TS 31.115 \[67\]), the ME shall upload the secured packet to the
USIM using procedures in 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\];

NOTE 1: How the ME handles UICC responses and failures in communication
between the ME and UICC is implementation specific and out of scope of
this release of the specification.

When the ME receives a USAT REFRESH command qualifier (see 3GPP TS
31.111 \[41\]) of type \"Steering of Roaming\" it performs the procedure
for steering of roaming in subclause 4.4.6 with an exception that if the
UE is in automatic network selection mode, then the UE shall wait until
it moves to idle mode or 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive
indication (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) before attempting to obtain
service on a higher priority PLMN (specified in subclause 4.4.6
bullet d);

\- otherwise, the ME shall replace the highest priority entries in the
\"Operator Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" list stored
in the ME with the received list of preferred PLMN/access technology
combinations. If the UE is in automatic network selection mode, then the
UE shall wait until it moves to idle mode or 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with
RRC inactive indication (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) before attempting to
obtain service on a higher priority PLMN as specified in
subclause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T that controls periodic
attempts has expired.

If the last established PDU session is an emergency PDU session then the
UE shall attempt to perform the PLMN selection after the release of the
emergency PDU session and expiration of timer T.

If the UDM has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE then steps 4
and 5 are skipped; and

b\) if the security check is not successful and the UE is in automatic
network selection mode, then the UE shall wait until it moves to idle
mode or 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) before attempting to obtain service on a higher
priority PLMN as specified in subclause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T
that controls periodic attempts has expired, with an exception that the
current PLMN is considered as lowest priority. If the last established
PDU session is an emergency PDU session then the UE shall attempt to
perform the PLMN selection after the release of the emergency PDU
session and expiration of timer T.

If the UDM has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE then steps 4
and 5 are skipped;

NOTE 2: When the UE is in the manual mode of operation or the current
chosen VPLMN is part of the \"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access
Technology\" list, the UE stays on the VPLMN.

4\) The UE to the AMF: if the UDM has requested an acknowledgement from
the UE in the DL NAS TRANSPORT message and the security check in step 2
was successful, the UE sends an UL NAS TRANSPORT message to the serving
AMF with an SOR transparent container including the UE acknowledgement;

##### 6.3.1.9.3 Test Description {#test-description-67 .H6}

##### 6.3.1.9.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-67 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-49 .H6}

\- Two inter-frequency multi-PLMN NR Cells as specified in TS 38.508-1
\[4\] Table 4.4.2-1 are configured broadcasting PLMNs as indicated in
Table 6.3.1.9.3.1-1.

\- The PLMNs are identified in the test by the identifiers in Table
6.3.1.9.3.1-1. The MCC and MNC values of PLMN identifiers are specified
in TS 36.523-1 \[13\], Table 6.0.1-1.

Table 6.3.1.9.3.1-1: PLMN identifiers

  NR Cell      PLMN names
  ------------ ------------
               
  NR Cell 11   PLMN2
  NR Cell 12   PLMN13

NR Cell 11 is set to \'\'Serving Cell\'\';

NR Cell 12 is set to \'\'Serving Cell\'\';

System Information Combination NR-1 as defined in TS38.508 clause
4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-63 .H6}

\- The UE is in Manual PLMN selection mode.

\- USIM configuration as defined in Table 6.4.1-21 of TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
will be used.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-66 .H6}

\- The UE is in Switched OFF (State 0-A) as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
Table 4.4A.2-0.

##### 6.3.1.9.4 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-67 .H6}

Table 6.3.1.9.4-1: Main behaviour

+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| St | Procedure    | Message      | TP           | Verdict |    |
|    |              | Sequence     |              |         |    |
+====+==============+==============+==============+=========+====+
|    |              | U - S        | Message      |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 1  | Power on the | \-           | \-           | \-      | \- |
|    | UE.          |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 2  | PLMN13 is    | \-           | \-           | \-      | \- |
|    | manually     |              |              |         |    |
|    | selected.    |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 3  | Whole        | \-           | \-           | \-      | \- |
|    | registration |              |              |         |    |
|    | procedure    |              |              |         |    |
|    | described in |              |              |         |    |
|    | TS 38.508-1  |              |              |         |    |
|    | \[4\] Table  |              |              |         |    |
|    | 4.5.2.2-2    |              |              |         |    |
|    | are          |              |              |         |    |
|    | performed on |              |              |         |    |
|    | NR Cell 12,  |              |              |         |    |
|    | with         |              |              |         |    |
|    | "connected   |              |              |         |    |
|    | without      |              |              |         |    |
|    | release".    |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 4  | The SS       | \<\--        | NR RRC:      | \-      | \- |
|    | transmits an |              | *DLInformat  |         |    |
|    | DLInforma    |              | ionTransfer* |         |    |
|    | tionTransfer |              |              |         |    |
|    | message      |              | *5GMM:* *DL  |         |    |
|    | containing   |              | NAS          |         |    |
|    | steering of  |              | TRANSPORT*   |         |    |
|    | roaming      |              |              |         |    |
|    | information  |              |              |         |    |
|    | indicating   |              |              |         |    |
|    | list of      |              |              |         |    |
|    | preferred    |              |              |         |    |
|    | PLMN/access  |              |              |         |    |
|    | technology   |              |              |         |    |
|    | combination  |              |              |         |    |
|    | provided     |              |              |         |    |
|    | with         |              |              |         |    |
|    | ac           |              |              |         |    |
|    | knowledgment |              |              |         |    |
|    | requested    |              |              |         |    |
|    | from the UE  |              |              |         |    |
|    | for          |              |              |         |    |
|    | successful   |              |              |         |    |
|    | reception.   |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 5  | The UE       | \--\>        | NR RRC:      | 1       | P  |
|    | transmits an |              | *ULInformat  |         |    |
|    | ULInforma    |              | ionTransfer* |         |    |
|    | tionTransfer |              |              |         |    |
|    | message      |              | *5GMM:UL NAS |         |    |
|    | carrying     |              | TRANSPORT*   |         |    |
|    | ack          |              |              |         |    |
|    | nowledgement |              |              |         |    |
|    | of           |              |              |         |    |
|    | successful   |              |              |         |    |
|    | reception of |              |              |         |    |
|    | the steering |              |              |         |    |
|    | of roaming   |              |              |         |    |
|    | information. |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 6  | The SS       | \<\--        | NR RRC:      | \-      | \- |
|    | transmits an |              | *RRCRelease* |         |    |
|    | *RRCRelease* |              |              |         |    |
|    | message.     |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 7  | SS starts    | \-           | \-           | \-      | \- |
|    | timer of 1   |              |              |         |    |
|    | minute and   |              |              |         |    |
|    | waits this   |              |              |         |    |
|    | timer        |              |              |         |    |
|    | expires.     |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 8  | Check: Does  | \-           | \-           | 1       | P  |
|    | the UE is in |              |              |         |    |
|    | state 5GC    |              |              |         |    |
|    | RRC\_IDLE on |              |              |         |    |
|    | NR Cell 12   |              |              |         |    |
|    | as specified |              |              |         |    |
|    | in TS        |              |              |         |    |
|    | 38.508-1     |              |              |         |    |
|    | \[4\] Table  |              |              |         |    |
|    | 4.9.4.2.2-1? |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 9  | The SS       | \-           | \-           | \-      | \- |
|    | configures:  |              |              |         |    |
|    |              |              |              |         |    |
|    | \- NR Cell   |              |              |         |    |
|    | 11 as a      |              |              |         |    |
|    | \"           |              |              |         |    |
|    | Non-Suitable |              |              |         |    |
|    | \"off\" cell |              |              |         |    |
|    | \".          |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 10 | The user     | \-           | \-           | \-      | \- |
|    | sets the UE  |              |              |         |    |
|    | in Automatic |              |              |         |    |
|    | PLMN         |              |              |         |    |
|    | selection    |              |              |         |    |
|    | mode.        |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 11 | Wait for     | \-           | \-           | \-      | \- |
|    | 300s to      |              |              |         |    |
|    | allow the UE |              |              |         |    |
|    | to switch to |              |              |         |    |
|    | automatic    |              |              |         |    |
|    | PLMN         |              |              |         |    |
|    | selection    |              |              |         |    |
|    | mode.        |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+

##### 6.3.1.9.5 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-65 .H6}

Table 6.3.1.9.5-1: *DL NAS TRANSPORT Message for NR Cell 12* (step 4,
Table 6.3.1.9.4-1)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-11                                                                                                                       
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment                                                                                              Condition
  Payload Container                                   Present        The SOR transparent container in the payload container IE carries steering of roaming information.   

Table 6.3.1.9.5-2: SOR Transparent Container in Payload Container IE of
DL *NAS TRANSPORT Message for NR Cell 12* (step 4, Table 6.3.1.9.4-1)

  Derivation Path: TS 24.501 \[22\] Figure 9.11.3.51.1                                                                                                                                                              
  ------------------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark                                                                      Comment                                                                  Condition
  SoR-MAC-I~AUS~                                         Set to match the calculated SoR-MAC-I~AUS~ as the way defined in TS 33.501 A.17                                                                            
  Counter~SOR~                                           Value generated as per TS 33.501 Cl 6.14.2.3                                                                                                               
  SOR data type                                          0                                                                                 The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.   
  List indication value                                  1                                                                                 List of preferred PLMN/access technology combinations is provided        
  List type                                              1                                                                                 The list type is a PLMN ID and access technology list                    
  Acknowledgement (ACK) value                            1                                                                                 Acknowledgement requested                                                
  PLMN ID 1                                              PLMN2                                                                                                                                                      
  Access Technology Identifier 1                         NG-RAN                                                                                                                                                     

Table 6.3.1.9.5-3: *UL NAS TRANSPORT Message for NR Cell 12* (step 5,
Table 6.3.1.9.4-1)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-10                                                                                                                                                                      
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment                                                                                                                                             Condition
  Payload Container                                   Present        The SOR transparent container in the payload container IE carries acknowledgement of successful reception of the steering of roaming information.   

Table 6.3.1.9.5-4: SOR Transparent Container in *Payload Container IE of
UL NAS TRANSPORT Message for NR Cell 12* (step 5, Table 6.3.1.9.4-1)

  Derivation Path: TS 24.501 \[22\] Figure 9.11.3.51.4                                                                                                                                          
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                                                                                                                 Condition
  SOR data type                                          1              The SOR transparent container carries acknowledgement of successful reception of the steering of roaming information.   

#### 6.3.1.10 Steering of UE in roaming during mobility update registration

##### 6.3.1.10.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-69 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-133 .H6}

**with** {UE being in automatic PLMN selection mode , current VPLMN not
part of "PLMNs where registration was aborted due to SOR" List and not
part of \"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" list
and UE\'s USIM configured with indication that the UE is to receive
Steering of Roaming information due to initial registration in a VPLMN}

**ensure that** {

**when** {UE performs mobility update Registration Procedure to cell
belonging to VPLMN **and** chosen VPLMN does not provide Steering of
Roaming info}

**then** {UE continues to camp on the chosen VPLMN}

}

##### 6.3.1.10.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-69 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 23.122, clause C.2. Unless otherwise stated these are
Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.2\]

2\) Upon receiving REGISTRATION REQUEST message, the VPLMN AMF executes
the registration procedure as defined in subclause 4.2.2.2.2 of 3GPP TS
23.502 \[63\]. As part of the registration procedure:

a\) if the VPLMN AMF does not have subscription data for the UE, the
VPLMN AMF invokes Nudm\_SDM\_Get service operation to the HPLMN UDM to
get amongst other information the Access and Mobility Subscription data
for the UE (see step 14b in subclause 4.2.2.2.2 of 3GPP TS 23.502
\[63\]); or

b\) if the VPLMN AMF already has subscription data for the UE and:

i\) the 5GS registration type IE in the received REGISTRATION REQUEST
message indicates \"initial registration\" and the \"SoR Update
Indicator for Initial Registration\" field in the UE context is set to
\'the UDM requests the AMF to retrieve SoR information when the UE
performs NAS registration type \"initial registration\"\' as specified
in table 5.2.2.2.2-1 of 3GPP TS 23.502 \[63\]); or

ii\) the 5GS registration type IE in the received REGISTRATION REQUEST
message indicates \"emergency registration\" and the \"SoR Update
Indicator for Emergency Registration\" field in the UE context is set to
\'the UDM requests the AMF to retrieve SoR information when the UE
performs NAS registration type \"emergency registration\"\' as specified
in table 5.2.2.2.2-1 of 3GPP TS 23.502 \[63\]);

then the VPLMN AMF invokes Nudm\_SDM\_Get service operation message to
the HPLMN UDM to retrieve the steering of roaming information (see step
14b in subclause 4.2.2.2.2 of 3GPP TS 23.502 \[63\]);

otherwise the VPLMN AMF sends a REGISTRATION ACCEPT message without the
steering of roaming information to the UE and steps 3a, 3b, 3c, 3d, 4,
5, 6 are skipped;

...

11\) If the UE has a list of available PLMNs in the area and based on
this list the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN than
the selected VPLMN and the UE is in automatic network selection mode,
then the UE shall attempt to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN as
specified in subclause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T that controls
periodic attempts has expired after the release of the N1 NAS signalling
connection. If the N1 NAS signalling connection is not released after
implementation dependent time, the UE may locally release the N1
signalling connection except when the UE has an established emergency
PDU session (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).

##### 6.3.1.10.3 Test Description {#test-description-68 .H6}

##### 6.3.1.10.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-68 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-50 .H6}

\- Three inter-frequency multi-PLMN NR Cells as specified in TS 38.508-1
\[4\] Table 4.4.2-1 are configured broadcasting PLMNs as indicated in
Table 6.3.1.10.3.1-1.

\- The PLMNs are identified in the test by the identifiers in Table
6.3.1.10.3.1-1. The MCC and MNC values of PLMN identifiers are specified
in TS 36.523-1 \[13\], Table 6.0.1-1.

Table 6.3.1.10.3.1-1: PLMN identifiers

  NR Cell      PLMN names
  ------------ ------------
               
  NR Cell 1    PLMN14
  NR Cell 12   PLMN13
  NR Cell 11   PLMN14

\- NR Cell 1 is set to \'\'Serving Cell\'\';

\- NR Cell 12 is set to \'\'Not-Suitable Cell\'\';

\- NR Cell 11 is set to \'\'Not-Suitable Cell\'\';

\- TAI of NR Cell 11 is set to \'\'TAI-2\'\' and TAI of NR Cell 1 is set
to \'\'TAI-1\';\'

\- System Information Combination NR-1 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-64 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic PLMN selection mode.

\- USIM configuration as defined in Table 6.4.1-10 of TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
will be used.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-67 .H6}

\- Ensure that the UE has cleared the RPLMN. And the UE is in Switched
OFF (State 0-A) as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-0.

##### 6.3.1.10.4 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-68 .H6}

Table 6.3.1.10.4-1: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| St        | Procedure | Message   | TP        | Verdict |    |
|           |           | Sequence  |           |         |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+=========+====+
|           |           | U - S     | Message   |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1         | Power on  | \-        |           | \-      | \- |
|           | the UE.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 2-14      | Steps 1   | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | to 13 of  |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | subclause |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 15        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *DLInf    |         |    |
|           | an        |           | ormationT |         |    |
|           | *DLIn     |           | ransfer*  |         |    |
|           | formation |           |           |         |    |
|           | Transfer* |           | 5G MM:    |         |    |
|           | message   |           | REG       |         |    |
|           | and a     |           | ISTRATION |         |    |
|           | REG       |           | ACCEPT    |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | ACCEPT    |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ontaining |           |           |         |    |
|           | steering  |           |           |         |    |
|           | of        |           |           |         |    |
|           | roaming   |           |           |         |    |
|           | in        |           |           |         |    |
|           | formation |           |           |         |    |
|           | i         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ndicating |           |           |         |    |
|           | that      |           |           |         |    |
|           | acknow    |           |           |         |    |
|           | ledgement |           |           |         |    |
|           | is not    |           |           |         |    |
|           | requested |           |           |         |    |
|           | from the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE for    |           |           |         |    |
|           | s         |           |           |         |    |
|           | uccessful |           |           |         |    |
|           | r         |           |           |         |    |
|           | eception. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 16        | The UE    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *ULInf    |         |    |
|           | an        |           | ormationT |         |    |
|           | *ULIn     |           | ransfer*  |         |    |
|           | formation |           |           |         |    |
|           | Transfer* |           | 5G MM:    |         |    |
|           | message   |           | REG       |         |    |
|           | and       |           | ISTRATION |         |    |
|           | REG       |           | COMPLETE  |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | COMPLETE  |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | without   |           |           |         |    |
|           | SOR       |           |           |         |    |
|           | tr        |           |           |         |    |
|           | ansparent |           |           |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ontainer. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 16Aa1 --  | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
| 17Aa2     |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 17B --    | Steps 18  | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
| 17Da2     | -- 19Ba2  |           |           |         |    |
|           | of Table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 17E       | The SS    | \<\--     | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           |           |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RR       |           |           |         |    |
|           | CRelease* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 18        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | co        |           |           |         |    |
|           | nfigures: |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | \- NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11   |           |           |         |    |
|           | as        |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"Serving |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell\"    |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | \- NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1 as |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"Non     |           |           |         |    |
|           | -Suitable |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell\"    |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | \- NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 12   |           |           |         |    |
|           | as        |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"Non     |           |           |         |    |
|           | -Suitable |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell\".   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 19        | The UE    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *RRCSetu  |         |    |
|           | an        |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 20        | SS        | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *         |         |    |
|           | an        |           | RRCSetup* |         |    |
|           | *         |           |           |         |    |
|           | RRCSetup* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 21        | The UE    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *RRCSetup |         |    |
|           | an        |           | Complete* |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetup |           |           |         |    |
|           | Complete* |           | 5GMM:     |         |    |
|           | message   |           | REG       |         |    |
|           | to        |           | ISTRATION |         |    |
|           | confirm   |           | REQUEST   |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | s         |           |           |         |    |
|           | uccessful |           |           |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ompletion |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |         |    |
|           | esta      |           |           |         |    |
|           | blishment |           |           |         |    |
|           | and a     |           |           |         |    |
|           | REG       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | REQUEST   |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | i         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ndicating |           |           |         |    |
|           | \         |           |           |         |    |
|           | "mobility |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | u         |           |           |         |    |
|           | pdating\" |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 22        | SS sends  | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | a         |           | *DLIn     |         |    |
|           | REG       |           | formation |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           | Transfer* |         |    |
|           | ACCEPT*   |           |           |         |    |
|           |  *message |           | 5GMM:     |         |    |
|           | without   |           | REG       |         |    |
|           | including |           | ISTRATION |         |    |
|           | SOR       |           | ACCEPT    |         |    |
|           | tr        |           |           |         |    |
|           | ansparent |           |           |         |    |
|           | container |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 23        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *ULIn     |         |    |
|           | UE send a |           | formation |         |    |
|           | REG       |           | Transfer* |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | COMPLETE  |           | 5GMM:     |         |    |
|           | without   |           | REG       |         |    |
|           | including |           | ISTRATION |         |    |
|           | SOR       |           | COMPLETE  |         |    |
|           | tr        |           |           |         |    |
|           | ansparent |           |           |         |    |
|           | container |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11?  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 24        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *RR       |         |    |
|           | an        |           | CRelease* |         |    |
|           | *RR       |           |           |         |    |
|           | CRelease* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 25        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | co        |           |           |         |    |
|           | nfigures: |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | \- NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11   |           |           |         |    |
|           | as        |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"Serving |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell\"    |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | \- NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1 as |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"Non     |           |           |         |    |
|           | -Suitable |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell\"    |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | \- NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 12   |           |           |         |    |
|           | as        |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"Serving |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell\".   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 26        | Check:    | \-        | \-        | 1       | F  |
|           | Does the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE        |           |           |         |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 12   |           |           |         |    |
|           | within    |           |           |         |    |
|           | timer T=6 |           |           |         |    |
|           | minutes   |           |           |         |    |
|           | \*(1+10%  |           |           |         |    |
|           | to        |           |           |         |    |
|           | lerance)? |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | NOTE: The |           |           |         |    |
|           | timer T   |           |           |         |    |
|           | shall be  |           |           |         |    |
|           | set to    |           |           |         |    |
|           | 396s (6   |           |           |         |    |
|           | minutes   |           |           |         |    |
|           | \*(1+10%  |           |           |         |    |
|           | tol       |           |           |         |    |
|           | erance)), |           |           |         |    |
|           | where the |           |           |         |    |
|           | high      |           |           |         |    |
|           | priority  |           |           |         |    |
|           | PLMN      |           |           |         |    |
|           | search    |           |           |         |    |
|           | timer is  |           |           |         |    |
|           | defined   |           |           |         |    |
|           | in        |           |           |         |    |
|           | EF        |           |           |         |    |
|           | ~HPPLMN~. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 27        | Check:    | \-        | \-        | 1       | \- |
|           | Does the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | result of |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.4.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | indicate  |           |           |         |    |
|           | that the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE is     |           |           |         |    |
|           | camped on |           |           |         |    |
|           | NR Cell   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 11?       |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+

##### 6.3.1.10.5 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-66 .H6}

Table 6.3.1.10.5-1: REGISTRATION ACCEPT for NR Cell 1 (step 15, Table
6.3.1.10.4-1)

  Derivation Path: 38.508-1 Table 4.7.1-7                                                                                                                                                              
  ----------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                       Value/remark                                                                      Comment                                                                  Condition
  SOR Transparent Container                 Present                                                                           The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.   
  SoR-MAC-I~AUS~                            Set to match the calculated SoR-MAC-I~AUS~ as the way defined in TS 33.501 A.17                                                                            
  CounterSOR                                Value generated as per TS 33.501 Cl 6.14.2.3                                                                                                               
  SOR data type                             0                                                                                 The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.   
  List indication value                     1                                                                                 List of preferred PLMN/access technology combinations is provided        
  List type                                 1                                                                                 The list type is a PLMN ID and access technology list                    
  Acknowledgement (ACK) value               0                                                                                 Acknowledgement is not requested                                         
  PLMN ID 1                                 PLMN 14                                                                                                                                                    
  Access Technology Identifier 1            NG-RAN                                                                                                                                                     
  PLMN ID 2                                 PLMN 13                                                                                                                                                    
  Access Technology Identifier 2            NG-RAN                                                                                                                                                     

Table 6.3.1.10.5-2: REGISTRATION COMPLETE for NR Cell 1 (step 16, Table
6.3.1.10.4-1)

  Derivation Path: 38.508-1 Table 4.7.1-8                            
  ----------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                       Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SOR Transparent Container                 Not Present              

Table 6.3.1.10.5-3: REGISTRATION ACCEPT for NR Cell 11 (step 22, Table
6.3.1.10.4-1)

  Derivation Path: 38.508-1 Table 4.7.1-7                            
  ----------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                       Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SOR Transparent Container                 Not Present              

Table 6.3.1.10.5-4: REGISTRATION COMPLETE for NR Cell 11 (step 23, Table
6.3.1.10.4-1)

  Derivation Path: 38.508-1 Table 4.7.1-8                            
  ----------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                       Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SOR Transparent Container                 Not Present              

### 6.3.2 Steering of Roaming with using SOR-CMCI

#### 6.3.2.1 Steering of UE in roaming after registration / SOR-CMCI rule / DNN of the PDU session / DL NAS transport

##### 6.3.2.1.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-70 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-134 .H6}

with { UE being in automatic PLMN selection mode and UE has registered
onto a VPLMN with an established PDU session }

ensure that {

when { UE receives SOR Transparent container included in DL NAS
TRANSPORT message contains steering of roaming information with the
SOR-CMCI field which includes Tsor-cm timer and Criterion type with
setting as DNN of the PDU session }

then { UE sends an SOR transparent container with ACK in UL NAS
TRANSPORT message **and** UE sends DEREGISTRATION REQUEST message after
Tsor-cm timer expires **and** selects higher priority PLMN after
DEREGISTRATION procedure is completed successfully }

}

##### 6.3.2.1.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-70 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 23.122, clause C.4.1, C.4.2, and C.4.3. Unless
otherwise stated these are Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.4.1\]

The HPLMN or subscribed SNPN, based on operator policy, may provide the
UE with SOR-CMCI to control the timing when the UE enters idle mode and
performs higher priority PLMN/access technology or SNPN selection. This
is achieved by the HPLMN indicating to the UE the criteria for releasing
specific PDU session(s) or services and entering idle mode.

NOTE 1: The released PDU sessions may be re-established by the
application once the UE successfully registers on a higher priority PLMN
or SNPN. User interaction is required for some applications.

The HPLMN or subscribed SNPN may configure the SOR-CMCI in the UE, and
may also provide the SOR-CMCI to the UE over N1 NAS signalling. The
SOR-CMCI received over N1 NAS signalling takes precedence over the
SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the ME or stored in the
USIM.

NOTE 2: The SOR-CMCI received over N1 NAS signalling in the SOR
information is either the SOR-CMCI in the USAT REFRESH with command
qualifier of type \"Steering of Roaming\" (see 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\])
which is received in a secured packet, or the SOR-CMCI received in plain
text.

If the UE receives SOR information containing the list of preferred
PLMN/access technology combinations or SOR-SNPN-SI without SOR-CMCI, or
the ME receives USAT REFRESH with command qualifier (see
3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]) of type \"Steering of Roaming\" without SOR-CMCI,
or the security check of the received steering of roaming information is
not successful as described in clause C.2, clause C.3 and clause C.4.3,
then:

> 1\) if the UE has SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the
> ME, the UE shall use the SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of
> the ME; and
>
> 2\) if the UE has no SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the
> ME, the UE shall use the SOR-CMCI stored in the USIM, if any.

The UE shall delete the stored SOR-CMCI, if any, in the non-volatile
memory of the ME and store the received SOR-CMCI in the non-volatile
memory of the ME when:

> 1\) the ME receives SOR-CMCI in the USAT REFRESH with command
> qualifier (see 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]) of type \"Steering of Roaming\";
> or
>
> 2\) the UE receives the steering of roaming information containing the
> SOR-CMCI over N1 NAS signalling and the UE receives the \"Store
> SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator set to \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\";

The SOR-CMCI shall be stored in the non-volatile memory of the ME
together with the SUPI from the USIM. The ME shall not delete the
SOR-CMCI when the UE is switched off. The ME shall delete the SOR-CMCI
when a new USIM is inserted.

SOR-CMCI consists of SOR-CMCI rules. Each SOR-CMCI rule consists of the
following parameters:

> i\) a criterion of one of the following types:
>
> \- PDU session attribute type criterion;
>
> \- service type criterion;
>
> \- SOR security check criterion; or
>
> \- match all type criterion; and
>
> ii\) a value for Tsor-cm timer associated with each criterion
> presented in i) indicating the time the UE shall wait before releasing
> the PDU sessions or the services and entering idle mode.

SOR-CMCI contains zero, one or more SOR-CMCI rules with PDU session
attribute type criterion, zero, one or more SOR-CMCI rules with service
type criterion, and zero or one SOR-CMCI rule with match all type
criterion.

PDU session attribute type criterion consists of one of the following:

> a\) DNN of the PDU session;
>
> b\) S-NSSAI STT of the PDU session; or
>
> c\) S-NSSAI SST and SD of the PDU session.

Service type criterion consists of one of the following:

> a\) IMS registration related signalling;
>
> b\) MMTEL voice call;
>
> c\) MMTEL video call; or
>
> d\) SMS over NAS or SMSoIP.

SOR security check criterion consists of:

> a\) SOR security check not successful.

Match all type criterion consists of:

> a\) match all.

When the SOR-CMCI received by the UE over N1 NAS signalling contains no
SOR-CMCI rules, the UE shall stop all running Tsor-cm timers, if any,
and act as if no SOR-CMCI is configured. Additionally:

> \- if the SOR-CMCI is received in plain text and it also contains the
> \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, the UE shall delete the stored
> SOR-CMCI in the non-volatile memory of the ME, if any; and
>
> \- if the SOR-CMCI is received in a secured packet, and the USIM
> provides the ME with the SOR-CMCI in the USAT REFRESH with command
> qualifier of type \"Steering of Roaming\" (see 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]),
> then the UE shall delete the stored SOR-CMCI in the non-volatile
> memory of the ME, if any.

The HPLMN may update the SOR-CMCI in the USIM such that it contains no
SOR-CMCI rules, in which case the UE behaviour described in clause C.4.2
applies. Also the HPLMN may make the SOR-CMCI file in the USIM
unavailable (see 3GPP TS 31.102 \[40\]).

If there are more than one criterion applicable for a PDU session (e.g.,
a criterion for the PDU session and another one for the service) then
the Tsor-cm timer with the highest value shall apply.

If there are more than one criterion applicable to different ongoing PDU
sessions or services leading to multiple applicable Tsor-cm timers, then
all the applicable Tsor-cm timers shall be started. Further handling of
such cases is described in clause C.4.2.

If the value for Tsor-cm timer equals \"infinity\" then the UE shall
wait until the PDU session is released or the service is stopped.

The Tsor-cm timer is applicable only if the UE is in automatic network
selection mode.

Upon switching to the manual network selection mode, the UE shall stop
any Tsor-cm timer, if running. In this case, the UE is not required to
enter idle mode and perform the de-registration procedure.

The UE shall consider the following services as exempted from being
forced to release the related established PDU session, if any, enter
idle mode and perform high priority PLMN/access technology or SNPN
selection. These services are known to the UE by default and the UE
shall not follow the SOR-CMCI criteria even if configured to interrupt
such services:

> i\) emergency services.

The UE configured with high priority access in the selected PLMN or SNPN
shall consider all services and all related established PDU sessions, if
any, to be exempted from being forced to be released to enter idle mode
and perform high priority PLMN/access technology or SNPN selection.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.4.2\]

During SOR procedure and while applying SOR-CMCI, the UE shall determine
the time to release the PDU session(s) or the services as follows:

> \- If the UE encounters SOR security check not successful on the
> received steering of roaming information, and a matching criterion
> \"SOR security check not successful\" is included in the SOR-CMCI
> stored in the non-volatile memory of the ME, then the UE shall:
>
> \- if the timer value is not zero, start an associated Tsor-cm timer
> with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> \- stop all other running Tsor-cm timers, if any; and
>
> \- not start any new Tsor-cm timer while Tsor-cm timer associated with
> \"SOR security check not successful\" criterion is running;
>
> \- If one or more SOR-CMCI rules are included in SOR-CMCI, where for
> each criterion:
>
> a\) DNN of the PDU session:
>
> the UE shall check whether it has a PDU session with a DNN matching to
> the DNN included in SOR-CMCI, and if any, the UE shall, if the timer
> value is not zero, start an associated Tsor-cm timer with the value
> included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> b\) S-NSSAI SST of the PDU session:
>
> the UE shall check whether it has a PDU session with a S-NSSAI SST
> matching the S-NSSAI SST included in SOR-CMCI, and if any, the UE
> shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an associated Tsor-cm
> timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> b1) S-NSSAI SST and SD of the PDU session:
>
> the UE shall check whether it has a PDU session with a S-NSSAI SST and
> SD matching the S-NSSAI SST and SD included in SOR-CMCI, and if any,
> the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an associated
> Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> c\) IMS registration related signalling:
>
> the UE shall check whether IMS registration related signalling is
> ongoing, and if it is ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not
> zero, start an associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the
> SOR-CMCI;
>
> d\) MMTEL voice call:
>
> the UE shall check whether MMTEL voice call is ongoing, and if it is
> ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an
> associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> e\) MMTEL video call:
>
> the UE shall check whether MMTEL video call is ongoing, and if it is
> ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an
> associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> f\) SMS over NAS or SMSoIP:
>
> the UE shall check whether SMS over NAS or SMSoIP services is ongoing,
> and if it is ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero,
> start an associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the
> SOR-CMCI; or
>
> g\) match all:
>
> the UE shall check whether there are any PDU sessions or services for
> which there is no matching criterion in a) to f) above. If such PDU
> session or service exists, then for each of these PDU sessions or
> services, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an
> associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI.

If the SOR-CMCI is available, and:

> \- the SOR-CMCI used is in the USIM, contains no SOR-CMCI rule;
>
> \- there are one or more SOR-CMCI rules but there is no criterion
> matched with any ongoing PDU session or service; or
>
> \- there are one or more SOR-CMCI rules and there is one or more
> criteria matched with an ongoing PDU session or service, but the
> highest Tsor-cm timer value associated with the matched criteria is
> equal to zero;

then there is no Tsor-cm timer started for any PDU session or service.

While one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, the UE shall check the
newly established PDU session or service for a matching criterion in the
SOR-CMCI:

> \- If a matching criterion is found and the applicable Tsor-cm timer
> indicated the value \"infinity\" then the UE shall start the Tsor-cm
> timer associated to the newly established PDU session or service with
> the value set to infinity; or
>
> \- For all other cases, if a matching criterion is found and the timer
> value is not zero then the UE shall start the Tsor-cm timer associated
> to the newly established PDU session or service with the value
> included in the SOR-CMCI, with the exception that if the value of the
> Tsor-cm timer included in the SOR-CMCI exceeds the highest value among
> the current values of all running Tsor-cm timers, then the value of
> the Tsor-cm timer for the newly established PDU session or service
> shall be set to the highest value among the current values of all
> running Tsor-cm timers.

NOTE 1: For newly established PDU session or service as described above,
the timer is set irrespective of whether other ongoing PDU sessions or
services that match the same criteria exist and for which corresponding
Tsor-cm timers are running.

NOTE 2: NAS 5GMM layer will receive an explicit indication from the
upper layers that a service is started or stopped. When a service is
started, it is handled as a new service in the procedures described in
this clause.

NOTE 3: While one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, the UE can trigger
any 5GSM procedure or start new services.

While one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, upon receiving a new
SOR-CMCI as described in annex C.4.3, the UE shall check if there is a
matching criterion found for any ongoing PDU session or service in the
new SOR-CMCI:

> \- if a matching criterion is found and the value of Tsor-cm timer in
> the new SOR-CMCI indicates the value \"infinity\", then:
>
> a\) if the Tsor-cm timer associated to the PDU session or service is
> not running, then the UE shall start the Tsor-cm timer associated to
> the PDU session or service with the value set to infinity; or
>
> b\) if the Tsor-cm timer associated to the PDU session or service is
> already running, then the UE shall set the value of the Tsor-cm timer
> associated to the PDU session or service to infinity without stopping
> and restarting the timer;
>
> \- if a matching criterion is found and the value of Tsor-cm timer in
> the new SOR-CMCI is other than infinity and is smaller than the
> current value of the running Tsor-cm timer for the associated PDU
> session or service, then the Tsor-cm timer value for the associated
> PDU session or service shall be replaced with the value in the new
> SOR-CMCI without stopping and restarting the timer; or
>
> \- for all other cases, the running Tsor-cm timers for the associated
> PDU sessions or services are kept unchanged.

The Tsor-cm timer shall be stopped when the associated PDU session is
released or the associated service is stopped.

If the security check on the received steering of roaming information is
successful, the UE shall stop the Tsor-cm timer associated with \"SOR
security check not successful\", if running, and act on the received
steering of roaming information. The current PLMN or SNPN is not
considered as lowest priority.

NOTE 4: This also applies to the case when the current PLMN or SNPN is
different from the PLMN or SNPN in which the Tsor-cm timer associated
with \"SOR security check not successful\" was started.

If the UE, while one or more Tsor-cm timers are running:

> a\) enters idle mode not due to lower layer failure (see
> 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]);
>
> b\) is not able to successfully recover the N1 NAS signalling
> connection (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]); or
>
> c\) enters 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
> 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]);

then the UE shall stop the timer(s). In these cases, if:

> a\) the UE has a list of available and allowable PLMNs or SNPNs in the
> area and based on this list or any other implementation specific
> means, the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN or SNPN
> than the selected VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN; or
>
> b\) the UE does not have a list of available and allowable PLMNs or
> SNPNs in the area and is unable to determine whether there is a higher
> priority PLMN or SNPN than the selected VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN
> using any other implementation specific means;

then the UE shall attempt to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN or
SNPN as specified in clause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T that
controls periodic attempts has expired or as specified in clause 4.9.3.

NOTE 5: When the UE enters idle mode due to lower layer failure while
one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, then the UE does not stop
Tsor-cm timer(s) as recovery of NAS signalling connection is possible
(see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).

When the UE determines that no Tsor-cm timer is started for any PDU
session or service, the last running Tsor-cm timer is stopped due to
release of the associated PDU sessions or stop of the associated
services, or the last running Tsor-cm timer expires, if:

> i\) the UE has a list of available and allowable PLMNs or SNPNs in the
> area and based on this list or any other implementation specific
> means, the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN or SNPN
> than the selected VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN; or
>
> ii\) the UE does not have a list of available and allowable PLMNs or
> SNPNs in the area and is unable to determine whether there is a higher
> priority PLMN or SNPN than the selected VPLMN or non-subscribed
> SNPNusing any other implementation specific means;

then if the UE is in 5GMM-CONNECTED mode, the UE shall perform the
deregistration procedure (see clause 4.2.2.3 of 3GPP TS 23.502 \[63\])
that releases all the established PDU sessions and services, if any, and
once the UE enters idle mode it shall attempt to obtain service on a
higher priority PLMN or SNPN as specified in clause 4.4.3.3 by acting as
if timer T that controls periodic attempts has expired or as specified
in clause 4.9.3.

NOTE 6: The list of available and allowable PLMNs or SNPNs in the area
is implementation specific.

The UE which has an emergency PDU session, receives a request from the
upper layers to establish an emergency PDU session or perform emergency
services fallback, registers for emergency services, or is configured
for high priority access in the selected PLMN or SNPN is not required to
enter idle mode if the last running Tsor-cm timer for any PDU session or
service stops or expires. In this case, the UE shall attempt to perform
the PLMN or SNPN selection after the emergency PDU session or the high
priority service is released and after the UE enters idle mode or
5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).

If the UE selects a cell of any access technology other than NG-RAN, the
ongoing SOR procedure is terminated and the UE shall stop applying
SOR-CMCI and stop all running Tsor-cm timers without triggering any
further actions.

NOTE 7: If the UE is served by any access technology other than NG-RAN,
the HPLMN can initiate a steering of roaming procedure as specified in
clause 4.4.6.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.4.3\]

The stage-2 flow for providing UE with SOR-CMCI in HPLMN, VPLMN,
subscribed SNPN or non-subscribed SNPN after registration is indicated
in figure C.4.3.1, when the ME supports the SOR-CMCI. The selected PLMN
or SNPN can be the HPLMN, a VPLMN, the subscribed SNPN or a
non-subscribed SNPN. The AMF is located in the selected PLMN or SNPN.
The UDM is located in the HPLMN or the subscribed SNPN.

In this procedure, the SOR-CMCI is sent without the list of preferred
PLMN/access technology combinations and the SOR-SNPN-SI. In this
procedure, the SOR-CMCI is sent in plain text or is sent within the
secured packet.

NOTE 1: The SOR-AF can determine that the ME supports the SOR-CMCI if
the Nsoraf\_SoR\_Info service operation has returned the \"ME support of
SOR-CMCI\" indicator. The UDM can determine that the ME supports the
SOR-CMCI if the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator is stored for the
UE. How the SOR-AF determines that the USIM for the indicated SUPI
supports SOR-CMCI is implementation specific.

NOTE 2: The secured packet provided by the SOR-AF can include SOR-CMCI
only if the SOR-AF has determined that the ME supports the SOR-CMCI and
the USIM of the indicated SUPI supports SOR-CMCI. Otherwise if only the
\"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator is stored for the UE, then
SOR-CMCI, if any, cannot be included in the secured packet.

The procedure is triggered:

> \- If the UDM supports obtaining the parameters of the list of
> preferred PLMN/access technology combinations, the SOR-SNPN-SI, the
> SOR-CMCI, and the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if any, or a
> secured packet from the SOR-AF, the HPLMN or subscribed SNPN policy
> for the SOR-AF invocation is present in the UDM and the SOR-AF
> provides the UDM with the SOR-CMCI for a UE identified by SUPI; or
>
> \- When the SOR-CMCI becomes available in the UDM (i.e., retrieved
> from the UDR).

Figure C.4.3.1: Procedure for configuring UE with SOR-CMCI after
registration

For the steps below, security protection is described in
3GPP TS 33.501 \[24\].

> 1\) The SOR-AF to the UDM: Nudm\_ParameterProvision\_Update request is
> sent to the UDM to trigger the update of the UE with the SOR-CMCI (in
> plain text or secured packet). In case of providing SOR-CMCI in plain
> text, include the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if applicable.
> In case of providing SOR-CMCI in a secured packet, include an
> indication that \"the list of preferred PLMN/access technology
> combinations is not included in the secured packet\".
>
> 2\) The UDM to the AMF: The UDM notifies the changes of the user
> profile to the affected AMF by the means of invoking
> Nudm\_SDM\_Notification service operation. The Nudm\_SDM\_Notification
> service operation contains the steering of roaming information that
> needs to be delivered transparently to the UE over NAS within the
> Access and Mobility Subscription data. If the HPLMN or subscribed SNPN
> decided that the UE is to acknowledge successful security check of the
> received steering of roaming information, the Nudm\_SDM\_Notification
> service operation also contains an indication that the UDM requests an
> acknowledgement from the UE as part of the steering of roaming
> information. The UDM:
>
> \- upon receiving the SOR-CMCI (in plain text), shall:
>
> i\) if the UE is registered in the HPLMN or a VPLMN, include the
> SOR-CMCI, the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if any, and the
> HPLMN indication that \'no change of the \"Operator Controlled PLMN
> Selector with Access Technology\" list stored in the UE is needed and
> thus no list of preferred PLMN/access technology combinations is
> provided\';
>
> ii\) if the UE is registered in a non-subscribed SNPN, include the
> SOR-CMCI, the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if any, and the
> HPLMN or subscribed SNPN indication that \'no change of the
> SOR-SNPN-SI stored in the UE is needed and thus no SOR-SNPN-SI is
> provided\'; and
>
> iii\) if the UE is registered in a subscribed SNPN and the AMF has
> reported to the UDM that the UE supports SOR-SNPN-SI, include the
> SOR-CMCI, the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if any, and the
> HPLMN or subscribed SNPN indication that \'no change of the
> SOR-SNPN-SI stored in the UE is needed and thus no SOR-SNPN-SI is
> provided\'; or
>
> \- upon receiving the SOR-CMCI in secured packet, shall include the
> secured packet into the steering of roaming information;

NOTE 3: The UDM considers \"the list of preferred PLMN/access technology
combinations is not included in the secured packet\" received together
with the secured packet from the SOR-AF to indicate that the UE is not
expected to perform SOR based on the associated steering of roaming
information sent to the UE. However, the SOR-CMCI included in the
secured packet can be applied by the UE if the UE has one or more
Tsor-cm timers running as described in C.4.2.

NOTE 4: The UDM cannot provide the SOR-CMCI, if any, to the AMF which
does not support receiving SoR transparent container (see
3GPP TS 29.503 \[78\]).

> 3\) The AMF to the UE: the AMF sends a DL NAS TRANSPORT message to the
> served UE. The AMF includes in the DL NAS TRANSPORT message the
> steering of roaming information received from the UDM.
>
> 4\) Upon receiving the steering of roaming information containing the
> SOR-CMCI and the HPLMN indication that \'no change of the \"Operator
> Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" list stored in the
> UE is needed and thus no list of preferred PLMN/access technology
> combinations is provided\' or the HPLMN or subscribed SNPN indication
> that \'no change of the SOR-SNPN-SI stored in the UE is needed and
> thus no SOR-SNPN-SI is provided\', or the secured packet, the UE shall
> perform a security check on the steering of roaming information
> included in the DL NAS TRANSPORT message to verify that the steering
> of roaming information is provided by HPLMN or subscribed SNPN, and:
>
> a\) if the security check is successful, the UE shall store the
> SOR-CMCI according to clause C.4.1. If the UE has one or more Tsor-cm
> timers running, the UE shall apply the received SOR-CMCI as described
> in C.4.2.
>
> If the steering of roaming information contains a secured packet and
> the UDM has requested an acknowledgement from the UE in the DL NAS
> TRANSPORT message, the UE sends an UL NAS TRANSPORT message to the
> serving AMF with an SOR transparent container including the UE
> acknowledgement and the UE shall set the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\"
> indicator to \"supported\" only after the ME receives UICC responses
> indicating that the UICC has received the secured packet successfully.
> Otherwise, if the UDM has requested an acknowledgement from the UE in
> the DL NAS TRANSPORT message, the UE sends an UL NAS TRANSPORT message
> to the serving AMF with an SOR transparent container including the UE
> acknowledgement and the UE shall set the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\"
> indicator to \"supported\". Additionally, if the UE supports access to
> an SNPN using credentials from a credentials holder and the UE is in a
> PLMN, the UE may set the \"ME support of SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator to
> \"supported\".
>
> If the UDM has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE then step
> 5 is skipped; and
>
> b\) if the selected PLMN is a VPLMN or a non-subscribed SNPN, the
> security check is not successful and the UE is in automatic network
> selection mode, then:
>
> \- if the UE has a SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the
> ME, the current PLMN is considered as lowest priority and the UE shall
> apply the actions in clause C.4.2;
>
> \- otherwise, the UE shall wait until it moves to idle mode or
> 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
> 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) before attempting to obtain service on a higher
> priority PLMN as specified in clause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T
> that controls periodic attempts has expired, with an exception that
> the current PLMN is considered as lowest priority, or before
> attempting to obtain service on a higher priority SNPN as specified in
> clause 4.9.3, with an exception that the current registered SNPN is
> considered as lowest priority. If the selected PLMN or SNPN is a VPLMN
> or a non-subscribed SNPN and the UE has an established emergency PDU
> session then the UE shall attempt to perform the PLMN selection after
> the emergency PDU session is released and after the UE enters idle
> mode or 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
> 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).
>
> Step 5 is skipped;
>
> NOTE 5: When the UE is in the manual mode of operation or the current
> chosen VPLMN is part of the \"User Controlled PLMN Selector with
> Access Technology\" list or the current chosen non-subscribed SNPN is
> part of the user controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs for
> the selected entry of the \"list of subscriber data\" the selected
> PLMN subscription, the UE stays on the VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN.

5\) The AMF to the UDM: If the UL NAS TRANSPORT message with an SOR
transparent container is received, the AMF uses the Nudm\_SDM\_Info
service operation to provide the received SOR transparent container to
the UDM. If the HPLMN decided that the UE is to acknowledge successful
security check of the received steering of roaming information in step
2, the UDM verifies that the acknowledgement is provided by the UE. The
UDM shall store the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator and the \"ME
support of SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator, if any; and

> 6\) The UDM to the SOR-AF: Nsoraf\_SoR\_Info (SUPI of the UE,
> successful delivery, \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator, \"ME
> support of SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator, if any). If the HPLMN policy for
> the SOR-AF invocation is present and the HPLMN UDM received and
> verified the UE acknowledgement in step 5, then the UDM informs the
> SOR-AF about successful delivery of the SOR-CMCI to the UE. The UDM
> shall include the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator and the \"ME
> support of SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator, if any.

If the selected PLMN is a VPLMN or a non-subscribed SNPN and:

> \- the UE in manual mode of operation encounters security check
> failure of SOR information in DL NAS TRANSPORT message; and
>
> \- upon switching to automatic network selection mode the UE remembers
> that it is still registered on the PLMN the non-subscribed SNPN where
> the security check failure of SOR information was encountered;

the UE shall wait until it moves to idle mode or 5GMM-CONNECTED mode
with RRC inactive indication (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) before
attempting to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN as specified in
clause 4.4.3.3, by acting as if timer T that controls periodic attempts
has expired, with an exception that the current registered PLMN is
considered as lowest priority, or before attempting to obtained service
on a higher priority SNPN as specified in clause 4.9.3, with an
exception that the current registered SNPN is considered as lowest
priority. If the selected PLMN is a VPLMN or the selected SNPN is a
non-subscribed SNPN and the UE has an established emergency PDU session
then the UE shall attempt to perform the PLMN selection after the
emergency PDU session is released and after the UE enters idle mode or
5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).

NOTE 6: The receipt of the steering of roaming information by itself
does not trigger the release of the emergency PDU session.

##### 6.3.2.1.3 Test description {#test-description-69 .H6}

##### 6.3.2.1.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-69 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-51 .H6}

\- Two inter-frequency multi-PLMN NR Cells as specified in TS 38.508-1
\[4\] Table 4.4.2-1 are configured broadcasting PLMNs as indicated in
Table 6.3.2.1.3.1-1.

\- The PLMNs are identified in the test by the identifiers in Table
6.3.2.1.3.1-1. The MCC and MNC values of PLMN identifiers are specified
in TS 36.523-1 \[13\], Table 6.0.1-1.

Table 6.3.2.1.3.1-1: PLMN identifiers

  **NR Cell**   **PLMN names**
  ------------- ----------------
                
  NR Cell 11    PLMN2
  NR Cell 12    PLMN13

\- NR Cell 11 is set to \"Serving Cell\";

\- NR Cell 12 is set to \"Serving Cell\";

\- System Information Combination NR-4 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-65 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic PLMN selection mode.

\- USIM configuration as defined in Table 6.4.1-21 of TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
will be used.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-68 .H6}

> \- The UE is switched on and brought to state 3N-A, RRC\_CONNECTED
> Connectivity (NR), in accordance with the procedure described in TS
> 38.508-1 \[4\], clause 4.5.4 need to be performed on NR Cell 12.

##### 6.3.2.1.4 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-69 .H6}

Table 6.3.2.1.4-1A/1B illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the NR cells at various time
instants of the test execution. The configuration \"T0\" indicates the
initial conditions.

Table 6.3.2.1.4-1A: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+--------+---------------+----------+----------------+----------------+------------+
|        | **Parameter** | **Unit** | **NR Cell 11** | **NR Cell 12** | **Remark** |
+========+===============+==========+================+================+============+
| **T0** | SS/PBCH       | dBm/SCS  | -88            | -88            |            |
|        |               |          |                |                |            |
|        | SSS EPRE      |          |                |                |            |
+--------+---------------+----------+----------------+----------------+------------+

Table 6.3.2.1.4-1B: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+--------+---------------+----------+----------------+----------------+------------+
|        | **Parameter** | **Unit** | **NR Cell 11** | **NR Cell 12** | **Remark** |
+========+===============+==========+================+================+============+
| **T0** | SS/PBCH       | dBm/SCS  | -82            | -82            |            |
|        |               |          |                |                |            |
|        | SSS EPRE      |          |                |                |            |
+--------+---------------+----------+----------------+----------------+------------+

**Table 6.3.2.1.4-1: Main behaviour**

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| **St**    | **Pr      | **Message | **TP**    | **        |    |
|           | ocedure** | S         |           | Verdict** |    |
|           |           | equence** |           |           |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+====+
|           |           | **U - S** | **        |           |    |
|           |           |           | Message** |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 1-21a1    | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 22        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-        | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *DLIn     |           |    |
|           | an        |           | formation |           |    |
|           | DLI       |           | Transfer* |           |    |
|           | nformatio |           |           |           |    |
|           | nTransfer |           | 5GMM: DL  |           |    |
|           | message   |           | NAS       |           |    |
|           | c         |           | TRANSPORT |           |    |
|           | ontaining |           |           |           |    |
|           | steering  |           |           |           |    |
|           | of        |           |           |           |    |
|           | roaming   |           |           |           |    |
|           | in        |           |           |           |    |
|           | formation |           |           |           |    |
|           | i         |           |           |           |    |
|           | ndicating |           |           |           |    |
|           | list of   |           |           |           |    |
|           | preferred |           |           |           |    |
|           | PL        |           |           |           |    |
|           | MN/access |           |           |           |    |
|           | t         |           |           |           |    |
|           | echnology |           |           |           |    |
|           | co        |           |           |           |    |
|           | mbination |           |           |           |    |
|           | provided  |           |           |           |    |
|           | with      |           |           |           |    |
|           | ackno     |           |           |           |    |
|           | wledgment |           |           |           |    |
|           | requested |           |           |           |    |
|           | from the  |           |           |           |    |
|           | UE for    |           |           |           |    |
|           | s         |           |           |           |    |
|           | uccessful |           |           |           |    |
|           | reception |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 23        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | starts    |           |           |           |    |
|           | timer     |           |           |           |    |
|           | with      |           |           |           |    |
|           | Tsor-cm   |           |           |           |    |
|           | timer     |           |           |           |    |
|           | value =   |           |           |           |    |
|           | 60s       |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 24        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | starts    |           |           |           |    |
|           | timer of  |           |           |           |    |
|           | tmax =(6  |           |           |           |    |
|           | minutes + |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | selection |           |           |           |    |
|           | time)     |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 1,  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 2 and 3)  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 25        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | ULI       |           |    |
|           | UE        |           | nformatio |           |    |
|           | transmit  |           | nTransfer |           |    |
|           | an        |           |           |           |    |
|           | ULI       |           | *5GMM:UL  |           |    |
|           | nformatio |           | NAS       |           |    |
|           | nTransfer |           | T         |           |    |
|           | message   |           | RANSPORT* |           |    |
|           | carrying  |           |           |           |    |
|           | acknow    |           |           |           |    |
|           | ledgement |           |           |           |    |
|           | of        |           |           |           |    |
|           | s         |           |           |           |    |
|           | uccessful |           |           |           |    |
|           | reception |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | steering  |           |           |           |    |
|           | of        |           |           |           |    |
|           | roaming   |           |           |           |    |
|           | inf       |           |           |           |    |
|           | ormation? |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 26        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | ULI       |           |    |
|           | UE        |           | nformatio |           |    |
|           | transmit  |           | nTransfer |           |    |
|           | a         |           |           |           |    |
|           | DEREG     |           | 5GMM:     |           |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           | DEREG     |           |    |
|           | REQUEST   |           | ISTRATION |           |    |
|           | after     |           | REQUEST   |           |    |
|           | Tsor-cm   |           |           |           |    |
|           | timer     |           |           |           |    |
|           | expires?  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 27        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-        | \- |
|           | transmits |           | DLI       |           |    |
|           | a         |           | nformatio |           |    |
|           | DEREG     |           | nTransfer |           |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |           |    |
|           | ACCEPT    |           | 5GMM:     |           |    |
|           | message.  |           | DEREG     |           |    |
|           |           |           | ISTRATION |           |    |
|           |           |           | ACCEPT    |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 27A       | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | releases  |           |           |           |    |
|           | the RRC   |           |           |           |    |
|           | c         |           |           |           |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell 12.  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 28        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | RRCSet    |           |    |
|           | UE        |           | upRequest |           |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |           |    |
|           | an        |           |           |           |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |           |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 11   |           |           |           |    |
|           | before    |           |           |           |    |
|           | tmax      |           |           |           |    |
|           | expires?  |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 1,  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 2 and 3)  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 29-30     | Steps 3-4 | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | of Table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |           |    |
|           | p         |           |           |           |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 31        | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
| a1-31b3a1 |           |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 32-47a1   | Steps 5   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |           |    |
|           | of Table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 11.  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| Timer     |           |           |           |           |    |
| tmax in   |           |           |           |           |    |
| steps 24  |           |           |           |           |    |
| and 28    |           |           |           |           |    |
| are       |           |           |           |           |    |
| derived   |           |           |           |           |    |
| from the  |           |           |           |           |    |
| high      |           |           |           |           |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |           |    |
| PLMN      |           |           |           |           |    |
| search    |           |           |           |           |    |
| timer T   |           |           |           |           |    |
| defined   |           |           |           |           |    |
| by        |           |           |           |           |    |
| E         |           |           |           |           |    |
| F~HPPLMN~ |           |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| Following |           |           |           |           |    |
| attempts  |           |           |           |           |    |
| to access |           |           |           |           |    |
| the       |           |           |           |           |    |
| H         |           |           |           |           |    |
| PLMN/EHPL |           |           |           |           |    |
| MN/higher |           |           |           |           |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |           |    |
| PLMN in   |           |           |           |           |    |
| VPLMN is  |           |           |           |           |    |
| operator  |           |           |           |           |    |
| specific  |           |           |           |           |    |
| setting   |           |           |           |           |    |
| (Refer to |           |           |           |           |    |
| TS 23.122 |           |           |           |           |    |
| Rel-12).  |           |           |           |           |    |
| Hence,    |           |           |           |           |    |
| window    |           |           |           |           |    |
| between   |           |           |           |           |    |
| 120s to   |           |           |           |           |    |
| T+        |           |           |           |           |    |
| Tolerance |           |           |           |           |    |
| is being  |           |           |           |           |    |
| used,     |           |           |           |           |    |
| where the |           |           |           |           |    |
| high      |           |           |           |           |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |           |    |
| PLMN      |           |           |           |           |    |
| search    |           |           |           |           |    |
| timer T   |           |           |           |           |    |
| defined   |           |           |           |           |    |
| by        |           |           |           |           |    |
| E         |           |           |           |           |    |
| F~HPPLMN~ |           |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
| Note 3:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| Tolerance |           |           |           |           |    |
| of 2min   |           |           |           |           |    |
| is added  |           |           |           |           |    |
| to allow  |           |           |           |           |    |
| time for  |           |           |           |           |    |
| the UE to |           |           |           |           |    |
| find the  |           |           |           |           |    |
| proper    |           |           |           |           |    |
| PLMN      |           |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+

6.3.2.1.5 Specific message contents

**Table 6.3.2.1.5-1: *DL NAS TRANSPORT Message for NR Cell 12* (step 22,
Table 6.3.2.1.4-1)**

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-11 with condition 5GS\_SOR\_CMCI.                                                                                                                                
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------
  **Information Element**                                                            **Value/remark**        **Comment**                                                                                          **Condition**
  Payload container                                                                  Present                 The SOR transparent container in the payload container IE carries steering of roaming information.   
  SOR transparent container                                                          Present                 The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.                               
  SOR header                                                                                                 1 octet                                                                                              
  Additional parameters (AP) value                                                   1                       Additional parameters included                                                                       
  Length of PLMN ID and access technology list                                       '05'O                                                                                                                        
  PLMN ID and access technology list                                                                                                                                                                              
  PLMN ID 1                                                                          PLMN2                                                                                                                        
  access technology identifier 1                                                     NG-RAN                                                                                                                       
  SOR-CMCI                                                                           Present                                                                                                                      
  Length of SOR-CMCI contents                                                                                Length value of SOR-CMCI rule1                                                                       
  SOR-CMCI rule 1                                                                                                                                                                                                 
  Length of SOR-CMCI rule contents                                                                           Length value of SOR-CMCI rule contents                                                               
  Tsor-cm timer value                                                                '00100001'B             60s                                                                                                  
  Criterion type                                                                     '00000001'B             DNN                                                                                                  
  Criterion value                                                                    pc\_APN\_ID\_Internet                                                                                                        

**Table 6.3.2.1.5-2: *UL NAS TRANSPORT Message for NR Cell 12* (step 25,
Table 6.3.2.1.4-1)**

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-10 with condition 5GS\_SOR\_CMCI.                                                                                                                           
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------
  **Information Element**                                                            **Value/remark**   **Comment**                                                                                          **Condition**
  Payload container                                                                  Present            The SOR transparent container in the payload container IE carries steering of roaming information.   
  SOR transparent container                                                          Present            The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.                               
  SOR header                                                                                            1 octet                                                                                              
  ME support of SOR-CMCI indicator (MSSI) value                                      1                  SOR-CMCI supported by the ME                                                                         

Table 6.3.2.1.5-3: DEREGISTRATION REQUEST for NR Cell 12 (Step 26, Table
6.3.2.1.4-1)

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.7.1-12 with condition NORMAL.
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

#### 6.3.2.2 Steering of UE in roaming after registration / SOR-CMCI rule / MMTEL voice call / DL NAS transport

##### 6.3.2.2.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-71 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-135 .H6}

**with** { UE being in automatic PLMN selection mode and UE has
registered onto a VPLMN with an established IMS PDU session }

ensure that {

**when** { UE initiates MMTEL call in 5GS and completes it successfully,
and, UE receives SOR Transparent container included in DL NAS TRANSPORT
message contains steering of roaming information with the SOR-CMCI field
which indicates Tsor-cm timer and Criterion type with setting as MMTEL
voice call }

**then** { UE sends an SOR transparent container with ACK in UL NAS
TRANSPORT message **and** UE sends DEREGISTRATION REQUEST message after
Tsor-cm timer expires **and** selects higher priority PLMN after
DEREGISTRATION procedure is completed successfully }

}

##### 6.3.2.2.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-71 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 23.122, clause C.4.1, C.4.2, and C.4.3. Unless
otherwise stated these are Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.4.1\]

The HPLMN or subscribed SNPN, based on operator policy, may provide the
UE with SOR-CMCI to control the timing when the UE enters idle mode and
performs higher priority PLMN/access technology or SNPN selection. This
is achieved by the HPLMN indicating to the UE the criteria for releasing
specific PDU session(s) or services and entering idle mode.

NOTE 1: The released PDU sessions may be re-established by the
application once the UE successfully registers on a higher priority PLMN
or SNPN. User interaction is required for some applications.

The HPLMN or subscribed SNPN may configure the SOR-CMCI in the UE, and
may also provide the SOR-CMCI to the UE over N1 NAS signalling. The
SOR-CMCI received over N1 NAS signalling takes precedence over the
SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the ME or stored in the
USIM.

NOTE 2: The SOR-CMCI received over N1 NAS signalling in the SOR
information is either the SOR-CMCI in the USAT REFRESH with command
qualifier of type \"Steering of Roaming\" (see 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\])
which is received in a secured packet, or the SOR-CMCI received in plain
text.

If the UE receives SOR information containing the list of preferred
PLMN/access technology combinations or SOR-SNPN-SI without SOR-CMCI, or
the ME receives USAT REFRESH with command qualifier (see
3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]) of type \"Steering of Roaming\" without SOR-CMCI,
or the security check of the received steering of roaming information is
not successful as described in clause C.2, clause C.3 and clause C.4.3,
then:

> 1\) if the UE has SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the
> ME, the UE shall use the SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of
> the ME; and
>
> 2\) if the UE has no SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the
> ME, the UE shall use the SOR-CMCI stored in the USIM, if any.

The UE shall delete the stored SOR-CMCI, if any, in the non-volatile
memory of the ME and store the received SOR-CMCI in the non-volatile
memory of the ME when:

> 1\) the ME receives SOR-CMCI in the USAT REFRESH with command
> qualifier (see 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]) of type \"Steering of Roaming\";
> or
>
> 2\) the UE receives the steering of roaming information containing the
> SOR-CMCI over N1 NAS signalling and the UE receives the \"Store
> SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator set to \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\";

The SOR-CMCI shall be stored in the non-volatile memory of the ME
together with the SUPI from the USIM. The ME shall not delete the
SOR-CMCI when the UE is switched off. The ME shall delete the SOR-CMCI
when a new USIM is inserted.

SOR-CMCI consists of SOR-CMCI rules. Each SOR-CMCI rule consists of the
following parameters:

> i\) a criterion of one of the following types:
>
> \- PDU session attribute type criterion;
>
> \- service type criterion;
>
> \- SOR security check criterion; or
>
> \- match all type criterion; and
>
> ii\) a value for Tsor-cm timer associated with each criterion
> presented in i) indicating the time the UE shall wait before releasing
> the PDU sessions or the services and entering idle mode.

SOR-CMCI contains zero, one or more SOR-CMCI rules with PDU session
attribute type criterion, zero, one or more SOR-CMCI rules with service
type criterion, and zero or one SOR-CMCI rule with match all type
criterion.

PDU session attribute type criterion consists of one of the following:

> a\) DNN of the PDU session;
>
> b\) S-NSSAI STT of the PDU session; or
>
> c\) S-NSSAI SST and SD of the PDU session.

Service type criterion consists of one of the following:

> a\) IMS registration related signalling;
>
> b\) MMTEL voice call;
>
> c\) MMTEL video call; or
>
> d\) SMS over NAS or SMSoIP.

SOR security check criterion consists of:

> a\) SOR security check not successful.

Match all type criterion consists of:

> a\) match all.

When the SOR-CMCI received by the UE over N1 NAS signalling contains no
SOR-CMCI rules, the UE shall stop all running Tsor-cm timers, if any,
and act as if no SOR-CMCI is configured. Additionally:

> \- if the SOR-CMCI is received in plain text and it also contains the
> \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, the UE shall delete the stored
> SOR-CMCI in the non-volatile memory of the ME, if any; and
>
> \- if the SOR-CMCI is received in a secured packet, and the USIM
> provides the ME with the SOR-CMCI in the USAT REFRESH with command
> qualifier of type \"Steering of Roaming\" (see 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]),
> then the UE shall delete the stored SOR-CMCI in the non-volatile
> memory of the ME, if any.

The HPLMN may update the SOR-CMCI in the USIM such that it contains no
SOR-CMCI rules, in which case the UE behaviour described in clause C.4.2
applies. Also the HPLMN may make the SOR-CMCI file in the USIM
unavailable (see 3GPP TS 31.102 \[40\]).

If there are more than one criterion applicable for a PDU session (e.g.,
a criterion for the PDU session and another one for the service) then
the Tsor-cm timer with the highest value shall apply.

If there are more than one criterion applicable to different ongoing PDU
sessions or services leading to multiple applicable Tsor-cm timers, then
all the applicable Tsor-cm timers shall be started. Further handling of
such cases is described in clause C.4.2.

If the value for Tsor-cm timer equals \"infinity\" then the UE shall
wait until the PDU session is released or the service is stopped.

The Tsor-cm timer is applicable only if the UE is in automatic network
selection mode.

Upon switching to the manual network selection mode, the UE shall stop
any Tsor-cm timer, if running. In this case, the UE is not required to
enter idle mode and perform the de-registration procedure.

The UE shall consider the following services as exempted from being
forced to release the related established PDU session, if any, enter
idle mode and perform high priority PLMN/access technology or SNPN
selection. These services are known to the UE by default and the UE
shall not follow the SOR-CMCI criteria even if configured to interrupt
such services:

> i\) emergency services.

The UE configured with high priority access in the selected PLMN or SNPN
shall consider all services and all related established PDU sessions, if
any, to be exempted from being forced to be released to enter idle mode
and perform high priority PLMN/access technology or SNPN selection.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.4.2\]

During SOR procedure and while applying SOR-CMCI, the UE shall determine
the time to release the PDU session(s) or the services as follows:

> \- If the UE encounters SOR security check not successful on the
> received steering of roaming information, and a matching criterion
> \"SOR security check not successful\" is included in the SOR-CMCI
> stored in the non-volatile memory of the ME, then the UE shall:
>
> \- if the timer value is not zero, start an associated Tsor-cm timer
> with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> \- stop all other running Tsor-cm timers, if any; and
>
> \- not start any new Tsor-cm timer while Tsor-cm timer associated with
> \"SOR security check not successful\" criterion is running;
>
> \- If one or more SOR-CMCI rules are included in SOR-CMCI, where for
> each criterion:
>
> a\) DNN of the PDU session:
>
> the UE shall check whether it has a PDU session with a DNN matching to
> the DNN included in SOR-CMCI, and if any, the UE shall, if the timer
> value is not zero, start an associated Tsor-cm timer with the value
> included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> b\) S-NSSAI SST of the PDU session:
>
> the UE shall check whether it has a PDU session with a S-NSSAI SST
> matching the S-NSSAI SST included in SOR-CMCI, and if any, the UE
> shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an associated Tsor-cm
> timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> b1) S-NSSAI SST and SD of the PDU session:
>
> the UE shall check whether it has a PDU session with a S-NSSAI SST and
> SD matching the S-NSSAI SST and SD included in SOR-CMCI, and if any,
> the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an associated
> Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> c\) IMS registration related signalling:
>
> the UE shall check whether IMS registration related signalling is
> ongoing, and if it is ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not
> zero, start an associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the
> SOR-CMCI;
>
> d\) MMTEL voice call:
>
> the UE shall check whether MMTEL voice call is ongoing, and if it is
> ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an
> associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> e\) MMTEL video call:
>
> the UE shall check whether MMTEL video call is ongoing, and if it is
> ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an
> associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> f\) SMS over NAS or SMSoIP:
>
> the UE shall check whether SMS over NAS or SMSoIP services is ongoing,
> and if it is ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero,
> start an associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the
> SOR-CMCI; or
>
> g\) match all:
>
> the UE shall check whether there are any PDU sessions or services for
> which there is no matching criterion in a) to f) above. If such PDU
> session or service exists, then for each of these PDU sessions or
> services, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an
> associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI.

If the SOR-CMCI is available, and:

> \- the SOR-CMCI used is in the USIM, contains no SOR-CMCI rule;
>
> \- there are one or more SOR-CMCI rules but there is no criterion
> matched with any ongoing PDU session or service; or
>
> \- there are one or more SOR-CMCI rules and there is one or more
> criteria matched with an ongoing PDU session or service, but the
> highest Tsor-cm timer value associated with the matched criteria is
> equal to zero;

then there is no Tsor-cm timer started for any PDU session or service.

While one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, the UE shall check the
newly established PDU session or service for a matching criterion in the
SOR-CMCI:

> \- If a matching criterion is found and the applicable Tsor-cm timer
> indicated the value \"infinity\" then the UE shall start the Tsor-cm
> timer associated to the newly established PDU session or service with
> the value set to infinity; or
>
> \- For all other cases, if a matching criterion is found and the timer
> value is not zero then the UE shall start the Tsor-cm timer associated
> to the newly established PDU session or service with the value
> included in the SOR-CMCI, with the exception that if the value of the
> Tsor-cm timer included in the SOR-CMCI exceeds the highest value among
> the current values of all running Tsor-cm timers, then the value of
> the Tsor-cm timer for the newly established PDU session or service
> shall be set to the highest value among the current values of all
> running Tsor-cm timers.

NOTE 1: For newly established PDU session or service as described above,
the timer is set irrespective of whether other ongoing PDU sessions or
services that match the same criteria exist and for which corresponding
Tsor-cm timers are running.

NOTE 2: NAS 5GMM layer will receive an explicit indication from the
upper layers that a service is started or stopped. When a service is
started, it is handled as a new service in the procedures described in
this clause.

NOTE 3: While one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, the UE can trigger
any 5GSM procedure or start new services.

While one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, upon receiving a new
SOR-CMCI as described in annex C.4.3, the UE shall check if there is a
matching criterion found for any ongoing PDU session or service in the
new SOR-CMCI:

> \- if a matching criterion is found and the value of Tsor-cm timer in
> the new SOR-CMCI indicates the value \"infinity\", then:
>
> a\) if the Tsor-cm timer associated to the PDU session or service is
> not running, then the UE shall start the Tsor-cm timer associated to
> the PDU session or service with the value set to infinity; or
>
> b\) if the Tsor-cm timer associated to the PDU session or service is
> already running, then the UE shall set the value of the Tsor-cm timer
> associated to the PDU session or service to infinity without stopping
> and restarting the timer;
>
> \- if a matching criterion is found and the value of Tsor-cm timer in
> the new SOR-CMCI is other than infinity and is smaller than the
> current value of the running Tsor-cm timer for the associated PDU
> session or service, then the Tsor-cm timer value for the associated
> PDU session or service shall be replaced with the value in the new
> SOR-CMCI without stopping and restarting the timer; or
>
> \- for all other cases, the running Tsor-cm timers for the associated
> PDU sessions or services are kept unchanged.

The Tsor-cm timer shall be stopped when the associated PDU session is
released or the associated service is stopped.

If the security check on the received steering of roaming information is
successful, the UE shall stop the Tsor-cm timer associated with \"SOR
security check not successful\", if running, and act on the received
steering of roaming information. The current PLMN or SNPN is not
considered as lowest priority.

NOTE 4: This also applies to the case when the current PLMN or SNPN is
different from the PLMN or SNPN in which the Tsor-cm timer associated
with \"SOR security check not successful\" was started.

If the UE, while one or more Tsor-cm timers are running:

> a\) enters idle mode not due to lower layer failure (see
> 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]);
>
> b\) is not able to successfully recover the N1 NAS signalling
> connection (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]); or
>
> c\) enters 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
> 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]);

then the UE shall stop the timer(s). In these cases, if:

> a\) the UE has a list of available and allowable PLMNs or SNPNs in the
> area and based on this list or any other implementation specific
> means, the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN or SNPN
> than the selected VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN; or
>
> b\) the UE does not have a list of available and allowable PLMNs or
> SNPNs in the area and is unable to determine whether there is a higher
> priority PLMN or SNPN than the selected VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN
> using any other implementation specific means;

then the UE shall attempt to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN or
SNPN as specified in clause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T that
controls periodic attempts has expired or as specified in clause 4.9.3.

NOTE 5: When the UE enters idle mode due to lower layer failure while
one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, then the UE does not stop
Tsor-cm timer(s) as recovery of NAS signalling connection is possible
(see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).

When the UE determines that no Tsor-cm timer is started for any PDU
session or service, the last running Tsor-cm timer is stopped due to
release of the associated PDU sessions or stop of the associated
services, or the last running Tsor-cm timer expires, if:

> i\) the UE has a list of available and allowable PLMNs or SNPNs in the
> area and based on this list or any other implementation specific
> means, the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN or SNPN
> than the selected VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN; or
>
> ii\) the UE does not have a list of available and allowable PLMNs or
> SNPNs in the area and is unable to determine whether there is a higher
> priority PLMN or SNPN than the selected VPLMN or non-subscribed
> SNPNusing any other implementation specific means;

then if the UE is in 5GMM-CONNECTED mode, the UE shall perform the
deregistration procedure (see clause 4.2.2.3 of 3GPP TS 23.502 \[63\])
that releases all the established PDU sessions and services, if any, and
once the UE enters idle mode it shall attempt to obtain service on a
higher priority PLMN or SNPN as specified in clause 4.4.3.3 by acting as
if timer T that controls periodic attempts has expired or as specified
in clause 4.9.3.

NOTE 6: The list of available and allowable PLMNs or SNPNs in the area
is implementation specific.

The UE which has an emergency PDU session, receives a request from the
upper layers to establish an emergency PDU session or perform emergency
services fallback, registers for emergency services, or is configured
for high priority access in the selected PLMN or SNPN is not required to
enter idle mode if the last running Tsor-cm timer for any PDU session or
service stops or expires. In this case, the UE shall attempt to perform
the PLMN or SNPN selection after the emergency PDU session or the high
priority service is released and after the UE enters idle mode or
5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).

If the UE selects a cell of any access technology other than NG-RAN, the
ongoing SOR procedure is terminated and the UE shall stop applying
SOR-CMCI and stop all running Tsor-cm timers without triggering any
further actions.

NOTE 7: If the UE is served by any access technology other than NG-RAN,
the HPLMN can initiate a steering of roaming procedure as specified in
clause 4.4.6.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.4.3\]

The stage-2 flow for providing UE with SOR-CMCI in HPLMN, VPLMN,
subscribed SNPN or non-subscribed SNPN after registration is indicated
in figure C.4.3.1, when the ME supports the SOR-CMCI. The selected PLMN
or SNPN can be the HPLMN, a VPLMN, the subscribed SNPN or a
non-subscribed SNPN. The AMF is located in the selected PLMN or SNPN.
The UDM is located in the HPLMN or the subscribed SNPN.

In this procedure, the SOR-CMCI is sent without the list of preferred
PLMN/access technology combinations and the SOR-SNPN-SI. In this
procedure, the SOR-CMCI is sent in plain text or is sent within the
secured packet.

NOTE 1: The SOR-AF can determine that the ME supports the SOR-CMCI if
the Nsoraf\_SoR\_Info service operation has returned the \"ME support of
SOR-CMCI\" indicator. The UDM can determine that the ME supports the
SOR-CMCI if the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator is stored for the
UE. How the SOR-AF determines that the USIM for the indicated SUPI
supports SOR-CMCI is implementation specific.

NOTE 2: The secured packet provided by the SOR-AF can include SOR-CMCI
only if the SOR-AF has determined that the ME supports the SOR-CMCI and
the USIM of the indicated SUPI supports SOR-CMCI. Otherwise if only the
\"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator is stored for the UE, then
SOR-CMCI, if any, cannot be included in the secured packet.

The procedure is triggered:

> \- If the UDM supports obtaining the parameters of the list of
> preferred PLMN/access technology combinations, the SOR-SNPN-SI, the
> SOR-CMCI, and the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if any, or a
> secured packet from the SOR-AF, the HPLMN or subscribed SNPN policy
> for the SOR-AF invocation is present in the UDM and the SOR-AF
> provides the UDM with the SOR-CMCI for a UE identified by SUPI; or
>
> \- When the SOR-CMCI becomes available in the UDM (i.e., retrieved
> from the UDR).

Figure C.4.3.1: Procedure for configuring UE with SOR-CMCI after
registration

For the steps below, security protection is described in
3GPP TS 33.501 \[24\].

> 1\) The SOR-AF to the UDM: Nudm\_ParameterProvision\_Update request is
> sent to the UDM to trigger the update of the UE with the SOR-CMCI (in
> plain text or secured packet). In case of providing SOR-CMCI in plain
> text, include the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if applicable.
> In case of providing SOR-CMCI in a secured packet, include an
> indication that \"the list of preferred PLMN/access technology
> combinations is not included in the secured packet\".
>
> 2\) The UDM to the AMF: The UDM notifies the changes of the user
> profile to the affected AMF by the means of invoking
> Nudm\_SDM\_Notification service operation. The Nudm\_SDM\_Notification
> service operation contains the steering of roaming information that
> needs to be delivered transparently to the UE over NAS within the
> Access and Mobility Subscription data. If the HPLMN or subscribed SNPN
> decided that the UE is to acknowledge successful security check of the
> received steering of roaming information, the Nudm\_SDM\_Notification
> service operation also contains an indication that the UDM requests an
> acknowledgement from the UE as part of the steering of roaming
> information. The UDM:
>
> \- upon receiving the SOR-CMCI (in plain text), shall:
>
> i\) if the UE is registered in the HPLMN or a VPLMN, include the
> SOR-CMCI, the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if any, and the
> HPLMN indication that \'no change of the \"Operator Controlled PLMN
> Selector with Access Technology\" list stored in the UE is needed and
> thus no list of preferred PLMN/access technology combinations is
> provided\';
>
> ii\) if the UE is registered in a non-subscribed SNPN, include the
> SOR-CMCI, the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if any, and the
> HPLMN or subscribed SNPN indication that \'no change of the
> SOR-SNPN-SI stored in the UE is needed and thus no SOR-SNPN-SI is
> provided\'; and
>
> iii\) if the UE is registered in a subscribed SNPN and the AMF has
> reported to the UDM that the UE supports SOR-SNPN-SI, include the
> SOR-CMCI, the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if any, and the
> HPLMN or subscribed SNPN indication that \'no change of the
> SOR-SNPN-SI stored in the UE is needed and thus no SOR-SNPN-SI is
> provided\'; or
>
> \- upon receiving the SOR-CMCI in secured packet, shall include the
> secured packet into the steering of roaming information;

NOTE 3: The UDM considers \"the list of preferred PLMN/access technology
combinations is not included in the secured packet\" received together
with the secured packet from the SOR-AF to indicate that the UE is not
expected to perform SOR based on the associated steering of roaming
information sent to the UE. However, the SOR-CMCI included in the
secured packet can be applied by the UE if the UE has one or more
Tsor-cm timers running as described in C.4.2.

NOTE 4: The UDM cannot provide the SOR-CMCI, if any, to the AMF which
does not support receiving SoR transparent container (see
3GPP TS 29.503 \[78\]).

> 3\) The AMF to the UE: the AMF sends a DL NAS TRANSPORT message to the
> served UE. The AMF includes in the DL NAS TRANSPORT message the
> steering of roaming information received from the UDM.
>
> 4\) Upon receiving the steering of roaming information containing the
> SOR-CMCI and the HPLMN indication that \'no change of the \"Operator
> Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" list stored in the
> UE is needed and thus no list of preferred PLMN/access technology
> combinations is provided\' or the HPLMN or subscribed SNPN indication
> that \'no change of the SOR-SNPN-SI stored in the UE is needed and
> thus no SOR-SNPN-SI is provided\', or the secured packet, the UE shall
> perform a security check on the steering of roaming information
> included in the DL NAS TRANSPORT message to verify that the steering
> of roaming information is provided by HPLMN or subscribed SNPN, and:
>
> a\) if the security check is successful, the UE shall store the
> SOR-CMCI according to clause C.4.1. If the UE has one or more Tsor-cm
> timers running, the UE shall apply the received SOR-CMCI as described
> in C.4.2.
>
> If the steering of roaming information contains a secured packet and
> the UDM has requested an acknowledgement from the UE in the DL NAS
> TRANSPORT message, the UE sends an UL NAS TRANSPORT message to the
> serving AMF with an SOR transparent container including the UE
> acknowledgement and the UE shall set the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\"
> indicator to \"supported\" only after the ME receives UICC responses
> indicating that the UICC has received the secured packet successfully.
> Otherwise, if the UDM has requested an acknowledgement from the UE in
> the DL NAS TRANSPORT message, the UE sends an UL NAS TRANSPORT message
> to the serving AMF with an SOR transparent container including the UE
> acknowledgement and the UE shall set the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\"
> indicator to \"supported\". Additionally, if the UE supports access to
> an SNPN using credentials from a credentials holder and the UE is in a
> PLMN, the UE may set the \"ME support of SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator to
> \"supported\".
>
> If the UDM has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE then step
> 5 is skipped; and
>
> b\) if the selected PLMN is a VPLMN or a non-subscribed SNPN, the
> security check is not successful and the UE is in automatic network
> selection mode, then:
>
> \- if the UE has a SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the
> ME, the current PLMN is considered as lowest priority and the UE shall
> apply the actions in clause C.4.2;
>
> \- otherwise, the UE shall wait until it moves to idle mode or
> 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
> 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) before attempting to obtain service on a higher
> priority PLMN as specified in clause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T
> that controls periodic attempts has expired, with an exception that
> the current PLMN is considered as lowest priority, or before
> attempting to obtain service on a higher priority SNPN as specified in
> clause 4.9.3, with an exception that the current registered SNPN is
> considered as lowest priority. If the selected PLMN or SNPN is a VPLMN
> or a non-subscribed SNPN and the UE has an established emergency PDU
> session then the UE shall attempt to perform the PLMN selection after
> the emergency PDU session is released and after the UE enters idle
> mode or 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
> 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).
>
> Step 5 is skipped;

NOTE 5: When the UE is in the manual mode of operation or the current
chosen VPLMN is part of the \"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access
Technology\" list or the current chosen non-subscribed SNPN is part of
the user controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs for the selected
entry of the \"list of subscriber data\" the selected PLMN subscription,
the UE stays on the VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN.

> 5\) The AMF to the UDM: If the UL NAS TRANSPORT message with an SOR
> transparent container is received, the AMF uses the Nudm\_SDM\_Info
> service operation to provide the received SOR transparent container to
> the UDM. If the HPLMN decided that the UE is to acknowledge successful
> security check of the received steering of roaming information in step
> 2, the UDM verifies that the acknowledgement is provided by the UE.
> The UDM shall store the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator and the
> \"ME support of SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator, if any; and
>
> 6\) The UDM to the SOR-AF: Nsoraf\_SoR\_Info (SUPI of the UE,
> successful delivery, \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator, \"ME
> support of SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator, if any). If the HPLMN policy for
> the SOR-AF invocation is present and the HPLMN UDM received and
> verified the UE acknowledgement in step 5, then the UDM informs the
> SOR-AF about successful delivery of the SOR-CMCI to the UE. The UDM
> shall include the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator and the \"ME
> support of SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator, if any.

If the selected PLMN is a VPLMN or a non-subscribed SNPN and:

> \- the UE in manual mode of operation encounters security check
> failure of SOR information in DL NAS TRANSPORT message; and
>
> \- upon switching to automatic network selection mode the UE remembers
> that it is still registered on the PLMN the non-subscribed SNPN where
> the security check failure of SOR information was encountered;

the UE shall wait until it moves to idle mode or 5GMM-CONNECTED mode
with RRC inactive indication (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) before
attempting to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN as specified in
clause 4.4.3.3, by acting as if timer T that controls periodic attempts
has expired, with an exception that the current registered PLMN is
considered as lowest priority, or before attempting to obtained service
on a higher priority SNPN as specified in clause 4.9.3, with an
exception that the current registered SNPN is considered as lowest
priority. If the selected PLMN is a VPLMN or the selected SNPN is a
non-subscribed SNPN and the UE has an established emergency PDU session
then the UE shall attempt to perform the PLMN selection after the
emergency PDU session is released and after the UE enters idle mode or
5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).

NOTE 6: The receipt of the steering of roaming information by itself
does not trigger the release of the emergency PDU session.

##### 6.3.2.2.3 Test description {#test-description-70 .H6}

##### 6.3.2.2.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-70 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-52 .H6}

\- Two inter-frequency multi-PLMN NR Cells as specified in TS 38.508-1
\[4\] Table 4.4.2-1 are configured broadcasting PLMNs as indicated in
Table 6.3.2.2.3.1-1.

\- The PLMNs are identified in the test by the identifiers in Table
6.3.2.2.3.1-1. The MCC and MNC values of PLMN identifiers are specified
in TS 36.523-1 \[13\], Table 6.0.1-1.

Table 6.3.2.2.3.1-1: PLMN identifiers

  **NR Cell**   **PLMN names**
  ------------- ----------------
                
  NR Cell 11    PLMN2
  NR Cell 12    PLMN13

\- NR Cell 11 is set to \"Serving Cell\";

\- NR Cell 12 is set to \"Serving Cell\";

\- System Information Combination NR-4 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-66 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic PLMN selection mode.

\- USIM configuration as defined in Table 6.4.1-21 of TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
will be used.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-69 .H6}

\- The UE is switched on and brought to state 1N-A, RRC\_IDLE, in
accordance with the procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], clause
4.5.2 and IMS PDU session establishment and IMS registration procedure
need to be performed on NR Cell 12.

##### 6.3.2.2.4 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-70 .H6}

**Table 6.3.2.2.4-1: Main behaviour**

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| **St**    | **Pr      | **Message | **TP**    | **        |    |
|           | ocedure** | S         |           | Verdict** |    |
|           |           | equence** |           |           |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+====+
|           |           | **U - S** | **        |           |    |
|           |           |           | Message** |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 1-21a1    | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 22-34     | Steps 1   | \-        | *-*       | \-        | \- |
|           | to 13     |           |           |           |    |
|           | from test |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | for IMS   |           |           |           |    |
|           | MO speech |           |           |           |    |
|           | call      |           |           |           |    |
|           | esta      |           |           |           |    |
|           | blishment |           |           |           |    |
|           | as        |           |           |           |    |
|           | described |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.9       |           |           |           |    |
|           | .15.2.2-1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | are       |           |           |           |    |
|           | p         |           |           |           |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 35        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-        | \- |
|           | transmits |           | DLI       |           |    |
|           | an        |           | nformatio |           |    |
|           | DLI       |           | nTransfer |           |    |
|           | nformatio |           |           |           |    |
|           | nTransfer |           | *5GMM:*   |           |    |
|           | message   |           | *DL NAS   |           |    |
|           | c         |           | T         |           |    |
|           | ontaining |           | RANSPORT* |           |    |
|           | steering  |           |           |           |    |
|           | of        |           |           |           |    |
|           | roaming   |           |           |           |    |
|           | in        |           |           |           |    |
|           | formation |           |           |           |    |
|           | i         |           |           |           |    |
|           | ndicating |           |           |           |    |
|           | list of   |           |           |           |    |
|           | preferred |           |           |           |    |
|           | PL        |           |           |           |    |
|           | MN/access |           |           |           |    |
|           | t         |           |           |           |    |
|           | echnology |           |           |           |    |
|           | co        |           |           |           |    |
|           | mbination |           |           |           |    |
|           | provided  |           |           |           |    |
|           | with      |           |           |           |    |
|           | ackno     |           |           |           |    |
|           | wledgment |           |           |           |    |
|           | requested |           |           |           |    |
|           | from the  |           |           |           |    |
|           | UE for    |           |           |           |    |
|           | s         |           |           |           |    |
|           | uccessful |           |           |           |    |
|           | r         |           |           |           |    |
|           | eception. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 36        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | starts    |           |           |           |    |
|           | timer     |           |           |           |    |
|           | with      |           |           |           |    |
|           | Tsor-cm   |           |           |           |    |
|           | timer     |           |           |           |    |
|           | value =   |           |           |           |    |
|           | 60s.      |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 37        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | starts    |           |           |           |    |
|           | timer of  |           |           |           |    |
|           | tmax =(6  |           |           |           |    |
|           | minutes + |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | selection |           |           |           |    |
|           | time).    |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 1,  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 2 and 3)  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 38        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | ULI       |           |    |
|           | UE        |           | nformatio |           |    |
|           | transmit  |           | nTransfer |           |    |
|           | an        |           |           |           |    |
|           | ULI       |           | 5GMM: UL  |           |    |
|           | nformatio |           | NAS       |           |    |
|           | nTransfer |           | TRANSPORT |           |    |
|           | message   |           |           |           |    |
|           | carrying  |           |           |           |    |
|           | acknow    |           |           |           |    |
|           | ledgement |           |           |           |    |
|           | of        |           |           |           |    |
|           | s         |           |           |           |    |
|           | uccessful |           |           |           |    |
|           | reception |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | steering  |           |           |           |    |
|           | of        |           |           |           |    |
|           | roaming   |           |           |           |    |
|           | inf       |           |           |           |    |
|           | ormation? |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 38A       | Tsor-cm   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | timer     |           |           |           |    |
|           | expires.  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 38B       | SS starts | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | timer     |           |           |           |    |
|           | T1=10s.   |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
|           | NOTE:     |           |           |           |    |
|           | This is   |           |           |           |    |
|           | an        |           |           |           |    |
|           | arbitrary |           |           |           |    |
|           | value to  |           |           |           |    |
|           | wait for  |           |           |           |    |
|           | UE        |           |           |           |    |
|           | initiated |           |           |           |    |
|           | deregi    |           |           |           |    |
|           | stration. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| \-        |           | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 38C       | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |           |    |
|           | Steps     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38Da1 to  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38Dc1     |           |           |           |    |
|           | describe  |           |           |           |    |
|           | optional  |           |           |           |    |
|           | behavior  |           |           |           |    |
|           | that      |           |           |           |    |
|           | depends   |           |           |           |    |
|           | on UE     |           |           |           |    |
|           | implem    |           |           |           |    |
|           | entation. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 38Da1     | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | [1]{.u    | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | ULI       | nderline} |    |
|           | UE        |           | nformatio |           |    |
|           | transmit  |           | nTransfer |           |    |
|           | a         |           |           |           |    |
|           | DEREG     |           | 5GMM:     |           |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           | DEREG     |           |    |
|           | REQUEST?  |           | ISTRATION |           |    |
|           |           |           | REQUEST   |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 38Da2     | SS stops  | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | timer T1. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 38        | Steps 1   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
| Db1-38Db2 | to 2 of   |           |           |           |    |
|           | Generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | for IMS   |           |           |           |    |
|           | MO speech |           |           |           |    |
|           | call      |           |           |           |    |
|           | release   |           |           |           |    |
|           | as        |           |           |           |    |
|           | described |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.9       |           |           |           |    |
|           | .17.2.2-1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | is        |           |           |           |    |
|           | p         |           |           |           |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 38Db3     | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | ULI       |           |    |
|           | UE        |           | nformatio |           |    |
|           | transmit  |           | nTransfer |           |    |
|           | a         |           |           |           |    |
|           | DEREG     |           | 5GMM:     |           |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           | DEREG     |           |    |
|           | REQUEST?  |           | ISTRATION |           |    |
|           |           |           | REQUEST   |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 38Db4     | SS stops  | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | timer T1. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 38Dc1     | Timer T1  | \-        | \-        | 1         | F  |
|           | expires.  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 39        | Void      | \-        |           | \-        | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 40        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-        | \- |
|           | transmits |           | DLI       |           |    |
|           | a         |           | nformatio |           |    |
|           | DEREG     |           | nTransfer |           |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |           |    |
|           | ACCEPT    |           | 5GMM:     |           |    |
|           | message.  |           | DEREG     |           |    |
|           |           |           | ISTRATION |           |    |
|           |           |           | ACCEPT    |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 40A       | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | releases  |           |           |           |    |
|           | the RRC   |           |           |           |    |
|           | c         |           |           |           |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell 12.  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 41        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | RRCSet    |           |    |
|           | UE        |           | upRequest |           |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |           |    |
|           | an        |           |           |           |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |           |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 11   |           |           |           |    |
|           | before    |           |           |           |    |
|           | tmax      |           |           |           |    |
|           | expires?  |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 1,  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 2 and 3)  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 42-43     | Steps 3-4 | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | of Table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |           |    |
|           | p         |           |           |           |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 44        | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 45-60a1   | Steps 5   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |           |    |
|           | of Table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 11.  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| Timer     |           |           |           |           |    |
| tmax in   |           |           |           |           |    |
| step 37   |           |           |           |           |    |
| and 41    |           |           |           |           |    |
| are       |           |           |           |           |    |
| derived   |           |           |           |           |    |
| from the  |           |           |           |           |    |
| high      |           |           |           |           |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |           |    |
| PLMN      |           |           |           |           |    |
| search    |           |           |           |           |    |
| timer T   |           |           |           |           |    |
| defined   |           |           |           |           |    |
| by        |           |           |           |           |    |
| EFHPPLMN  |           |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| Following |           |           |           |           |    |
| attempts  |           |           |           |           |    |
| to access |           |           |           |           |    |
| the       |           |           |           |           |    |
| H         |           |           |           |           |    |
| PLMN/EHPL |           |           |           |           |    |
| MN/higher |           |           |           |           |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |           |    |
| PLMN in   |           |           |           |           |    |
| VPLMN is  |           |           |           |           |    |
| operator  |           |           |           |           |    |
| specific  |           |           |           |           |    |
| setting   |           |           |           |           |    |
| (Refer to |           |           |           |           |    |
| TS 23.122 |           |           |           |           |    |
| Rel-12).  |           |           |           |           |    |
| Hence,    |           |           |           |           |    |
| window    |           |           |           |           |    |
| between   |           |           |           |           |    |
| 120s to   |           |           |           |           |    |
| T+        |           |           |           |           |    |
| Tolerance |           |           |           |           |    |
| is being  |           |           |           |           |    |
| used ,    |           |           |           |           |    |
| where the |           |           |           |           |    |
| high      |           |           |           |           |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |           |    |
| PLMN      |           |           |           |           |    |
| search    |           |           |           |           |    |
| timer T   |           |           |           |           |    |
| defined   |           |           |           |           |    |
| by        |           |           |           |           |    |
| EFHPPLMN  |           |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
| Note 3:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| Tolerance |           |           |           |           |    |
| of 2min   |           |           |           |           |    |
| is added  |           |           |           |           |    |
| to allow  |           |           |           |           |    |
| time for  |           |           |           |           |    |
| the UE to |           |           |           |           |    |
| find the  |           |           |           |           |    |
| proper    |           |           |           |           |    |
| PLMN      |           |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+

6.3.2.2.5 Specific message contents

**Table 6.3.2.2.5-1: *DL NAS TRANSPORT Message ******for NR Cell 12*
(step 35, Table 6.3.2.2.4-1)**

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-11 with condition 5GS\_SOR\_CMCI.                                                                                                                           
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------
  **Information Element**                                                            **Value/remark**   **Comment**                                                                                          **Condition**
  Payload container                                                                  Present            The SOR transparent container in the payload container IE carries steering of roaming information.   
  SOR transparent container                                                          Present            The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.                               
  SOR header                                                                                            1 octet                                                                                              
  Additional parameters (AP) value                                                   1                  Additional parameters included                                                                       
  Length of PLMN ID and access technology list                                       '05'O                                                                                                                   
  PLMN ID and access technology list                                                                                                                                                                         
  PLMN ID 1                                                                          PLMN2                                                                                                                   
  access technology identifier 1                                                     NG-RAN                                                                                                                  
  SOR-CMCI                                                                           Present                                                                                                                 
  Length of SOR-CMCI contents                                                                           Length value of SOR-CMCI rule1                                                                       
  SOR-CMCI rule 1                                                                                                                                                                                            
  Length of SOR-CMCI rule contents                                                                      Length value of SOR-CMCI rule contents                                                               
  Tsor-cm timer value                                                                '00100001'B        60s                                                                                                  
  Criterion type                                                                     '00000101'B        MMTEL voice call                                                                                     
  Criterion value                                                                    Not Present                                                                                                             

**Table 6.3.2.2.5-2: *UL NAS TRANSPORT Message for NR Cell 12* (step 38,
Table 6.3.2.2.4-1)**

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-10 with condition 5GS\_SOR\_CMCI.                                                                                                                           
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------
  **Information Element**                                                            **Value/remark**   **Comment**                                                                                          **Condition**
  Payload container                                                                  Present            The SOR transparent container in the payload container IE carries steering of roaming information.   
  SOR transparent container                                                          Present            The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.                               
  SOR header                                                                                            1 octet                                                                                              
  ME support of SOR-CMCI indicator (MSSI) value                                      1                  SOR-CMCI supported by the ME                                                                         

**Table 6.3.2.2.5-3: DEREGISTRATION REQUEST for NR Cell 12 (Steps 38Ca5
and 38Cb1, Table 6.3.2.2.4-1)**

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.7.1-12 with condition NORMAL.
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

#### 6.3.2.3 Steering of UE in roaming after registration / SOR-CMCI rule / match all / DL NAS transport

##### 6.3.2.3.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-72 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-136 .H6}

**with** { UE being in automatic PLMN selection mode and UE has
registered onto a VPLMN with an established PDU session }

ensure that {

**when** { UE receives SOR Transparent container included in DL NAS
TRANSPORT message contains steering of roaming information with the
SOR-CMCI field which includes Tsor-cm timer and Criterion type with
setting as match all }

**then** { UE sends an SOR transparent container with ACK in UL NAS
TRANSPORT message **and** UE sends DEREGISTRATION REQUEST message after
Tsor-cm timer expires **and** selects higher priority PLMN after
DEREGISTRATION procedure is completed successfully }

}

##### 6.3.2.3.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-72 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 23.122, clause C.4.1, C.4.2, and C.4.3. Unless
otherwise stated these are Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.4.1\]

The HPLMN or subscribed SNPN, based on operator policy, may provide the
UE with SOR-CMCI to control the timing when the UE enters idle mode and
performs higher priority PLMN/access technology or SNPN selection. This
is achieved by the HPLMN indicating to the UE the criteria for releasing
specific PDU session(s) or services and entering idle mode.

NOTE 1: The released PDU sessions may be re-established by the
application once the UE successfully registers on a higher priority PLMN
or SNPN. User interaction is required for some applications.

The HPLMN or subscribed SNPN may configure the SOR-CMCI in the UE, and
may also provide the SOR-CMCI to the UE over N1 NAS signalling. The
SOR-CMCI received over N1 NAS signalling takes precedence over the
SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the ME or stored in the
USIM.

NOTE 2: The SOR-CMCI received over N1 NAS signalling in the SOR
information is either the SOR-CMCI in the USAT REFRESH with command
qualifier of type \"Steering of Roaming\" (see 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\])
which is received in a secured packet, or the SOR-CMCI received in plain
text.

If the UE receives SOR information containing the list of preferred
PLMN/access technology combinations or SOR-SNPN-SI without SOR-CMCI, or
the ME receives USAT REFRESH with command qualifier (see
3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]) of type \"Steering of Roaming\" without SOR-CMCI,
or the security check of the received steering of roaming information is
not successful as described in clause C.2, clause C.3 and clause C.4.3,
then:

> 1\) if the UE has SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the
> ME, the UE shall use the SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of
> the ME; and
>
> 2\) if the UE has no SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the
> ME, the UE shall use the SOR-CMCI stored in the USIM, if any.

The UE shall delete the stored SOR-CMCI, if any, in the non-volatile
memory of the ME and store the received SOR-CMCI in the non-volatile
memory of the ME when:

> 1\) the ME receives SOR-CMCI in the USAT REFRESH with command
> qualifier (see 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]) of type \"Steering of Roaming\";
> or
>
> 2\) the UE receives the steering of roaming information containing the
> SOR-CMCI over N1 NAS signalling and the UE receives the \"Store
> SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator set to \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\";

The SOR-CMCI shall be stored in the non-volatile memory of the ME
together with the SUPI from the USIM. The ME shall not delete the
SOR-CMCI when the UE is switched off. The ME shall delete the SOR-CMCI
when a new USIM is inserted.

SOR-CMCI consists of SOR-CMCI rules. Each SOR-CMCI rule consists of the
following parameters:

> i\) a criterion of one of the following types:
>
> \- PDU session attribute type criterion;
>
> \- service type criterion;
>
> \- SOR security check criterion; or
>
> \- match all type criterion; and
>
> ii\) a value for Tsor-cm timer associated with each criterion
> presented in i) indicating the time the UE shall wait before releasing
> the PDU sessions or the services and entering idle mode.

SOR-CMCI contains zero, one or more SOR-CMCI rules with PDU session
attribute type criterion, zero, one or more SOR-CMCI rules with service
type criterion, and zero or one SOR-CMCI rule with match all type
criterion.

PDU session attribute type criterion consists of one of the following:

> a\) DNN of the PDU session;
>
> b\) S-NSSAI STT of the PDU session; or
>
> c\) S-NSSAI SST and SD of the PDU session.

Service type criterion consists of one of the following:

> a\) IMS registration related signalling;
>
> b\) MMTEL voice call;
>
> c\) MMTEL video call; or
>
> d\) SMS over NAS or SMSoIP.

SOR security check criterion consists of:

> a\) SOR security check not successful.

Match all type criterion consists of:

> a\) match all.

When the SOR-CMCI received by the UE over N1 NAS signalling contains no
SOR-CMCI rules, the UE shall stop all running Tsor-cm timers, if any,
and act as if no SOR-CMCI is configured. Additionally:

> \- if the SOR-CMCI is received in plain text and it also contains the
> \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, the UE shall delete the stored
> SOR-CMCI in the non-volatile memory of the ME, if any; and
>
> \- if the SOR-CMCI is received in a secured packet, and the USIM
> provides the ME with the SOR-CMCI in the USAT REFRESH with command
> qualifier of type \"Steering of Roaming\" (see 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]),
> then the UE shall delete the stored SOR-CMCI in the non-volatile
> memory of the ME, if any.

The HPLMN may update the SOR-CMCI in the USIM such that it contains no
SOR-CMCI rules, in which case the UE behaviour described in clause C.4.2
applies. Also the HPLMN may make the SOR-CMCI file in the USIM
unavailable (see 3GPP TS 31.102 \[40\]).

If there are more than one criterion applicable for a PDU session (e.g.,
a criterion for the PDU session and another one for the service) then
the Tsor-cm timer with the highest value shall apply.

If there are more than one criterion applicable to different ongoing PDU
sessions or services leading to multiple applicable Tsor-cm timers, then
all the applicable Tsor-cm timers shall be started. Further handling of
such cases is described in clause C.4.2.

If the value for Tsor-cm timer equals \"infinity\" then the UE shall
wait until the PDU session is released or the service is stopped.

The Tsor-cm timer is applicable only if the UE is in automatic network
selection mode.

Upon switching to the manual network selection mode, the UE shall stop
any Tsor-cm timer, if running. In this case, the UE is not required to
enter idle mode and perform the de-registration procedure.

The UE shall consider the following services as exempted from being
forced to release the related established PDU session, if any, enter
idle mode and perform high priority PLMN/access technology or SNPN
selection. These services are known to the UE by default and the UE
shall not follow the SOR-CMCI criteria even if configured to interrupt
such services:

> i\) emergency services.

The UE configured with high priority access in the selected PLMN or SNPN
shall consider all services and all related established PDU sessions, if
any, to be exempted from being forced to be released to enter idle mode
and perform high priority PLMN/access technology or SNPN selection.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.4.2\]

During SOR procedure and while applying SOR-CMCI, the UE shall determine
the time to release the PDU session(s) or the services as follows:

> \- If the UE encounters SOR security check not successful on the
> received steering of roaming information, and a matching criterion
> \"SOR security check not successful\" is included in the SOR-CMCI
> stored in the non-volatile memory of the ME, then the UE shall:
>
> \- if the timer value is not zero, start an associated Tsor-cm timer
> with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> \- stop all other running Tsor-cm timers, if any; and
>
> \- not start any new Tsor-cm timer while Tsor-cm timer associated with
> \"SOR security check not successful\" criterion is running;
>
> \- If one or more SOR-CMCI rules are included in SOR-CMCI, where for
> each criterion:
>
> a\) DNN of the PDU session:
>
> the UE shall check whether it has a PDU session with a DNN matching to
> the DNN included in SOR-CMCI, and if any, the UE shall, if the timer
> value is not zero, start an associated Tsor-cm timer with the value
> included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> b\) S-NSSAI SST of the PDU session:
>
> the UE shall check whether it has a PDU session with a S-NSSAI SST
> matching the S-NSSAI SST included in SOR-CMCI, and if any, the UE
> shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an associated Tsor-cm
> timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> b1) S-NSSAI SST and SD of the PDU session:
>
> the UE shall check whether it has a PDU session with a S-NSSAI SST and
> SD matching the S-NSSAI SST and SD included in SOR-CMCI, and if any,
> the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an associated
> Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> c\) IMS registration related signalling:
>
> the UE shall check whether IMS registration related signalling is
> ongoing, and if it is ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not
> zero, start an associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the
> SOR-CMCI;
>
> d\) MMTEL voice call:
>
> the UE shall check whether MMTEL voice call is ongoing, and if it is
> ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an
> associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> e\) MMTEL video call:
>
> the UE shall check whether MMTEL video call is ongoing, and if it is
> ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an
> associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> f\) SMS over NAS or SMSoIP:
>
> the UE shall check whether SMS over NAS or SMSoIP services is ongoing,
> and if it is ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero,
> start an associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the
> SOR-CMCI; or
>
> g\) match all:
>
> the UE shall check whether there are any PDU sessions or services for
> which there is no matching criterion in a) to f) above. If such PDU
> session or service exists, then for each of these PDU sessions or
> services, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an
> associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI.

If the SOR-CMCI is available, and:

> \- the SOR-CMCI used is in the USIM, contains no SOR-CMCI rule;
>
> \- there are one or more SOR-CMCI rules but there is no criterion
> matched with any ongoing PDU session or service; or
>
> \- there are one or more SOR-CMCI rules and there is one or more
> criteria matched with an ongoing PDU session or service, but the
> highest Tsor-cm timer value associated with the matched criteria is
> equal to zero;

then there is no Tsor-cm timer started for any PDU session or service.

While one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, the UE shall check the
newly established PDU session or service for a matching criterion in the
SOR-CMCI:

> \- If a matching criterion is found and the applicable Tsor-cm timer
> indicated the value \"infinity\" then the UE shall start the Tsor-cm
> timer associated to the newly established PDU session or service with
> the value set to infinity; or
>
> \- For all other cases, if a matching criterion is found and the timer
> value is not zero then the UE shall start the Tsor-cm timer associated
> to the newly established PDU session or service with the value
> included in the SOR-CMCI, with the exception that if the value of the
> Tsor-cm timer included in the SOR-CMCI exceeds the highest value among
> the current values of all running Tsor-cm timers, then the value of
> the Tsor-cm timer for the newly established PDU session or service
> shall be set to the highest value among the current values of all
> running Tsor-cm timers.

NOTE 1: For newly established PDU session or service as described above,
the timer is set irrespective of whether other ongoing PDU sessions or
services that match the same criteria exist and for which corresponding
Tsor-cm timers are running.

NOTE 2: NAS 5GMM layer will receive an explicit indication from the
upper layers that a service is started or stopped. When a service is
started, it is handled as a new service in the procedures described in
this clause.

NOTE 3: While one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, the UE can trigger
any 5GSM procedure or start new services.

While one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, upon receiving a new
SOR-CMCI as described in annex C.4.3, the UE shall check if there is a
matching criterion found for any ongoing PDU session or service in the
new SOR-CMCI:

> \- if a matching criterion is found and the value of Tsor-cm timer in
> the new SOR-CMCI indicates the value \"infinity\", then:
>
> a\) if the Tsor-cm timer associated to the PDU session or service is
> not running, then the UE shall start the Tsor-cm timer associated to
> the PDU session or service with the value set to infinity; or
>
> b\) if the Tsor-cm timer associated to the PDU session or service is
> already running, then the UE shall set the value of the Tsor-cm timer
> associated to the PDU session or service to infinity without stopping
> and restarting the timer;
>
> \- if a matching criterion is found and the value of Tsor-cm timer in
> the new SOR-CMCI is other than infinity and is smaller than the
> current value of the running Tsor-cm timer for the associated PDU
> session or service, then the Tsor-cm timer value for the associated
> PDU session or service shall be replaced with the value in the new
> SOR-CMCI without stopping and restarting the timer; or
>
> \- for all other cases, the running Tsor-cm timers for the associated
> PDU sessions or services are kept unchanged.

The Tsor-cm timer shall be stopped when the associated PDU session is
released or the associated service is stopped.

If the security check on the received steering of roaming information is
successful, the UE shall stop the Tsor-cm timer associated with \"SOR
security check not successful\", if running, and act on the received
steering of roaming information. The current PLMN or SNPN is not
considered as lowest priority.

NOTE 4: This also applies to the case when the current PLMN or SNPN is
different from the PLMN or SNPN in which the Tsor-cm timer associated
with \"SOR security check not successful\" was started.

If the UE, while one or more Tsor-cm timers are running:

> a\) enters idle mode not due to lower layer failure (see
> 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]);
>
> b\) is not able to successfully recover the N1 NAS signalling
> connection (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]); or
>
> c\) enters 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
> 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]);

then the UE shall stop the timer(s). In these cases, if:

> a\) the UE has a list of available and allowable PLMNs or SNPNs in the
> area and based on this list or any other implementation specific
> means, the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN or SNPN
> than the selected VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN; or
>
> b\) the UE does not have a list of available and allowable PLMNs or
> SNPNs in the area and is unable to determine whether there is a higher
> priority PLMN or SNPN than the selected VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN
> using any other implementation specific means;

then the UE shall attempt to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN or
SNPN as specified in clause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T that
controls periodic attempts has expired or as specified in clause 4.9.3.

NOTE 5: When the UE enters idle mode due to lower layer failure while
one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, then the UE does not stop
Tsor-cm timer(s) as recovery of NAS signalling connection is possible
(see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).

When the UE determines that no Tsor-cm timer is started for any PDU
session or service, the last running Tsor-cm timer is stopped due to
release of the associated PDU sessions or stop of the associated
services, or the last running Tsor-cm timer expires, if:

> i\) the UE has a list of available and allowable PLMNs or SNPNs in the
> area and based on this list or any other implementation specific
> means, the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN or SNPN
> than the selected VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN; or
>
> ii\) the UE does not have a list of available and allowable PLMNs or
> SNPNs in the area and is unable to determine whether there is a higher
> priority PLMN or SNPN than the selected VPLMN or non-subscribed
> SNPNusing any other implementation specific means;

then if the UE is in 5GMM-CONNECTED mode, the UE shall perform the
deregistration procedure (see clause 4.2.2.3 of 3GPP TS 23.502 \[63\])
that releases all the established PDU sessions and services, if any, and
once the UE enters idle mode it shall attempt to obtain service on a
higher priority PLMN or SNPN as specified in clause 4.4.3.3 by acting as
if timer T that controls periodic attempts has expired or as specified
in clause 4.9.3.

NOTE 6: The list of available and allowable PLMNs or SNPNs in the area
is implementation specific.

The UE which has an emergency PDU session, receives a request from the
upper layers to establish an emergency PDU session or perform emergency
services fallback, registers for emergency services, or is configured
for high priority access in the selected PLMN or SNPN is not required to
enter idle mode if the last running Tsor-cm timer for any PDU session or
service stops or expires. In this case, the UE shall attempt to perform
the PLMN or SNPN selection after the emergency PDU session or the high
priority service is released and after the UE enters idle mode or
5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).

If the UE selects a cell of any access technology other than NG-RAN, the
ongoing SOR procedure is terminated and the UE shall stop applying
SOR-CMCI and stop all running Tsor-cm timers without triggering any
further actions.

NOTE 7: If the UE is served by any access technology other than NG-RAN,
the HPLMN can initiate a steering of roaming procedure as specified in
clause 4.4.6.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.4.3\]

The stage-2 flow for providing UE with SOR-CMCI in HPLMN, VPLMN,
subscribed SNPN or non-subscribed SNPN after registration is indicated
in figure C.4.3.1, when the ME supports the SOR-CMCI. The selected PLMN
or SNPN can be the HPLMN, a VPLMN, the subscribed SNPN or a
non-subscribed SNPN. The AMF is located in the selected PLMN or SNPN.
The UDM is located in the HPLMN or the subscribed SNPN.

In this procedure, the SOR-CMCI is sent without the list of preferred
PLMN/access technology combinations and the SOR-SNPN-SI. In this
procedure, the SOR-CMCI is sent in plain text or is sent within the
secured packet.

NOTE 1: The SOR-AF can determine that the ME supports the SOR-CMCI if
the Nsoraf\_SoR\_Info service operation has returned the \"ME support of
SOR-CMCI\" indicator. The UDM can determine that the ME supports the
SOR-CMCI if the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator is stored for the
UE. How the SOR-AF determines that the USIM for the indicated SUPI
supports SOR-CMCI is implementation specific.

NOTE 2: The secured packet provided by the SOR-AF can include SOR-CMCI
only if the SOR-AF has determined that the ME supports the SOR-CMCI and
the USIM of the indicated SUPI supports SOR-CMCI. Otherwise if only the
\"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator is stored for the UE, then
SOR-CMCI, if any, cannot be included in the secured packet.

The procedure is triggered:

> \- If the UDM supports obtaining the parameters of the list of
> preferred PLMN/access technology combinations, the SOR-SNPN-SI, the
> SOR-CMCI, and the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if any, or a
> secured packet from the SOR-AF, the HPLMN or subscribed SNPN policy
> for the SOR-AF invocation is present in the UDM and the SOR-AF
> provides the UDM with the SOR-CMCI for a UE identified by SUPI; or
>
> \- When the SOR-CMCI becomes available in the UDM (i.e., retrieved
> from the UDR).

**Figure C.4.3.1: Procedure for configuring UE with SOR-CMCI after
registration**

For the steps below, security protection is described in
3GPP TS 33.501 \[24\].

> 1\) The SOR-AF to the UDM: Nudm\_ParameterProvision\_Update request is
> sent to the UDM to trigger the update of the UE with the SOR-CMCI (in
> plain text or secured packet). In case of providing SOR-CMCI in plain
> text, include the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if applicable.
> In case of providing SOR-CMCI in a secured packet, include an
> indication that \"the list of preferred PLMN/access technology
> combinations is not included in the secured packet\".
>
> 2\) The UDM to the AMF: The UDM notifies the changes of the user
> profile to the affected AMF by the means of invoking
> Nudm\_SDM\_Notification service operation. The Nudm\_SDM\_Notification
> service operation contains the steering of roaming information that
> needs to be delivered transparently to the UE over NAS within the
> Access and Mobility Subscription data. If the HPLMN or subscribed SNPN
> decided that the UE is to acknowledge successful security check of the
> received steering of roaming information, the Nudm\_SDM\_Notification
> service operation also contains an indication that the UDM requests an
> acknowledgement from the UE as part of the steering of roaming
> information. The UDM:
>
> \- upon receiving the SOR-CMCI (in plain text), shall:
>
> i\) if the UE is registered in the HPLMN or a VPLMN, include the
> SOR-CMCI, the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if any, and the
> HPLMN indication that \'no change of the \"Operator Controlled PLMN
> Selector with Access Technology\" list stored in the UE is needed and
> thus no list of preferred PLMN/access technology combinations is
> provided\';
>
> ii\) if the UE is registered in a non-subscribed SNPN, include the
> SOR-CMCI, the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if any, and the
> HPLMN or subscribed SNPN indication that \'no change of the
> SOR-SNPN-SI stored in the UE is needed and thus no SOR-SNPN-SI is
> provided\'; and
>
> iii\) if the UE is registered in a subscribed SNPN and the AMF has
> reported to the UDM that the UE supports SOR-SNPN-SI, include the
> SOR-CMCI, the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if any, and the
> HPLMN or subscribed SNPN indication that \'no change of the
> SOR-SNPN-SI stored in the UE is needed and thus no SOR-SNPN-SI is
> provided\'; or
>
> \- upon receiving the SOR-CMCI in secured packet, shall include the
> secured packet into the steering of roaming information;

NOTE 3: The UDM considers \"the list of preferred PLMN/access technology
combinations is not included in the secured packet\" received together
with the secured packet from the SOR-AF to indicate that the UE is not
expected to perform SOR based on the associated steering of roaming
information sent to the UE. However, the SOR-CMCI included in the
secured packet can be applied by the UE if the UE has one or more
Tsor-cm timers running as described in C.4.2.

NOTE 4: The UDM cannot provide the SOR-CMCI, if any, to the AMF which
does not support receiving SoR transparent container (see
3GPP TS 29.503 \[78\]).

> 3\) The AMF to the UE: the AMF sends a DL NAS TRANSPORT message to the
> served UE. The AMF includes in the DL NAS TRANSPORT message the
> steering of roaming information received from the UDM.
>
> 4\) Upon receiving the steering of roaming information containing the
> SOR-CMCI and the HPLMN indication that \'no change of the \"Operator
> Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" list stored in the
> UE is needed and thus no list of preferred PLMN/access technology
> combinations is provided\' or the HPLMN or subscribed SNPN indication
> that \'no change of the SOR-SNPN-SI stored in the UE is needed and
> thus no SOR-SNPN-SI is provided\', or the secured packet, the UE shall
> perform a security check on the steering of roaming information
> included in the DL NAS TRANSPORT message to verify that the steering
> of roaming information is provided by HPLMN or subscribed SNPN, and:
>
> a\) if the security check is successful, the UE shall store the
> SOR-CMCI according to clause C.4.1. If the UE has one or more Tsor-cm
> timers running, the UE shall apply the received SOR-CMCI as described
> in C.4.2.
>
> If the steering of roaming information contains a secured packet and
> the UDM has requested an acknowledgement from the UE in the DL NAS
> TRANSPORT message, the UE sends an UL NAS TRANSPORT message to the
> serving AMF with an SOR transparent container including the UE
> acknowledgement and the UE shall set the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\"
> indicator to \"supported\" only after the ME receives UICC responses
> indicating that the UICC has received the secured packet successfully.
> Otherwise, if the UDM has requested an acknowledgement from the UE in
> the DL NAS TRANSPORT message, the UE sends an UL NAS TRANSPORT message
> to the serving AMF with an SOR transparent container including the UE
> acknowledgement and the UE shall set the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\"
> indicator to \"supported\". Additionally, if the UE supports access to
> an SNPN using credentials from a credentials holder and the UE is in a
> PLMN, the UE may set the \"ME support of SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator to
> \"supported\".
>
> If the UDM has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE then step
> 5 is skipped; and
>
> b\) if the selected PLMN is a VPLMN or a non-subscribed SNPN, the
> security check is not successful and the UE is in automatic network
> selection mode, then:
>
> \- if the UE has a SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the
> ME, the current PLMN is considered as lowest priority and the UE shall
> apply the actions in clause C.4.2;
>
> \- otherwise, the UE shall wait until it moves to idle mode or
> 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
> 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) before attempting to obtain service on a higher
> priority PLMN as specified in clause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T
> that controls periodic attempts has expired, with an exception that
> the current PLMN is considered as lowest priority, or before
> attempting to obtain service on a higher priority SNPN as specified in
> clause 4.9.3, with an exception that the current registered SNPN is
> considered as lowest priority. If the selected PLMN or SNPN is a VPLMN
> or a non-subscribed SNPN and the UE has an established emergency PDU
> session then the UE shall attempt to perform the PLMN selection after
> the emergency PDU session is released and after the UE enters idle
> mode or 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
> 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).
>
> Step 5 is skipped;

NOTE 5: When the UE is in the manual mode of operation or the current
chosen VPLMN is part of the \"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access
Technology\" list or the current chosen non-subscribed SNPN is part of
the user controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs for the selected
entry of the \"list of subscriber data\" the selected PLMN subscription,
the UE stays on the VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN.

> 5\) The AMF to the UDM: If the UL NAS TRANSPORT message with an SOR
> transparent container is received, the AMF uses the Nudm\_SDM\_Info
> service operation to provide the received SOR transparent container to
> the UDM. If the HPLMN decided that the UE is to acknowledge successful
> security check of the received steering of roaming information in step
> 2, the UDM verifies that the acknowledgement is provided by the UE.
> The UDM shall store the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator and the
> \"ME support of SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator, if any; and
>
> 6\) The UDM to the SOR-AF: Nsoraf\_SoR\_Info (SUPI of the UE,
> successful delivery, \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator, \"ME
> support of SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator, if any). If the HPLMN policy for
> the SOR-AF invocation is present and the HPLMN UDM received and
> verified the UE acknowledgement in step 5, then the UDM informs the
> SOR-AF about successful delivery of the SOR-CMCI to the UE. The UDM
> shall include the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator and the \"ME
> support of SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator, if any.

If the selected PLMN is a VPLMN or a non-subscribed SNPN and:

> \- the UE in manual mode of operation encounters security check
> failure of SOR information in DL NAS TRANSPORT message; and
>
> \- upon switching to automatic network selection mode the UE remembers
> that it is still registered on the PLMN the non-subscribed SNPN where
> the security check failure of SOR information was encountered;

the UE shall wait until it moves to idle mode or 5GMM-CONNECTED mode
with RRC inactive indication (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) before
attempting to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN as specified in
clause 4.4.3.3, by acting as if timer T that controls periodic attempts
has expired, with an exception that the current registered PLMN is
considered as lowest priority, or before attempting to obtained service
on a higher priority SNPN as specified in clause 4.9.3, with an
exception that the current registered SNPN is considered as lowest
priority. If the selected PLMN is a VPLMN or the selected SNPN is a
non-subscribed SNPN and the UE has an established emergency PDU session
then the UE shall attempt to perform the PLMN selection after the
emergency PDU session is released and after the UE enters idle mode or
5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).

NOTE 6: The receipt of the steering of roaming information by itself
does not trigger the release of the emergency PDU session.

##### 6.3.2.3.3 Test description {#test-description-71 .H6}

##### 6.3.2.3.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-71 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-53 .H6}

\- Two inter-frequency multi-PLMN NR Cells as specified in TS 38.508-1
\[4\] Table 4.4.2-1 are configured broadcasting PLMNs as indicated in
Table 6.3.2.3.3.1-1.

\- The PLMNs are identified in the test by the identifiers in Table
6.3.2.3.3.1-1. The MCC and MNC values of PLMN identifiers are specified
in TS 36.523-1 \[13\], Table 6.0.1-1.

Table 6.3.2.3.3.1-1: PLMN identifiers

  **NR Cell**   **PLMN names**
  ------------- ----------------
                
  NR Cell 11    PLMN2
  NR Cell 12    PLMN13

\- NR Cell 11 is set to \"Serving Cell\";

\- NR Cell 12 is set to \"Serving Cell\";

\- System Information Combination NR-4 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-67 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic PLMN selection mode.

\- USIM configuration as defined in Table 6.4.1-21 of TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
will be used.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-70 .H6}

\- The UE is switched on and brought to state 3N-A, RRC\_CONNECTED
Connectivity (NR), in accordance with the procedure described in TS
38.508-1 \[4\], clause 4.5.4 need to be performed on NR Cell 12.

##### 6.3.2.3.4 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-71 .H6}

**Table 6.3.2.3.4-1: Main behaviour**

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| **St**    | **Pr      | **Message | **TP**    | **        |    |
|           | ocedure** | S         |           | Verdict** |    |
|           |           | equence** |           |           |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+====+
|           |           | **U - S** | **        |           |    |
|           |           |           | Message** |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 1-21a1    | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 22        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-        | \- |
|           | transmits |           | DLI       |           |    |
|           | an        |           | nformatio |           |    |
|           | DLI       |           | nTransfer |           |    |
|           | nformatio |           |           |           |    |
|           | nTransfer |           | *5GMM:*   |           |    |
|           | message   |           | *DL NAS   |           |    |
|           | c         |           | T         |           |    |
|           | ontaining |           | RANSPORT* |           |    |
|           | steering  |           |           |           |    |
|           | of        |           |           |           |    |
|           | roaming   |           |           |           |    |
|           | in        |           |           |           |    |
|           | formation |           |           |           |    |
|           | i         |           |           |           |    |
|           | ndicating |           |           |           |    |
|           | list of   |           |           |           |    |
|           | preferred |           |           |           |    |
|           | PL        |           |           |           |    |
|           | MN/access |           |           |           |    |
|           | t         |           |           |           |    |
|           | echnology |           |           |           |    |
|           | co        |           |           |           |    |
|           | mbination |           |           |           |    |
|           | provided  |           |           |           |    |
|           | with      |           |           |           |    |
|           | ackno     |           |           |           |    |
|           | wledgment |           |           |           |    |
|           | requested |           |           |           |    |
|           | from the  |           |           |           |    |
|           | UE for    |           |           |           |    |
|           | s         |           |           |           |    |
|           | uccessful |           |           |           |    |
|           | r         |           |           |           |    |
|           | eception. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 23        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | starts    |           |           |           |    |
|           | timer     |           |           |           |    |
|           | with      |           |           |           |    |
|           | Tsor-cm   |           |           |           |    |
|           | timer     |           |           |           |    |
|           | value =   |           |           |           |    |
|           | 60s.      |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 24        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | starts    |           |           |           |    |
|           | timer of  |           |           |           |    |
|           | tmax =(6  |           |           |           |    |
|           | minutes + |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | selection |           |           |           |    |
|           | time).    |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 1,  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 2 and 3)  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 25        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | ULI       |           |    |
|           | UE        |           | nformatio |           |    |
|           | transmit  |           | nTransfer |           |    |
|           | an        |           |           |           |    |
|           | ULI       |           | *5GMM: UL |           |    |
|           | nformatio |           | NAS       |           |    |
|           | nTransfer |           | T         |           |    |
|           | message   |           | RANSPORT* |           |    |
|           | carrying  |           |           |           |    |
|           | acknow    |           |           |           |    |
|           | ledgement |           |           |           |    |
|           | of        |           |           |           |    |
|           | s         |           |           |           |    |
|           | uccessful |           |           |           |    |
|           | reception |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | steering  |           |           |           |    |
|           | of        |           |           |           |    |
|           | roaming   |           |           |           |    |
|           | inf       |           |           |           |    |
|           | ormation? |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 26        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | ULI       |           |    |
|           | UE        |           | nformatio |           |    |
|           | transmit  |           | nTransfer |           |    |
|           | a         |           |           |           |    |
|           | DEREG     |           | 5GMM:     |           |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           | DEREG     |           |    |
|           | REQUEST   |           | ISTRATION |           |    |
|           | after     |           | REQUEST   |           |    |
|           | Tsor-cm   |           |           |           |    |
|           | timer     |           |           |           |    |
|           | expires?  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 27        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-        | \- |
|           | transmits |           | DLI       |           |    |
|           | a         |           | nformatio |           |    |
|           | DEREG     |           | nTransfer |           |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |           |    |
|           | ACCEPT    |           | 5GMM:     |           |    |
|           | message.  |           | DEREG     |           |    |
|           |           |           | ISTRATION |           |    |
|           |           |           | ACCEPT    |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 27A       | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | releases  |           |           |           |    |
|           | the RRC   |           |           |           |    |
|           | c         |           |           |           |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell 12.  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 28        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | RRCSet    |           |    |
|           | UE        |           | upRequest |           |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |           |    |
|           | an        |           |           |           |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |           |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 11   |           |           |           |    |
|           | before    |           |           |           |    |
|           | tmax      |           |           |           |    |
|           | expires?  |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 1,  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 2 and 3)  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 29-30     | Steps 3-4 | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | of Table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |           |    |
|           | p         |           |           |           |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 31        | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 32-47a1   | Steps 5   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |           |    |
|           | of Table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 11.  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| Timer     |           |           |           |           |    |
| tmax in   |           |           |           |           |    |
| step 24   |           |           |           |           |    |
| and 28    |           |           |           |           |    |
| are       |           |           |           |           |    |
| derived   |           |           |           |           |    |
| from the  |           |           |           |           |    |
| high      |           |           |           |           |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |           |    |
| PLMN      |           |           |           |           |    |
| search    |           |           |           |           |    |
| timer T   |           |           |           |           |    |
| defined   |           |           |           |           |    |
| by        |           |           |           |           |    |
| EFHPPLMN. |           |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| Following |           |           |           |           |    |
| attempts  |           |           |           |           |    |
| to access |           |           |           |           |    |
| the       |           |           |           |           |    |
| H         |           |           |           |           |    |
| PLMN/EHPL |           |           |           |           |    |
| MN/higher |           |           |           |           |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |           |    |
| PLMN in   |           |           |           |           |    |
| VPLMN is  |           |           |           |           |    |
| operator  |           |           |           |           |    |
| specific  |           |           |           |           |    |
| setting   |           |           |           |           |    |
| (Refer to |           |           |           |           |    |
| TS 23.122 |           |           |           |           |    |
| Rel-12).  |           |           |           |           |    |
| Hence,    |           |           |           |           |    |
| window    |           |           |           |           |    |
| between   |           |           |           |           |    |
| 120s to   |           |           |           |           |    |
| T+        |           |           |           |           |    |
| Tolerance |           |           |           |           |    |
| is being  |           |           |           |           |    |
| used ,    |           |           |           |           |    |
| where the |           |           |           |           |    |
| high      |           |           |           |           |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |           |    |
| PLMN      |           |           |           |           |    |
| search    |           |           |           |           |    |
| timer T   |           |           |           |           |    |
| defined   |           |           |           |           |    |
| by        |           |           |           |           |    |
| EFHPPLMN. |           |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
| Note 3:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| Tolerance |           |           |           |           |    |
| of 2min   |           |           |           |           |    |
| is added  |           |           |           |           |    |
| to allow  |           |           |           |           |    |
| time for  |           |           |           |           |    |
| the UE to |           |           |           |           |    |
| find the  |           |           |           |           |    |
| proper    |           |           |           |           |    |
| PLMN.     |           |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+

6.3.2.3.5 Specific message contents

**Table 6.3.2.3.5-1: *DL NAS TRANSPORT Message for NR Cell 12* (step 22,
Table 6.3.2.3.4-1)**

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-11 with condition 5GS\_SOR\_CMCI.                                                                                                                           
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------
  **Information Element**                                                            **Value/remark**   **Comment**                                                                                          **Condition**
  Payload container                                                                  Present            The SOR transparent container in the payload container IE carries steering of roaming information.   
  SOR transparent container                                                          Present            The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.                               
  SOR header                                                                                            1 octet                                                                                              
  Additional parameters (AP) value                                                   1                  Additional parameters included                                                                       
  Length of PLMN ID and access technology list                                       '05'O              PLMN2                                                                                                
  PLMN ID and access technology list                                                                    NG-RAN                                                                                               
  PLMN ID 1                                                                          PLMN2                                                                                                                   
  access technology identifier 1                                                     NG-RAN                                                                                                                  
  SOR-CMCI                                                                           Present                                                                                                                 
  Length of SOR-CMCI contents                                                                           Length value of SOR-CMCI rule1                                                                       
  SOR-CMCI rule 1                                                                                                                                                                                            
  Length of SOR-CMCI rule contents                                                                      Length value of SOR-CMCI rule contents                                                               
  Tsor-cm timer value                                                                '00100001'B        60s                                                                                                  
  Criterion type                                                                     '11111111'B        match all                                                                                            
  Criterion value                                                                    Not Present                                                                                                             

**Table 6.3.2.3.5-2: *UL NAS TRANSPORT Message for NR Cell 12* (step 25,
Table 6.3.2.3.4-1)**

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-10 with condition 5GS\_SOR\_CMCI.                                                                                                                           
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------
  **Information Element**                                                            **Value/remark**   **Comment**                                                                                          **Condition**
  Payload container                                                                  Present            The SOR transparent container in the payload container IE carries steering of roaming information.   
  SOR transparent container                                                          Present            The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.                               
  SOR header                                                                                            1 octet                                                                                              
  ME support of SOR-CMCI indicator (MSSI) value                                      1                  SOR-CMCI supported by the ME                                                                         

Table 6.3.2.3.5-3: DEREGISTRATION REQUEST for NR Cell 12 (Step 26, Table
6.3.2.3.4-1)

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.7.1-12 with condition NORMAL.
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

#### 6.3.2.4 Steering of UE in roaming after registration / SOR-CMCI rule / DNN of the PDU session / update Tsor-cm Timer / DL NAS transport

##### 6.3.2.4.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-73 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-137 .H6}

**with** { UE being in automatic PLMN selection mode and UE has
registered onto a VPLMN with an established PDU session }

ensure that {

**when** { UE receives SOR Transparent container included in DL NAS
TRANSPORT message contains steering of roaming information with the
SOR-CMCI field which includes Tsor-cm timer and Criterion type with
setting as DNN of the PDU session, and, UE sends an SOR transparent
container with ACK in UL NAS TRANSPORT message, and, UE receives SOR
Transparent container included in DL NAS TRANSPORT message with Tsor-cm
timer value is other than infinity and is smaller than the current value
of the running Tsor-cm timer, and, UE sends an SOR transparent container
with ACK in UL NAS TRANSPORT message }

**then** { UE sends DEREGISTRATION REQUEST message after Tsor-cm timer
expires, and, selects higher priority PLMN after DEREGISTRATION
procedure is completed successfully }

}

##### 6.3.2.4.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-73 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 23.122, clause C.4.1, C.4.2, and C.4.3. Unless
otherwise stated these are Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.4.1\]

The HPLMN or subscribed SNPN, based on operator policy, may provide the
UE with SOR-CMCI to control the timing when the UE enters idle mode and
performs higher priority PLMN/access technology or SNPN selection. This
is achieved by the HPLMN indicating to the UE the criteria for releasing
specific PDU session(s) or services and entering idle mode.

NOTE 1: The released PDU sessions may be re-established by the
application once the UE successfully registers on a higher priority PLMN
or SNPN. User interaction is required for some applications.

The HPLMN or subscribed SNPN may configure the SOR-CMCI in the UE, and
may also provide the SOR-CMCI to the UE over N1 NAS signalling. The
SOR-CMCI received over N1 NAS signalling takes precedence over the
SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the ME or stored in the
USIM.

NOTE 2: The SOR-CMCI received over N1 NAS signalling in the SOR
information is either the SOR-CMCI in the USAT REFRESH with command
qualifier of type \"Steering of Roaming\" (see 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\])
which is received in a secured packet, or the SOR-CMCI received in plain
text.

If the UE receives SOR information containing the list of preferred
PLMN/access technology combinations or SOR-SNPN-SI without SOR-CMCI, or
the ME receives USAT REFRESH with command qualifier (see
3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]) of type \"Steering of Roaming\" without SOR-CMCI,
or the security check of the received steering of roaming information is
not successful as described in clause C.2, clause C.3 and clause C.4.3,
then:

> 1\) if the UE has SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the
> ME, the UE shall use the SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of
> the ME; and
>
> 2\) if the UE has no SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the
> ME, the UE shall use the SOR-CMCI stored in the USIM, if any.

The UE shall delete the stored SOR-CMCI, if any, in the non-volatile
memory of the ME and store the received SOR-CMCI in the non-volatile
memory of the ME when:

> 1\) the ME receives SOR-CMCI in the USAT REFRESH with command
> qualifier (see 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]) of type \"Steering of Roaming\";
> or
>
> 2\) the UE receives the steering of roaming information containing the
> SOR-CMCI over N1 NAS signalling and the UE receives the \"Store
> SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator set to \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\";

The SOR-CMCI shall be stored in the non-volatile memory of the ME
together with the SUPI from the USIM. The ME shall not delete the
SOR-CMCI when the UE is switched off. The ME shall delete the SOR-CMCI
when a new USIM is inserted.

SOR-CMCI consists of SOR-CMCI rules. Each SOR-CMCI rule consists of the
following parameters:

> i\) a criterion of one of the following types:
>
> \- PDU session attribute type criterion;
>
> \- service type criterion;
>
> \- SOR security check criterion; or
>
> \- match all type criterion; and
>
> ii\) a value for Tsor-cm timer associated with each criterion
> presented in i) indicating the time the UE shall wait before releasing
> the PDU sessions or the services and entering idle mode.

SOR-CMCI contains zero, one or more SOR-CMCI rules with PDU session
attribute type criterion, zero, one or more SOR-CMCI rules with service
type criterion, and zero or one SOR-CMCI rule with match all type
criterion.

PDU session attribute type criterion consists of one of the following:

> a\) DNN of the PDU session;
>
> b\) S-NSSAI STT of the PDU session; or
>
> c\) S-NSSAI SST and SD of the PDU session.

Service type criterion consists of one of the following:

> a\) IMS registration related signalling;
>
> b\) MMTEL voice call;
>
> c\) MMTEL video call; or
>
> d\) SMS over NAS or SMSoIP.

SOR security check criterion consists of:

> a\) SOR security check not successful.

Match all type criterion consists of:

> a\) match all.

When the SOR-CMCI received by the UE over N1 NAS signalling contains no
SOR-CMCI rules, the UE shall stop all running Tsor-cm timers, if any,
and act as if no SOR-CMCI is configured. Additionally:

> \- if the SOR-CMCI is received in plain text and it also contains the
> \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, the UE shall delete the stored
> SOR-CMCI in the non-volatile memory of the ME, if any; and
>
> \- if the SOR-CMCI is received in a secured packet, and the USIM
> provides the ME with the SOR-CMCI in the USAT REFRESH with command
> qualifier of type \"Steering of Roaming\" (see 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]),
> then the UE shall delete the stored SOR-CMCI in the non-volatile
> memory of the ME, if any.

The HPLMN may update the SOR-CMCI in the USIM such that it contains no
SOR-CMCI rules, in which case the UE behaviour described in clause C.4.2
applies. Also the HPLMN may make the SOR-CMCI file in the USIM
unavailable (see 3GPP TS 31.102 \[40\]).

If there are more than one criterion applicable for a PDU session (e.g.,
a criterion for the PDU session and another one for the service) then
the Tsor-cm timer with the highest value shall apply.

If there are more than one criterion applicable to different ongoing PDU
sessions or services leading to multiple applicable Tsor-cm timers, then
all the applicable Tsor-cm timers shall be started. Further handling of
such cases is described in clause C.4.2.

If the value for Tsor-cm timer equals \"infinity\" then the UE shall
wait until the PDU session is released or the service is stopped.

The Tsor-cm timer is applicable only if the UE is in automatic network
selection mode.

Upon switching to the manual network selection mode, the UE shall stop
any Tsor-cm timer, if running. In this case, the UE is not required to
enter idle mode and perform the de-registration procedure.

The UE shall consider the following services as exempted from being
forced to release the related established PDU session, if any, enter
idle mode and perform high priority PLMN/access technology or SNPN
selection. These services are known to the UE by default and the UE
shall not follow the SOR-CMCI criteria even if configured to interrupt
such services:

> i\) emergency services.

The UE configured with high priority access in the selected PLMN or SNPN
shall consider all services and all related established PDU sessions, if
any, to be exempted from being forced to be released to enter idle mode
and perform high priority PLMN/access technology or SNPN selection.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.4.2\]

During SOR procedure and while applying SOR-CMCI, the UE shall determine
the time to release the PDU session(s) or the services as follows:

> \- If the UE encounters SOR security check not successful on the
> received steering of roaming information, and a matching criterion
> \"SOR security check not successful\" is included in the SOR-CMCI
> stored in the non-volatile memory of the ME, then the UE shall:
>
> \- if the timer value is not zero, start an associated Tsor-cm timer
> with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> \- stop all other running Tsor-cm timers, if any; and
>
> \- not start any new Tsor-cm timer while Tsor-cm timer associated with
> \"SOR security check not successful\" criterion is running;
>
> \- If one or more SOR-CMCI rules are included in SOR-CMCI, where for
> each criterion:
>
> a\) DNN of the PDU session:
>
> the UE shall check whether it has a PDU session with a DNN matching to
> the DNN included in SOR-CMCI, and if any, the UE shall, if the timer
> value is not zero, start an associated Tsor-cm timer with the value
> included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> b\) S-NSSAI SST of the PDU session:
>
> the UE shall check whether it has a PDU session with a S-NSSAI SST
> matching the S-NSSAI SST included in SOR-CMCI, and if any, the UE
> shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an associated Tsor-cm
> timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> b1) S-NSSAI SST and SD of the PDU session:
>
> the UE shall check whether it has a PDU session with a S-NSSAI SST and
> SD matching the S-NSSAI SST and SD included in SOR-CMCI, and if any,
> the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an associated
> Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> c\) IMS registration related signalling:
>
> the UE shall check whether IMS registration related signalling is
> ongoing, and if it is ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not
> zero, start an associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the
> SOR-CMCI;
>
> d\) MMTEL voice call:
>
> the UE shall check whether MMTEL voice call is ongoing, and if it is
> ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an
> associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> e\) MMTEL video call:
>
> the UE shall check whether MMTEL video call is ongoing, and if it is
> ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an
> associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> f\) SMS over NAS or SMSoIP:
>
> the UE shall check whether SMS over NAS or SMSoIP services is ongoing,
> and if it is ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero,
> start an associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the
> SOR-CMCI; or
>
> g\) match all:
>
> the UE shall check whether there are any PDU sessions or services for
> which there is no matching criterion in a) to f) above. If such PDU
> session or service exists, then for each of these PDU sessions or
> services, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an
> associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI.

If the SOR-CMCI is available, and:

> \- the SOR-CMCI used is in the USIM, contains no SOR-CMCI rule;
>
> \- there are one or more SOR-CMCI rules but there is no criterion
> matched with any ongoing PDU session or service; or
>
> \- there are one or more SOR-CMCI rules and there is one or more
> criteria matched with an ongoing PDU session or service, but the
> highest Tsor-cm timer value associated with the matched criteria is
> equal to zero;

then there is no Tsor-cm timer started for any PDU session or service.

While one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, the UE shall check the
newly established PDU session or service for a matching criterion in the
SOR-CMCI:

> \- If a matching criterion is found and the applicable Tsor-cm timer
> indicated the value \"infinity\" then the UE shall start the Tsor-cm
> timer associated to the newly established PDU session or service with
> the value set to infinity; or
>
> \- For all other cases, if a matching criterion is found and the timer
> value is not zero then the UE shall start the Tsor-cm timer associated
> to the newly established PDU session or service with the value
> included in the SOR-CMCI, with the exception that if the value of the
> Tsor-cm timer included in the SOR-CMCI exceeds the highest value among
> the current values of all running Tsor-cm timers, then the value of
> the Tsor-cm timer for the newly established PDU session or service
> shall be set to the highest value among the current values of all
> running Tsor-cm timers.

NOTE 1: For newly established PDU session or service as described above,
the timer is set irrespective of whether other ongoing PDU sessions or
services that match the same criteria exist and for which corresponding
Tsor-cm timers are running.

NOTE 2: NAS 5GMM layer will receive an explicit indication from the
upper layers that a service is started or stopped. When a service is
started, it is handled as a new service in the procedures described in
this clause.

NOTE 3: While one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, the UE can trigger
any 5GSM procedure or start new services.

While one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, upon receiving a new
SOR-CMCI as described in annex C.4.3, the UE shall check if there is a
matching criterion found for any ongoing PDU session or service in the
new SOR-CMCI:

> \- if a matching criterion is found and the value of Tsor-cm timer in
> the new SOR-CMCI indicates the value \"infinity\", then:
>
> a\) if the Tsor-cm timer associated to the PDU session or service is
> not running, then the UE shall start the Tsor-cm timer associated to
> the PDU session or service with the value set to infinity; or
>
> b\) if the Tsor-cm timer associated to the PDU session or service is
> already running, then the UE shall set the value of the Tsor-cm timer
> associated to the PDU session or service to infinity without stopping
> and restarting the timer;
>
> \- if a matching criterion is found and the value of Tsor-cm timer in
> the new SOR-CMCI is other than infinity and is smaller than the
> current value of the running Tsor-cm timer for the associated PDU
> session or service, then the Tsor-cm timer value for the associated
> PDU session or service shall be replaced with the value in the new
> SOR-CMCI without stopping and restarting the timer; or
>
> \- for all other cases, the running Tsor-cm timers for the associated
> PDU sessions or services are kept unchanged.

The Tsor-cm timer shall be stopped when the associated PDU session is
released or the associated service is stopped.

If the security check on the received steering of roaming information is
successful, the UE shall stop the Tsor-cm timer associated with \"SOR
security check not successful\", if running, and act on the received
steering of roaming information. The current PLMN or SNPN is not
considered as lowest priority.

NOTE 4: This also applies to the case when the current PLMN or SNPN is
different from the PLMN or SNPN in which the Tsor-cm timer associated
with \"SOR security check not successful\" was started.

If the UE, while one or more Tsor-cm timers are running:

> a\) enters idle mode not due to lower layer failure (see
> 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]);
>
> b\) is not able to successfully recover the N1 NAS signalling
> connection (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]); or
>
> c\) enters 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
> 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]);

then the UE shall stop the timer(s). In these cases, if:

> a\) the UE has a list of available and allowable PLMNs or SNPNs in the
> area and based on this list or any other implementation specific
> means, the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN or SNPN
> than the selected VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN; or
>
> b\) the UE does not have a list of available and allowable PLMNs or
> SNPNs in the area and is unable to determine whether there is a higher
> priority PLMN or SNPN than the selected VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN
> using any other implementation specific means;

then the UE shall attempt to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN or
SNPN as specified in clause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T that
controls periodic attempts has expired or as specified in clause 4.9.3.

NOTE 5: When the UE enters idle mode due to lower layer failure while
one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, then the UE does not stop
Tsor-cm timer(s) as recovery of NAS signalling connection is possible
(see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).

When the UE determines that no Tsor-cm timer is started for any PDU
session or service, the last running Tsor-cm timer is stopped due to
release of the associated PDU sessions or stop of the associated
services, or the last running Tsor-cm timer expires, if:

> i\) the UE has a list of available and allowable PLMNs or SNPNs in the
> area and based on this list or any other implementation specific
> means, the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN or SNPN
> than the selected VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN; or
>
> ii\) the UE does not have a list of available and allowable PLMNs or
> SNPNs in the area and is unable to determine whether there is a higher
> priority PLMN or SNPN than the selected VPLMN or non-subscribed
> SNPNusing any other implementation specific means;

then if the UE is in 5GMM-CONNECTED mode, the UE shall perform the
deregistration procedure (see clause 4.2.2.3 of 3GPP TS 23.502 \[63\])
that releases all the established PDU sessions and services, if any, and
once the UE enters idle mode it shall attempt to obtain service on a
higher priority PLMN or SNPN as specified in clause 4.4.3.3 by acting as
if timer T that controls periodic attempts has expired or as specified
in clause 4.9.3.

NOTE 6: The list of available and allowable PLMNs or SNPNs in the area
is implementation specific.

The UE which has an emergency PDU session, receives a request from the
upper layers to establish an emergency PDU session or perform emergency
services fallback, registers for emergency services, or is configured
for high priority access in the selected PLMN or SNPN is not required to
enter idle mode if the last running Tsor-cm timer for any PDU session or
service stops or expires. In this case, the UE shall attempt to perform
the PLMN or SNPN selection after the emergency PDU session or the high
priority service is released and after the UE enters idle mode or
5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).

If the UE selects a cell of any access technology other than NG-RAN, the
ongoing SOR procedure is terminated and the UE shall stop applying
SOR-CMCI and stop all running Tsor-cm timers without triggering any
further actions.

NOTE 7: If the UE is served by any access technology other than NG-RAN,
the HPLMN can initiate a steering of roaming procedure as specified in
clause 4.4.6.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.4.3\]

The stage-2 flow for providing UE with SOR-CMCI in HPLMN, VPLMN,
subscribed SNPN or non-subscribed SNPN after registration is indicated
in figure C.4.3.1, when the ME supports the SOR-CMCI. The selected PLMN
or SNPN can be the HPLMN, a VPLMN, the subscribed SNPN or a
non-subscribed SNPN. The AMF is located in the selected PLMN or SNPN.
The UDM is located in the HPLMN or the subscribed SNPN.

In this procedure, the SOR-CMCI is sent without the list of preferred
PLMN/access technology combinations and the SOR-SNPN-SI. In this
procedure, the SOR-CMCI is sent in plain text or is sent within the
secured packet.

NOTE 1: The SOR-AF can determine that the ME supports the SOR-CMCI if
the Nsoraf\_SoR\_Info service operation has returned the \"ME support of
SOR-CMCI\" indicator. The UDM can determine that the ME supports the
SOR-CMCI if the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator is stored for the
UE. How the SOR-AF determines that the USIM for the indicated SUPI
supports SOR-CMCI is implementation specific.

NOTE 2: The secured packet provided by the SOR-AF can include SOR-CMCI
only if the SOR-AF has determined that the ME supports the SOR-CMCI and
the USIM of the indicated SUPI supports SOR-CMCI. Otherwise if only the
\"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator is stored for the UE, then
SOR-CMCI, if any, cannot be included in the secured packet.

The procedure is triggered:

> \- If the UDM supports obtaining the parameters of the list of
> preferred PLMN/access technology combinations, the SOR-SNPN-SI, the
> SOR-CMCI, and the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if any, or a
> secured packet from the SOR-AF, the HPLMN or subscribed SNPN policy
> for the SOR-AF invocation is present in the UDM and the SOR-AF
> provides the UDM with the SOR-CMCI for a UE identified by SUPI; or
>
> \- When the SOR-CMCI becomes available in the UDM (i.e., retrieved
> from the UDR).

Figure C.4.3.1: Procedure for configuring UE with SOR-CMCI after
registration

For the steps below, security protection is described in
3GPP TS 33.501 \[24\].

> 1\) The SOR-AF to the UDM: Nudm\_ParameterProvision\_Update request is
> sent to the UDM to trigger the update of the UE with the SOR-CMCI (in
> plain text or secured packet). In case of providing SOR-CMCI in plain
> text, include the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if applicable.
> In case of providing SOR-CMCI in a secured packet, include an
> indication that \"the list of preferred PLMN/access technology
> combinations is not included in the secured packet\".
>
> 2\) The UDM to the AMF: The UDM notifies the changes of the user
> profile to the affected AMF by the means of invoking
> Nudm\_SDM\_Notification service operation. The Nudm\_SDM\_Notification
> service operation contains the steering of roaming information that
> needs to be delivered transparently to the UE over NAS within the
> Access and Mobility Subscription data. If the HPLMN or subscribed SNPN
> decided that the UE is to acknowledge successful security check of the
> received steering of roaming information, the Nudm\_SDM\_Notification
> service operation also contains an indication that the UDM requests an
> acknowledgement from the UE as part of the steering of roaming
> information. The UDM:
>
> \- upon receiving the SOR-CMCI (in plain text), shall:
>
> i\) if the UE is registered in the HPLMN or a VPLMN, include the
> SOR-CMCI, the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if any, and the
> HPLMN indication that \'no change of the \"Operator Controlled PLMN
> Selector with Access Technology\" list stored in the UE is needed and
> thus no list of preferred PLMN/access technology combinations is
> provided\';
>
> ii\) if the UE is registered in a non-subscribed SNPN, include the
> SOR-CMCI, the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if any, and the
> HPLMN or subscribed SNPN indication that \'no change of the
> SOR-SNPN-SI stored in the UE is needed and thus no SOR-SNPN-SI is
> provided\'; and
>
> iii\) if the UE is registered in a subscribed SNPN and the AMF has
> reported to the UDM that the UE supports SOR-SNPN-SI, include the
> SOR-CMCI, the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if any, and the
> HPLMN or subscribed SNPN indication that \'no change of the
> SOR-SNPN-SI stored in the UE is needed and thus no SOR-SNPN-SI is
> provided\'; or
>
> \- upon receiving the SOR-CMCI in secured packet, shall include the
> secured packet into the steering of roaming information;

NOTE 3: The UDM considers \"the list of preferred PLMN/access technology
combinations is not included in the secured packet\" received together
with the secured packet from the SOR-AF to indicate that the UE is not
expected to perform SOR based on the associated steering of roaming
information sent to the UE. However, the SOR-CMCI included in the
secured packet can be applied by the UE if the UE has one or more
Tsor-cm timers running as described in C.4.2.

NOTE 4: The UDM cannot provide the SOR-CMCI, if any, to the AMF which
does not support receiving SoR transparent container (see
3GPP TS 29.503 \[78\]).

> 3\) The AMF to the UE: the AMF sends a DL NAS TRANSPORT message to the
> served UE. The AMF includes in the DL NAS TRANSPORT message the
> steering of roaming information received from the UDM.
>
> 4\) Upon receiving the steering of roaming information containing the
> SOR-CMCI and the HPLMN indication that \'no change of the \"Operator
> Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" list stored in the
> UE is needed and thus no list of preferred PLMN/access technology
> combinations is provided\' or the HPLMN or subscribed SNPN indication
> that \'no change of the SOR-SNPN-SI stored in the UE is needed and
> thus no SOR-SNPN-SI is provided\', or the secured packet, the UE shall
> perform a security check on the steering of roaming information
> included in the DL NAS TRANSPORT message to verify that the steering
> of roaming information is provided by HPLMN or subscribed SNPN, and:
>
> a\) if the security check is successful, the UE shall store the
> SOR-CMCI according to clause C.4.1. If the UE has one or more Tsor-cm
> timers running, the UE shall apply the received SOR-CMCI as described
> in C.4.2.
>
> If the steering of roaming information contains a secured packet and
> the UDM has requested an acknowledgement from the UE in the DL NAS
> TRANSPORT message, the UE sends an UL NAS TRANSPORT message to the
> serving AMF with an SOR transparent container including the UE
> acknowledgement and the UE shall set the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\"
> indicator to \"supported\" only after the ME receives UICC responses
> indicating that the UICC has received the secured packet successfully.
> Otherwise, if the UDM has requested an acknowledgement from the UE in
> the DL NAS TRANSPORT message, the UE sends an UL NAS TRANSPORT message
> to the serving AMF with an SOR transparent container including the UE
> acknowledgement and the UE shall set the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\"
> indicator to \"supported\". Additionally, if the UE supports access to
> an SNPN using credentials from a credentials holder and the UE is in a
> PLMN, the UE may set the \"ME support of SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator to
> \"supported\".
>
> If the UDM has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE then step
> 5 is skipped; and
>
> b\) if the selected PLMN is a VPLMN or a non-subscribed SNPN, the
> security check is not successful and the UE is in automatic network
> selection mode, then:
>
> \- if the UE has a SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the
> ME, the current PLMN is considered as lowest priority and the UE shall
> apply the actions in clause C.4.2;
>
> \- otherwise, the UE shall wait until it moves to idle mode or
> 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
> 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) before attempting to obtain service on a higher
> priority PLMN as specified in clause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T
> that controls periodic attempts has expired, with an exception that
> the current PLMN is considered as lowest priority, or before
> attempting to obtain service on a higher priority SNPN as specified in
> clause 4.9.3, with an exception that the current registered SNPN is
> considered as lowest priority. If the selected PLMN or SNPN is a VPLMN
> or a non-subscribed SNPN and the UE has an established emergency PDU
> session then the UE shall attempt to perform the PLMN selection after
> the emergency PDU session is released and after the UE enters idle
> mode or 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
> 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).
>
> Step 5 is skipped;

NOTE 5: When the UE is in the manual mode of operation or the current
chosen VPLMN is part of the \"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access
Technology\" list or the current chosen non-subscribed SNPN is part of
the user controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs for the selected
entry of the \"list of subscriber data\" the selected PLMN subscription,
the UE stays on the VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN.

> 5\) The AMF to the UDM: If the UL NAS TRANSPORT message with an SOR
> transparent container is received, the AMF uses the Nudm\_SDM\_Info
> service operation to provide the received SOR transparent container to
> the UDM. If the HPLMN decided that the UE is to acknowledge successful
> security check of the received steering of roaming information in step
> 2, the UDM verifies that the acknowledgement is provided by the UE.
> The UDM shall store the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator and the
> \"ME support of SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator, if any; and
>
> 6\) The UDM to the SOR-AF: Nsoraf\_SoR\_Info (SUPI of the UE,
> successful delivery, \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator, \"ME
> support of SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator, if any). If the HPLMN policy for
> the SOR-AF invocation is present and the HPLMN UDM received and
> verified the UE acknowledgement in step 5, then the UDM informs the
> SOR-AF about successful delivery of the SOR-CMCI to the UE. The UDM
> shall include the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator and the \"ME
> support of SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator, if any.

If the selected PLMN is a VPLMN or a non-subscribed SNPN and:

> \- the UE in manual mode of operation encounters security check
> failure of SOR information in DL NAS TRANSPORT message; and
>
> \- upon switching to automatic network selection mode the UE remembers
> that it is still registered on the PLMN the non-subscribed SNPN where
> the security check failure of SOR information was encountered;

the UE shall wait until it moves to idle mode or 5GMM-CONNECTED mode
with RRC inactive indication (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) before
attempting to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN as specified in
clause 4.4.3.3, by acting as if timer T that controls periodic attempts
has expired, with an exception that the current registered PLMN is
considered as lowest priority, or before attempting to obtained service
on a higher priority SNPN as specified in clause 4.9.3, with an
exception that the current registered SNPN is considered as lowest
priority. If the selected PLMN is a VPLMN or the selected SNPN is a
non-subscribed SNPN and the UE has an established emergency PDU session
then the UE shall attempt to perform the PLMN selection after the
emergency PDU session is released and after the UE enters idle mode or
5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).

NOTE 6: The receipt of the steering of roaming information by itself
does not trigger the release of the emergency PDU session.

##### 6.3.2.4.3 Test description {#test-description-72 .H6}

##### 6.3.2.4.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-72 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-54 .H6}

\- Two inter-frequency multi-PLMN NR Cells as specified in TS 38.508-1
\[4\] Table 4.4.2-1 are configured broadcasting PLMNs as indicated in
Table 6.3.2.4.3.1-1.

\- The PLMNs are identified in the test by the identifiers in Table
6.3.2.4.3.1-1. The MCC and MNC values of PLMN identifiers are specified
in TS 36.523-1 \[13\], Table 6.0.1-1.

Table 6.3.2.4.3.1-1: PLMN identifiers

  **NR Cell**   **PLMN names**
  ------------- ----------------
                
  NR Cell 11    PLMN2
  NR Cell 12    PLMN13

\- NR Cell 11 is set to \"Serving Cell\";

\- NR Cell 12 is set to \"Serving Cell\";

\- System Information Combination NR-4 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-68 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic PLMN selection mode.

\- USIM configuration as defined in Table 6.4.1-21 of TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
will be used.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-71 .H6}

\- The UE is switched on and brought to state 3N-A, RRC\_CONNECTED
Connectivity (NR), in accordance with the procedure described in TS
38.508-1 \[4\], clause 4.5.4 need to be performed on NR Cell 12.

##### 6.3.2.4.4 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-72 .H6}

**Table 6.3.2.4.4-1: Main behaviour**

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| **St**    | **Pr      | **Message | **TP**    | **        |    |
|           | ocedure** | S         |           | Verdict** |    |
|           |           | equence** |           |           |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+====+
|           |           | **U - S** | **        |           |    |
|           |           |           | Message** |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 1-21a1    | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 22        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-        | \- |
|           | transmits |           | DLI       |           |    |
|           | an        |           | nformatio |           |    |
|           | DLI       |           | nTransfer |           |    |
|           | nformatio |           |           |           |    |
|           | nTransfer |           | *5GMM:*   |           |    |
|           | message   |           | *DL NAS   |           |    |
|           | c         |           | T         |           |    |
|           | ontaining |           | RANSPORT* |           |    |
|           | steering  |           |           |           |    |
|           | of        |           |           |           |    |
|           | roaming   |           |           |           |    |
|           | in        |           |           |           |    |
|           | formation |           |           |           |    |
|           | i         |           |           |           |    |
|           | ndicating |           |           |           |    |
|           | list of   |           |           |           |    |
|           | preferred |           |           |           |    |
|           | PL        |           |           |           |    |
|           | MN/access |           |           |           |    |
|           | t         |           |           |           |    |
|           | echnology |           |           |           |    |
|           | co        |           |           |           |    |
|           | mbination |           |           |           |    |
|           | provided  |           |           |           |    |
|           | with      |           |           |           |    |
|           | ackno     |           |           |           |    |
|           | wledgment |           |           |           |    |
|           | requested |           |           |           |    |
|           | from the  |           |           |           |    |
|           | UE for    |           |           |           |    |
|           | s         |           |           |           |    |
|           | uccessful |           |           |           |    |
|           | r         |           |           |           |    |
|           | eception. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 23        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | starts    |           |           |           |    |
|           | timer     |           |           |           |    |
|           | with      |           |           |           |    |
|           | Tsor-cm   |           |           |           |    |
|           | timer     |           |           |           |    |
|           | value =   |           |           |           |    |
|           | 60s.      |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 24        | The UE    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | \-        | \- |
|           | transmits |           | ULI       |           |    |
|           | an        |           | nformatio |           |    |
|           | ULI       |           | nTransfer |           |    |
|           | nformatio |           |           |           |    |
|           | nTransfer |           | *5GMM: UL |           |    |
|           | message   |           | NAS       |           |    |
|           | carrying  |           | T         |           |    |
|           | acknow    |           | RANSPORT* |           |    |
|           | ledgement |           |           |           |    |
|           | of        |           |           |           |    |
|           | s         |           |           |           |    |
|           | uccessful |           |           |           |    |
|           | reception |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | steering  |           |           |           |    |
|           | of        |           |           |           |    |
|           | roaming   |           |           |           |    |
|           | inf       |           |           |           |    |
|           | ormation. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 25        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-        | \- |
|           | transmits |           | DLI       |           |    |
|           | an        |           | nformatio |           |    |
|           | DLI       |           | nTransfer |           |    |
|           | nformatio |           |           |           |    |
|           | nTransfer |           | *5GMM:*   |           |    |
|           | message   |           | *DL NAS   |           |    |
|           | c         |           | T         |           |    |
|           | ontaining |           | RANSPORT* |           |    |
|           | steering  |           |           |           |    |
|           | of        |           |           |           |    |
|           | roaming   |           |           |           |    |
|           | in        |           |           |           |    |
|           | formation |           |           |           |    |
|           | i         |           |           |           |    |
|           | ndicating |           |           |           |    |
|           | list of   |           |           |           |    |
|           | preferred |           |           |           |    |
|           | PL        |           |           |           |    |
|           | MN/access |           |           |           |    |
|           | t         |           |           |           |    |
|           | echnology |           |           |           |    |
|           | co        |           |           |           |    |
|           | mbination |           |           |           |    |
|           | provided  |           |           |           |    |
|           | with      |           |           |           |    |
|           | ackno     |           |           |           |    |
|           | wledgment |           |           |           |    |
|           | requested |           |           |           |    |
|           | from the  |           |           |           |    |
|           | UE for    |           |           |           |    |
|           | s         |           |           |           |    |
|           | uccessful |           |           |           |    |
|           | reception |           |           |           |    |
|           | within    |           |           |           |    |
|           | 49s after |           |           |           |    |
|           | tra       |           |           |           |    |
|           | nsmitting |           |           |           |    |
|           | DL NAS    |           |           |           |    |
|           | transport |           |           |           |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |           |    |
|           | 22.       |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 26        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | updates   |           |           |           |    |
|           | timer of  |           |           |           |    |
|           | Tsor-cm   |           |           |           |    |
|           | timer.    |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 27        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | starts    |           |           |           |    |
|           | timer of  |           |           |           |    |
|           | tmax =(6  |           |           |           |    |
|           | minutes + |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | selection |           |           |           |    |
|           | time).    |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 1,  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 2 and 3)  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 28        | The UE    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | \-        | \- |
|           | transmits |           | ULI       |           |    |
|           | an        |           | nformatio |           |    |
|           | ULI       |           | nTransfer |           |    |
|           | nformatio |           |           |           |    |
|           | nTransfer |           | *5GMM: UL |           |    |
|           | message   |           | NAS       |           |    |
|           | carrying  |           | T         |           |    |
|           | acknow    |           | RANSPORT* |           |    |
|           | ledgement |           |           |           |    |
|           | of        |           |           |           |    |
|           | s         |           |           |           |    |
|           | uccessful |           |           |           |    |
|           | reception |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | steering  |           |           |           |    |
|           | of        |           |           |           |    |
|           | roaming   |           |           |           |    |
|           | inf       |           |           |           |    |
|           | ormation. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 29        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR        | 1         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | ULInfor   |           |    |
|           | UE        |           | mationTra |           |    |
|           | transmit  |           | nsferRRC: |           |    |
|           | a         |           |           |           |    |
|           | DEREG     |           | 5GMM:     |           |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           | DEREG     |           |    |
|           | REQUEST   |           | ISTRATION |           |    |
|           | after     |           | REQUEST   |           |    |
|           | Tsor-cm   |           |           |           |    |
|           | timer     |           |           |           |    |
|           | expires?  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 30        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-        | \- |
|           | transmits |           | DLI       |           |    |
|           | a         |           | nformatio |           |    |
|           | DEREG     |           | nTransfer |           |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |           |    |
|           | ACCEPT    |           | 5GMM:     |           |    |
|           | message.  |           | DEREG     |           |    |
|           |           |           | ISTRATION |           |    |
|           |           |           | ACCEPT    |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 30A       | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | releases  |           |           |           |    |
|           | the RRC   |           |           |           |    |
|           | c         |           |           |           |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell 12.  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 31        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | RRCSet    |           |    |
|           | UE        |           | upRequest |           |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |           |    |
|           | an        |           |           |           |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |           |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 11   |           |           |           |    |
|           | before    |           |           |           |    |
|           | tmax      |           |           |           |    |
|           | expires?  |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 1,  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 2 and 3)  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 32-33     | Steps 3-4 | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | of Table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |           |    |
|           | p         |           |           |           |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 34        | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 35-50a1   | Steps 5   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |           |    |
|           | of Table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 11.  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| Timer     |           |           |           |           |    |
| tmax in   |           |           |           |           |    |
| steps 27  |           |           |           |           |    |
| and 31    |           |           |           |           |    |
| are       |           |           |           |           |    |
| derived   |           |           |           |           |    |
| from the  |           |           |           |           |    |
| high      |           |           |           |           |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |           |    |
| PLMN      |           |           |           |           |    |
| search    |           |           |           |           |    |
| timer T   |           |           |           |           |    |
| defined   |           |           |           |           |    |
| by        |           |           |           |           |    |
| EFHPPLMN. |           |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| Following |           |           |           |           |    |
| attempts  |           |           |           |           |    |
| to access |           |           |           |           |    |
| the       |           |           |           |           |    |
| H         |           |           |           |           |    |
| PLMN/EHPL |           |           |           |           |    |
| MN/higher |           |           |           |           |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |           |    |
| PLMN in   |           |           |           |           |    |
| VPLMN is  |           |           |           |           |    |
| operator  |           |           |           |           |    |
| specific  |           |           |           |           |    |
| setting   |           |           |           |           |    |
| (Refer to |           |           |           |           |    |
| TS 23.122 |           |           |           |           |    |
| Rel-12).  |           |           |           |           |    |
| Hence,    |           |           |           |           |    |
| window    |           |           |           |           |    |
| between   |           |           |           |           |    |
| 120s to   |           |           |           |           |    |
| T+        |           |           |           |           |    |
| Tolerance |           |           |           |           |    |
| is being  |           |           |           |           |    |
| used ,    |           |           |           |           |    |
| where the |           |           |           |           |    |
| high      |           |           |           |           |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |           |    |
| PLMN      |           |           |           |           |    |
| search    |           |           |           |           |    |
| timer T   |           |           |           |           |    |
| defined   |           |           |           |           |    |
| by        |           |           |           |           |    |
| EFHPPLMN. |           |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
| Note 3:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| Tolerance |           |           |           |           |    |
| of 2min   |           |           |           |           |    |
| is added  |           |           |           |           |    |
| to allow  |           |           |           |           |    |
| time for  |           |           |           |           |    |
| the UE to |           |           |           |           |    |
| find the  |           |           |           |           |    |
| proper    |           |           |           |           |    |
| PLMN.     |           |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+

6.3.2.4.5 Specific message contents

**Table 6.3.2.4.5-1: *DL NAS TRANSPORT Message for NR Cell 12* (step 22,
Table 6.3.2.4.4-1)**

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-11 with condition 5GS\_SOR\_CMCI.                                                                                                                                
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------
  **Information Element**                                                            **Value/remark**        **Comment**                                                                                          **Condition**
  Payload container                                                                  Present                 The SOR transparent container in the payload container IE carries steering of roaming information.   
  SOR transparent container                                                          Present                 The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.                               
  SOR header                                                                                                 1 octet                                                                                              
  Additional parameters (AP) value                                                   1                       Additional parameters included                                                                       
  Length of PLMN ID and access technology list                                       '05'O                                                                                                                        
  PLMN ID and access technology list                                                                                                                                                                              
  PLMN ID 1                                                                          PLMN2                                                                                                                        
  access technology identifier 1                                                     NG-RAN                                                                                                                       
  SOR-CMCI                                                                           Present                                                                                                                      
  Length of SOR-CMCI contents                                                                                Length value of SOR-CMCI rule1                                                                       
  SOR-CMCI rule 1                                                                                                                                                                                                 
  Length of SOR-CMCI rule contents                                                                           Length value of SOR-CMCI rule contents                                                               
  Tsor-cm timer value                                                                '00100001'B             60s                                                                                                  
  Criterion type                                                                     '00000001'B             DNN                                                                                                  
  Criterion value                                                                    pc\_APN\_ID\_Internet                                                                                                        

**Table 6.3.2.4.5-2: *UL NAS TRANSPORT Message for NR Cell 12* (step 24,
Table 6.3.2.4.4-1)**

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-10 with condition 5GS\_SOR\_CMCI.                                                                                                                           
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------
  **Information Element**                                                            **Value/remark**   **Comment**                                                                                          **Condition**
  Payload container                                                                  Present            The SOR transparent container in the payload container IE carries steering of roaming information.   
  SOR transparent container                                                          Present            The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.                               
  SOR header                                                                                            1 octet                                                                                              
  ME support of SOR-CMCI indicator (MSSI) value                                      1                  SOR-CMCI supported by the ME                                                                         

**Table 6.3.2.4.5-3: *DL NAS TRANSPORT Message for NR Cell 12* (step 25,
Table 6.3.2.4.4-1)**

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-11 with condition 5GS\_SOR\_CMCI.                                                                                                                                
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------
  **Information Element**                                                            **Value/remark**        **Comment**                                                                                          **Condition**
  Payload container                                                                  Present                 The SOR transparent container in the payload container IE carries steering of roaming information.   
  SOR transparent container                                                          Present                 The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.                               
  SOR header                                                                                                 1 octet                                                                                              
  Additional parameters (AP) value                                                   1                       Additional parameters included                                                                       
  Length of PLMN ID and access technology list                                                                                                                                                                    
  PLMN ID and access technology list                                                                                                                                                                              
  PLMN ID 1                                                                          PLMN2                                                                                                                        
  access technology identifier 1                                                     NG-RAN                                                                                                                       
  SOR-CMCI                                                                           Present                                                                                                                      
  Length of SOR-CMCI contents                                                                                                                                                                                     
  SOR-CMCI rule 1                                                                                                                                                                                                 
  Length of SOR-CMCI rule contents                                                                                                                                                                                
  Tsor-cm timer value                                                                00000101                10s                                                                                                  
  Criterion type                                                                     00000001                DNN                                                                                                  
  Criterion value                                                                    pc\_APN\_ID\_Internet                                                                                                        

**Table 6.3.2.4.5-4: *UL NAS TRANSPORT Message for NR Cell 12* (step 28,
Table 6.3.2.4.4-1)**

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-10 with condition 5GS\_SOR\_CMCI.                                                                                                                           
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------
  **Information Element**                                                            **Value/remark**   **Comment**                                                                                          **Condition**
  Payload container                                                                  Present            The SOR transparent container in the payload container IE carries steering of roaming information.   
  SOR transparent container                                                          Present            The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.                               
  SOR header                                                                                            1 octet                                                                                              
  ME support of SOR-CMCI indicator (MSSI) value                                      1                  SOR-CMCI supported by the ME                                                                         

Table 6.3.2.4.5-5: DEREGISTRATION REQUEST for NR Cell 12 (Step 29, Table
6.3.2.4.4-1)

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.7.1-12 with condition NORMAL.
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

#### 6.3.2.5 Steering of UE in roaming after registration / SOR-CMCI rule / DNN of the PDU session / store SOR-CMCI in ME / DL NAS transport

##### 6.3.2.5.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-74 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-138 .H6}

**with** { UE being in automatic PLMN selection mode and UE has
registered onto a VPLMN with an established PDU session }

**ensure** **that** {

**when** { UE receives SOR Transparent container included in DL NAS
TRANSPORT message contains steering of roaming information with the
SOR-CMCI field which includes Tsor-cm timer and Criterion type with
setting as DNN of the PDU session and UE sends an SOR transparent
container with ACK in UL NAS TRANSPORT message, and, power off and on
the UE, and, UE has registered onto a VPLMN with an established PDU
session }

**then** { UE sends DEREGISTRATION REQUEST message after Tsor-cm timer
expires and selects higher priority PLMN after DEREGISTRATION procedure
is completed successfully }

}

##### 6.3.2.5.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-74 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 23.122, clause C.4.1, C.4.2, and C.4.3. Unless
otherwise stated these are Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.4.1\]

The HPLMN or subscribed SNPN, based on operator policy, may provide the
UE with SOR-CMCI to control the timing when the UE enters idle mode and
performs higher priority PLMN/access technology or SNPN selection. This
is achieved by the HPLMN indicating to the UE the criteria for releasing
specific PDU session(s) or services and entering idle mode.

NOTE 1: The released PDU sessions may be re-established by the
application once the UE successfully registers on a higher priority PLMN
or SNPN. User interaction is required for some applications.

The HPLMN or subscribed SNPN may configure the SOR-CMCI in the UE, and
may also provide the SOR-CMCI to the UE over N1 NAS signalling. The
SOR-CMCI received over N1 NAS signalling takes precedence over the
SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the ME or stored in the
USIM.

NOTE 2: The SOR-CMCI received over N1 NAS signalling in the SOR
information is either the SOR-CMCI in the USAT REFRESH with command
qualifier of type \"Steering of Roaming\" (see 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\])
which is received in a secured packet, or the SOR-CMCI received in plain
text.

If the UE receives SOR information containing the list of preferred
PLMN/access technology combinations or SOR-SNPN-SI without SOR-CMCI, or
the ME receives USAT REFRESH with command qualifier (see
3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]) of type \"Steering of Roaming\" without SOR-CMCI,
or the security check of the received steering of roaming information is
not successful as described in clause C.2, clause C.3 and clause C.4.3,
then:

> 1\) if the UE has SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the
> ME, the UE shall use the SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of
> the ME; and
>
> 2\) if the UE has no SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the
> ME, the UE shall use the SOR-CMCI stored in the USIM, if any.

The UE shall delete the stored SOR-CMCI, if any, in the non-volatile
memory of the ME and store the received SOR-CMCI in the non-volatile
memory of the ME when:

> 1\) the ME receives SOR-CMCI in the USAT REFRESH with command
> qualifier (see 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]) of type \"Steering of Roaming\";
> or
>
> 2\) the UE receives the steering of roaming information containing the
> SOR-CMCI over N1 NAS signalling and the UE receives the \"Store
> SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator set to \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\";

The SOR-CMCI shall be stored in the non-volatile memory of the ME
together with the SUPI from the USIM. The ME shall not delete the
SOR-CMCI when the UE is switched off. The ME shall delete the SOR-CMCI
when a new USIM is inserted.

SOR-CMCI consists of SOR-CMCI rules. Each SOR-CMCI rule consists of the
following parameters:

> i\) a criterion of one of the following types:
>
> \- PDU session attribute type criterion;
>
> \- service type criterion;
>
> \- SOR security check criterion; or
>
> \- match all type criterion; and
>
> ii\) a value for Tsor-cm timer associated with each criterion
> presented in i) indicating the time the UE shall wait before releasing
> the PDU sessions or the services and entering idle mode.

SOR-CMCI contains zero, one or more SOR-CMCI rules with PDU session
attribute type criterion, zero, one or more SOR-CMCI rules with service
type criterion, and zero or one SOR-CMCI rule with match all type
criterion.

PDU session attribute type criterion consists of one of the following:

> a\) DNN of the PDU session;
>
> b\) S-NSSAI STT of the PDU session; or
>
> c\) S-NSSAI SST and SD of the PDU session.

Service type criterion consists of one of the following:

> a\) IMS registration related signalling;
>
> b\) MMTEL voice call;
>
> c\) MMTEL video call; or
>
> d\) SMS over NAS or SMSoIP.

SOR security check criterion consists of:

> a\) SOR security check not successful.

Match all type criterion consists of:

> a\) match all.

When the SOR-CMCI received by the UE over N1 NAS signalling contains no
SOR-CMCI rules, the UE shall stop all running Tsor-cm timers, if any,
and act as if no SOR-CMCI is configured. Additionally:

> \- if the SOR-CMCI is received in plain text and it also contains the
> \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, the UE shall delete the stored
> SOR-CMCI in the non-volatile memory of the ME, if any; and
>
> \- if the SOR-CMCI is received in a secured packet, and the USIM
> provides the ME with the SOR-CMCI in the USAT REFRESH with command
> qualifier of type \"Steering of Roaming\" (see 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]),
> then the UE shall delete the stored SOR-CMCI in the non-volatile
> memory of the ME, if any.

The HPLMN may update the SOR-CMCI in the USIM such that it contains no
SOR-CMCI rules, in which case the UE behaviour described in clause C.4.2
applies. Also the HPLMN may make the SOR-CMCI file in the USIM
unavailable (see 3GPP TS 31.102 \[40\]).

If there are more than one criterion applicable for a PDU session (e.g.,
a criterion for the PDU session and another one for the service) then
the Tsor-cm timer with the highest value shall apply.

If there are more than one criterion applicable to different ongoing PDU
sessions or services leading to multiple applicable Tsor-cm timers, then
all the applicable Tsor-cm timers shall be started. Further handling of
such cases is described in clause C.4.2.

If the value for Tsor-cm timer equals \"infinity\" then the UE shall
wait until the PDU session is released or the service is stopped.

The Tsor-cm timer is applicable only if the UE is in automatic network
selection mode.

Upon switching to the manual network selection mode, the UE shall stop
any Tsor-cm timer, if running. In this case, the UE is not required to
enter idle mode and perform the de-registration procedure.

The UE shall consider the following services as exempted from being
forced to release the related established PDU session, if any, enter
idle mode and perform high priority PLMN/access technology or SNPN
selection. These services are known to the UE by default and the UE
shall not follow the SOR-CMCI criteria even if configured to interrupt
such services:

> i\) emergency services.

The UE configured with high priority access in the selected PLMN or SNPN
shall consider all services and all related established PDU sessions, if
any, to be exempted from being forced to be released to enter idle mode
and perform high priority PLMN/access technology or SNPN selection.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.4.2\]

During SOR procedure and while applying SOR-CMCI, the UE shall determine
the time to release the PDU session(s) or the services as follows:

> \- If the UE encounters SOR security check not successful on the
> received steering of roaming information, and a matching criterion
> \"SOR security check not successful\" is included in the SOR-CMCI
> stored in the non-volatile memory of the ME, then the UE shall:
>
> \- if the timer value is not zero, start an associated Tsor-cm timer
> with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> \- stop all other running Tsor-cm timers, if any; and
>
> \- not start any new Tsor-cm timer while Tsor-cm timer associated with
> \"SOR security check not successful\" criterion is running;
>
> \- If one or more SOR-CMCI rules are included in SOR-CMCI, where for
> each criterion:
>
> a\) DNN of the PDU session:
>
> the UE shall check whether it has a PDU session with a DNN matching to
> the DNN included in SOR-CMCI, and if any, the UE shall, if the timer
> value is not zero, start an associated Tsor-cm timer with the value
> included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> b\) S-NSSAI SST of the PDU session:
>
> the UE shall check whether it has a PDU session with a S-NSSAI SST
> matching the S-NSSAI SST included in SOR-CMCI, and if any, the UE
> shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an associated Tsor-cm
> timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> b1) S-NSSAI SST and SD of the PDU session:
>
> the UE shall check whether it has a PDU session with a S-NSSAI SST and
> SD matching the S-NSSAI SST and SD included in SOR-CMCI, and if any,
> the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an associated
> Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> c\) IMS registration related signalling:
>
> the UE shall check whether IMS registration related signalling is
> ongoing, and if it is ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not
> zero, start an associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the
> SOR-CMCI;
>
> d\) MMTEL voice call:
>
> the UE shall check whether MMTEL voice call is ongoing, and if it is
> ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an
> associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> e\) MMTEL video call:
>
> the UE shall check whether MMTEL video call is ongoing, and if it is
> ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an
> associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> f\) SMS over NAS or SMSoIP:
>
> the UE shall check whether SMS over NAS or SMSoIP services is ongoing,
> and if it is ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero,
> start an associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the
> SOR-CMCI; or
>
> g\) match all:
>
> the UE shall check whether there are any PDU sessions or services for
> which there is no matching criterion in a) to f) above. If such PDU
> session or service exists, then for each of these PDU sessions or
> services, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an
> associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI.

If the SOR-CMCI is available, and:

> \- the SOR-CMCI used is in the USIM, contains no SOR-CMCI rule;
>
> \- there are one or more SOR-CMCI rules but there is no criterion
> matched with any ongoing PDU session or service; or
>
> \- there are one or more SOR-CMCI rules and there is one or more
> criteria matched with an ongoing PDU session or service, but the
> highest Tsor-cm timer value associated with the matched criteria is
> equal to zero;

then there is no Tsor-cm timer started for any PDU session or service.

While one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, the UE shall check the
newly established PDU session or service for a matching criterion in the
SOR-CMCI:

> \- If a matching criterion is found and the applicable Tsor-cm timer
> indicated the value \"infinity\" then the UE shall start the Tsor-cm
> timer associated to the newly established PDU session or service with
> the value set to infinity; or
>
> \- For all other cases, if a matching criterion is found and the timer
> value is not zero then the UE shall start the Tsor-cm timer associated
> to the newly established PDU session or service with the value
> included in the SOR-CMCI, with the exception that if the value of the
> Tsor-cm timer included in the SOR-CMCI exceeds the highest value among
> the current values of all running Tsor-cm timers, then the value of
> the Tsor-cm timer for the newly established PDU session or service
> shall be set to the highest value among the current values of all
> running Tsor-cm timers.

NOTE 1: For newly established PDU session or service as described above,
the timer is set irrespective of whether other ongoing PDU sessions or
services that match the same criteria exist and for which corresponding
Tsor-cm timers are running.

NOTE 2: NAS 5GMM layer will receive an explicit indication from the
upper layers that a service is started or stopped. When a service is
started, it is handled as a new service in the procedures described in
this clause.

NOTE 3: While one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, the UE can trigger
any 5GSM procedure or start new services.

While one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, upon receiving a new
SOR-CMCI as described in annex C.4.3, the UE shall check if there is a
matching criterion found for any ongoing PDU session or service in the
new SOR-CMCI:

> \- if a matching criterion is found and the value of Tsor-cm timer in
> the new SOR-CMCI indicates the value \"infinity\", then:
>
> a\) if the Tsor-cm timer associated to the PDU session or service is
> not running, then the UE shall start the Tsor-cm timer associated to
> the PDU session or service with the value set to infinity; or
>
> b\) if the Tsor-cm timer associated to the PDU session or service is
> already running, then the UE shall set the value of the Tsor-cm timer
> associated to the PDU session or service to infinity without stopping
> and restarting the timer;
>
> \- if a matching criterion is found and the value of Tsor-cm timer in
> the new SOR-CMCI is other than infinity and is smaller than the
> current value of the running Tsor-cm timer for the associated PDU
> session or service, then the Tsor-cm timer value for the associated
> PDU session or service shall be replaced with the value in the new
> SOR-CMCI without stopping and restarting the timer; or
>
> \- for all other cases, the running Tsor-cm timers for the associated
> PDU sessions or services are kept unchanged.

The Tsor-cm timer shall be stopped when the associated PDU session is
released or the associated service is stopped.

If the security check on the received steering of roaming information is
successful, the UE shall stop the Tsor-cm timer associated with \"SOR
security check not successful\", if running, and act on the received
steering of roaming information. The current PLMN or SNPN is not
considered as lowest priority.

NOTE 4: This also applies to the case when the current PLMN or SNPN is
different from the PLMN or SNPN in which the Tsor-cm timer associated
with \"SOR security check not successful\" was started.

If the UE, while one or more Tsor-cm timers are running:

> a\) enters idle mode not due to lower layer failure (see
> 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]);
>
> b\) is not able to successfully recover the N1 NAS signalling
> connection (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]); or
>
> c\) enters 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
> 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]);

then the UE shall stop the timer(s). In these cases, if:

> a\) the UE has a list of available and allowable PLMNs or SNPNs in the
> area and based on this list or any other implementation specific
> means, the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN or SNPN
> than the selected VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN; or
>
> b\) the UE does not have a list of available and allowable PLMNs or
> SNPNs in the area and is unable to determine whether there is a higher
> priority PLMN or SNPN than the selected VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN
> using any other implementation specific means;

then the UE shall attempt to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN or
SNPN as specified in clause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T that
controls periodic attempts has expired or as specified in clause 4.9.3.

NOTE 5: When the UE enters idle mode due to lower layer failure while
one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, then the UE does not stop
Tsor-cm timer(s) as recovery of NAS signalling connection is possible
(see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).

When the UE determines that no Tsor-cm timer is started for any PDU
session or service, the last running Tsor-cm timer is stopped due to
release of the associated PDU sessions or stop of the associated
services, or the last running Tsor-cm timer expires, if:

> i\) the UE has a list of available and allowable PLMNs or SNPNs in the
> area and based on this list or any other implementation specific
> means, the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN or SNPN
> than the selected VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN; or
>
> ii\) the UE does not have a list of available and allowable PLMNs or
> SNPNs in the area and is unable to determine whether there is a higher
> priority PLMN or SNPN than the selected VPLMN or non-subscribed
> SNPNusing any other implementation specific means;

then if the UE is in 5GMM-CONNECTED mode, the UE shall perform the
deregistration procedure (see clause 4.2.2.3 of 3GPP TS 23.502 \[63\])
that releases all the established PDU sessions and services, if any, and
once the UE enters idle mode it shall attempt to obtain service on a
higher priority PLMN or SNPN as specified in clause 4.4.3.3 by acting as
if timer T that controls periodic attempts has expired or as specified
in clause 4.9.3.

NOTE 6: The list of available and allowable PLMNs or SNPNs in the area
is implementation specific.

The UE which has an emergency PDU session, receives a request from the
upper layers to establish an emergency PDU session or perform emergency
services fallback, registers for emergency services, or is configured
for high priority access in the selected PLMN or SNPN is not required to
enter idle mode if the last running Tsor-cm timer for any PDU session or
service stops or expires. In this case, the UE shall attempt to perform
the PLMN or SNPN selection after the emergency PDU session or the high
priority service is released and after the UE enters idle mode or
5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).

If the UE selects a cell of any access technology other than NG-RAN, the
ongoing SOR procedure is terminated and the UE shall stop applying
SOR-CMCI and stop all running Tsor-cm timers without triggering any
further actions.

NOTE 7: If the UE is served by any access technology other than NG-RAN,
the HPLMN can initiate a steering of roaming procedure as specified in
clause 4.4.6.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.4.3\]

The stage-2 flow for providing UE with SOR-CMCI in HPLMN, VPLMN,
subscribed SNPN or non-subscribed SNPN after registration is indicated
in figure C.4.3.1, when the ME supports the SOR-CMCI. The selected PLMN
or SNPN can be the HPLMN, a VPLMN, the subscribed SNPN or a
non-subscribed SNPN. The AMF is located in the selected PLMN or SNPN.
The UDM is located in the HPLMN or the subscribed SNPN.

In this procedure, the SOR-CMCI is sent without the list of preferred
PLMN/access technology combinations and the SOR-SNPN-SI. In this
procedure, the SOR-CMCI is sent in plain text or is sent within the
secured packet.

NOTE 1: The SOR-AF can determine that the ME supports the SOR-CMCI if
the Nsoraf\_SoR\_Info service operation has returned the \"ME support of
SOR-CMCI\" indicator. The UDM can determine that the ME supports the
SOR-CMCI if the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator is stored for the
UE. How the SOR-AF determines that the USIM for the indicated SUPI
supports SOR-CMCI is implementation specific.

NOTE 2: The secured packet provided by the SOR-AF can include SOR-CMCI
only if the SOR-AF has determined that the ME supports the SOR-CMCI and
the USIM of the indicated SUPI supports SOR-CMCI. Otherwise if only the
\"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator is stored for the UE, then
SOR-CMCI, if any, cannot be included in the secured packet.

The procedure is triggered:

> \- If the UDM supports obtaining the parameters of the list of
> preferred PLMN/access technology combinations, the SOR-SNPN-SI, the
> SOR-CMCI, and the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if any, or a
> secured packet from the SOR-AF, the HPLMN or subscribed SNPN policy
> for the SOR-AF invocation is present in the UDM and the SOR-AF
> provides the UDM with the SOR-CMCI for a UE identified by SUPI; or
>
> \- When the SOR-CMCI becomes available in the UDM (i.e., retrieved
> from the UDR).

Figure C.4.3.1: Procedure for configuring UE with SOR-CMCI after
registration

For the steps below, security protection is described in
3GPP TS 33.501 \[24\].

> 1\) The SOR-AF to the UDM: Nudm\_ParameterProvision\_Update request is
> sent to the UDM to trigger the update of the UE with the SOR-CMCI (in
> plain text or secured packet). In case of providing SOR-CMCI in plain
> text, include the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if applicable.
> In case of providing SOR-CMCI in a secured packet, include an
> indication that \"the list of preferred PLMN/access technology
> combinations is not included in the secured packet\".
>
> 2\) The UDM to the AMF: The UDM notifies the changes of the user
> profile to the affected AMF by the means of invoking
> Nudm\_SDM\_Notification service operation. The Nudm\_SDM\_Notification
> service operation contains the steering of roaming information that
> needs to be delivered transparently to the UE over NAS within the
> Access and Mobility Subscription data. If the HPLMN or subscribed SNPN
> decided that the UE is to acknowledge successful security check of the
> received steering of roaming information, the Nudm\_SDM\_Notification
> service operation also contains an indication that the UDM requests an
> acknowledgement from the UE as part of the steering of roaming
> information. The UDM:
>
> \- upon receiving the SOR-CMCI (in plain text), shall:
>
> i\) if the UE is registered in the HPLMN or a VPLMN, include the
> SOR-CMCI, the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if any, and the
> HPLMN indication that \'no change of the \"Operator Controlled PLMN
> Selector with Access Technology\" list stored in the UE is needed and
> thus no list of preferred PLMN/access technology combinations is
> provided\';
>
> ii\) if the UE is registered in a non-subscribed SNPN, include the
> SOR-CMCI, the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if any, and the
> HPLMN or subscribed SNPN indication that \'no change of the
> SOR-SNPN-SI stored in the UE is needed and thus no SOR-SNPN-SI is
> provided\'; and
>
> iii\) if the UE is registered in a subscribed SNPN and the AMF has
> reported to the UDM that the UE supports SOR-SNPN-SI, include the
> SOR-CMCI, the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if any, and the
> HPLMN or subscribed SNPN indication that \'no change of the
> SOR-SNPN-SI stored in the UE is needed and thus no SOR-SNPN-SI is
> provided\'; or
>
> \- upon receiving the SOR-CMCI in secured packet, shall include the
> secured packet into the steering of roaming information;

NOTE 3: The UDM considers \"the list of preferred PLMN/access technology
combinations is not included in the secured packet\" received together
with the secured packet from the SOR-AF to indicate that the UE is not
expected to perform SOR based on the associated steering of roaming
information sent to the UE. However, the SOR-CMCI included in the
secured packet can be applied by the UE if the UE has one or more
Tsor-cm timers running as described in C.4.2.

NOTE 4: The UDM cannot provide the SOR-CMCI, if any, to the AMF which
does not support receiving SoR transparent container (see
3GPP TS 29.503 \[78\]).

> 3\) The AMF to the UE: the AMF sends a DL NAS TRANSPORT message to the
> served UE. The AMF includes in the DL NAS TRANSPORT message the
> steering of roaming information received from the UDM.
>
> 4\) Upon receiving the steering of roaming information containing the
> SOR-CMCI and the HPLMN indication that \'no change of the \"Operator
> Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" list stored in the
> UE is needed and thus no list of preferred PLMN/access technology
> combinations is provided\' or the HPLMN or subscribed SNPN indication
> that \'no change of the SOR-SNPN-SI stored in the UE is needed and
> thus no SOR-SNPN-SI is provided\', or the secured packet, the UE shall
> perform a security check on the steering of roaming information
> included in the DL NAS TRANSPORT message to verify that the steering
> of roaming information is provided by HPLMN or subscribed SNPN, and:
>
> a\) if the security check is successful, the UE shall store the
> SOR-CMCI according to clause C.4.1. If the UE has one or more Tsor-cm
> timers running, the UE shall apply the received SOR-CMCI as described
> in C.4.2.
>
> If the steering of roaming information contains a secured packet and
> the UDM has requested an acknowledgement from the UE in the DL NAS
> TRANSPORT message, the UE sends an UL NAS TRANSPORT message to the
> serving AMF with an SOR transparent container including the UE
> acknowledgement and the UE shall set the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\"
> indicator to \"supported\" only after the ME receives UICC responses
> indicating that the UICC has received the secured packet successfully.
> Otherwise, if the UDM has requested an acknowledgement from the UE in
> the DL NAS TRANSPORT message, the UE sends an UL NAS TRANSPORT message
> to the serving AMF with an SOR transparent container including the UE
> acknowledgement and the UE shall set the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\"
> indicator to \"supported\". Additionally, if the UE supports access to
> an SNPN using credentials from a credentials holder and the UE is in a
> PLMN, the UE may set the \"ME support of SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator to
> \"supported\".
>
> If the UDM has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE then step
> 5 is skipped; and
>
> b\) if the selected PLMN is a VPLMN or a non-subscribed SNPN, the
> security check is not successful and the UE is in automatic network
> selection mode, then:
>
> \- if the UE has a SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the
> ME, the current PLMN is considered as lowest priority and the UE shall
> apply the actions in clause C.4.2;
>
> \- otherwise, the UE shall wait until it moves to idle mode or
> 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
> 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) before attempting to obtain service on a higher
> priority PLMN as specified in clause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T
> that controls periodic attempts has expired, with an exception that
> the current PLMN is considered as lowest priority, or before
> attempting to obtain service on a higher priority SNPN as specified in
> clause 4.9.3, with an exception that the current registered SNPN is
> considered as lowest priority. If the selected PLMN or SNPN is a VPLMN
> or a non-subscribed SNPN and the UE has an established emergency PDU
> session then the UE shall attempt to perform the PLMN selection after
> the emergency PDU session is released and after the UE enters idle
> mode or 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
> 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).
>
> Step 5 is skipped;

NOTE 5: When the UE is in the manual mode of operation or the current
chosen VPLMN is part of the \"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access
Technology\" list or the current chosen non-subscribed SNPN is part of
the user controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs for the selected
entry of the \"list of subscriber data\" the selected PLMN subscription,
the UE stays on the VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN.

> 5\) The AMF to the UDM: If the UL NAS TRANSPORT message with an SOR
> transparent container is received, the AMF uses the Nudm\_SDM\_Info
> service operation to provide the received SOR transparent container to
> the UDM. If the HPLMN decided that the UE is to acknowledge successful
> security check of the received steering of roaming information in step
> 2, the UDM verifies that the acknowledgement is provided by the UE.
> The UDM shall store the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator and the
> \"ME support of SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator, if any; and
>
> 6\) The UDM to the SOR-AF: Nsoraf\_SoR\_Info (SUPI of the UE,
> successful delivery, \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator, \"ME
> support of SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator, if any). If the HPLMN policy for
> the SOR-AF invocation is present and the HPLMN UDM received and
> verified the UE acknowledgement in step 5, then the UDM informs the
> SOR-AF about successful delivery of the SOR-CMCI to the UE. The UDM
> shall include the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator and the \"ME
> support of SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator, if any.

If the selected PLMN is a VPLMN or a non-subscribed SNPN and:

> \- the UE in manual mode of operation encounters security check
> failure of SOR information in DL NAS TRANSPORT message; and
>
> \- upon switching to automatic network selection mode the UE remembers
> that it is still registered on the PLMN the non-subscribed SNPN where
> the security check failure of SOR information was encountered;

the UE shall wait until it moves to idle mode or 5GMM-CONNECTED mode
with RRC inactive indication (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) before
attempting to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN as specified in
clause 4.4.3.3, by acting as if timer T that controls periodic attempts
has expired, with an exception that the current registered PLMN is
considered as lowest priority, or before attempting to obtained service
on a higher priority SNPN as specified in clause 4.9.3, with an
exception that the current registered SNPN is considered as lowest
priority. If the selected PLMN is a VPLMN or the selected SNPN is a
non-subscribed SNPN and the UE has an established emergency PDU session
then the UE shall attempt to perform the PLMN selection after the
emergency PDU session is released and after the UE enters idle mode or
5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).

NOTE 6: The receipt of the steering of roaming information by itself
does not trigger the release of the emergency PDU session.

##### 6.3.2.5.3 Test description {#test-description-73 .H6}

##### 6.3.2.5.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-73 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-55 .H6}

\- Two inter-frequency multi-PLMN NR Cells as specified in TS 38.508-1
\[4\] Table 4.4.2-1 are configured broadcasting PLMNs as indicated in
Table 6.3.2.5.3.1-1.

\- The PLMNs are identified in the test by the identifiers in Table
6.3.2.5.3.1-1. The MCC and MNC values of PLMN identifiers are specified
in TS 36.523-1 \[13\], Table 6.0.1-1.

Table 6.3.2.5.3.1-1: PLMN identifiers

  **NR Cell**   **PLMN names**
  ------------- ----------------
                
  NR Cell 11    PLMN2
  NR Cell 12    PLMN13

\- NR Cell 11 is set to \"Serving Cell\";

\- NR Cell 12 is set to \"Serving Cell\";

\- System Information Combination NR-4 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-69 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic PLMN selection mode.

\- USIM configuration as defined in Table 6.4.1-21 of TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
will be used.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-72 .H6}

\- The UE is switched on and brought to state 3N-A, RRC\_CONNECTED
Connectivity (NR), in accordance with the procedure described in TS
38.508-1 \[4\], clause 4.5.4 need to be performed on NR Cell 12.

##### 6.3.2.5.4 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-73 .H6}

Table 6.3.2.5.4-1: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| St        | Procedure | Message   | TP        | Verdict |    |
|           |           | Sequence  |           |         |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+=========+====+
|           |           | U - S     | Message   |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1-21a1    | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 22        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | DLI       |         |    |
|           | an        |           | nformatio |         |    |
|           | DLI       |           | nTransfer |         |    |
|           | nformatio |           |           |         |    |
|           | nTransfer |           | *5GMM:*   |         |    |
|           | message   |           | *DL NAS   |         |    |
|           | c         |           | T         |         |    |
|           | ontaining |           | RANSPORT* |         |    |
|           | steering  |           |           |         |    |
|           | of        |           |           |         |    |
|           | roaming   |           |           |         |    |
|           | in        |           |           |         |    |
|           | formation |           |           |         |    |
|           | i         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ndicating |           |           |         |    |
|           | list of   |           |           |         |    |
|           | preferred |           |           |         |    |
|           | PL        |           |           |         |    |
|           | MN/access |           |           |         |    |
|           | t         |           |           |         |    |
|           | echnology |           |           |         |    |
|           | co        |           |           |         |    |
|           | mbination |           |           |         |    |
|           | provided  |           |           |         |    |
|           | with      |           |           |         |    |
|           | ackno     |           |           |         |    |
|           | wledgment |           |           |         |    |
|           | requested |           |           |         |    |
|           | from the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE for    |           |           |         |    |
|           | s         |           |           |         |    |
|           | uccessful |           |           |         |    |
|           | r         |           |           |         |    |
|           | eception. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 23        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | starts    |           |           |         |    |
|           | timer     |           |           |         |    |
|           | with      |           |           |         |    |
|           | Tsor-cm   |           |           |         |    |
|           | timer     |           |           |         |    |
|           | value =   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 60s.      |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 24        | The UE    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | ULI       |         |    |
|           | an        |           | nformatio |         |    |
|           | ULI       |           | nTransfer |         |    |
|           | nformatio |           |           |         |    |
|           | nTransfer |           | *5GMM:UL  |         |    |
|           | message   |           | NAS       |         |    |
|           | carrying  |           | T         |         |    |
|           | acknow    |           | RANSPORT* |         |    |
|           | ledgement |           |           |         |    |
|           | of        |           |           |         |    |
|           | s         |           |           |         |    |
|           | uccessful |           |           |         |    |
|           | reception |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | steering  |           |           |         |    |
|           | of        |           |           |         |    |
|           | roaming   |           |           |         |    |
|           | inf       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ormation. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 25a1-25b1 | Steps 5a1 | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | to 5b1 of |           |           |         |    |
|           | Switch    |           |           |         |    |
|           | off       |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.9.6.3-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 12   |           |           |         |    |
|           | before    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Tsor-cm   |           |           |         |    |
|           | timer     |           |           |         |    |
|           | expires.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 26        | Power on  | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | the UE or |           |           |         |    |
|           | insert    |           |           |         |    |
|           | USIM      |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 27-39     | Steps 1   | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | to 13 of  |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | subclause |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 12.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 40        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | DLI       |         |    |
|           | an        |           | nformatio |         |    |
|           | *DLIn     |           | nTransfer |         |    |
|           | formation |           |           |         |    |
|           | Transfer* |           | 5GMM:     |         |    |
|           | message   |           | REG       |         |    |
|           | and an    |           | ISTRATION |         |    |
|           | REG       |           | ACCEPT    |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | ACCEPT    |           |           |         |    |
|           | message.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 41-42     | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 43        | The UE    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | ULI       |         |    |
|           | an        |           | nformatio |         |    |
|           | *ULIn     |           | nTransfer |         |    |
|           | formation |           |           |         |    |
|           | Transfer* |           | 5GMM:     |         |    |
|           | message   |           | REG       |         |    |
|           | and       |           | ISTRATION |         |    |
|           | REG       |           | COMPLETE  |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | COMPLETE  |           |           |         |    |
|           | message.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 44a1      | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 44A       | Steps     | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | 19a1 to   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 19Ba2 of  |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | subclause |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 12.  |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | Note: At  |           |           |         |    |
|           | least one |           |           |         |    |
|           | PDU       |           |           |         |    |
|           | session   |           |           |         |    |
|           | is        |           |           |         |    |
|           | es        |           |           |         |    |
|           | tablished |           |           |         |    |
|           | suc       |           |           |         |    |
|           | cessfully |           |           |         |    |
|           | after     |           |           |         |    |
|           | step 43.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 44AA      | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | DLI       |         |    |
|           | an        |           | nformatio |         |    |
|           | DLI       |           | nTransfer |         |    |
|           | nformatio |           |           |         |    |
|           | nTransfer |           | *5GMM:*   |         |    |
|           | message   |           | *DL NAS   |         |    |
|           | c         |           | T         |         |    |
|           | ontaining |           | RANSPORT* |         |    |
|           | steering  |           |           |         |    |
|           | of        |           |           |         |    |
|           | roaming   |           |           |         |    |
|           | in        |           |           |         |    |
|           | formation |           |           |         |    |
|           | i         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ndicating |           |           |         |    |
|           | list of   |           |           |         |    |
|           | preferred |           |           |         |    |
|           | PL        |           |           |         |    |
|           | MN/access |           |           |         |    |
|           | t         |           |           |         |    |
|           | echnology |           |           |         |    |
|           | co        |           |           |         |    |
|           | mbination |           |           |         |    |
|           | provided  |           |           |         |    |
|           | with      |           |           |         |    |
|           | ackno     |           |           |         |    |
|           | wledgment |           |           |         |    |
|           | requested |           |           |         |    |
|           | from the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE for    |           |           |         |    |
|           | s         |           |           |         |    |
|           | uccessful |           |           |         |    |
|           | r         |           |           |         |    |
|           | eception, |           |           |         |    |
|           | but no    |           |           |         |    |
|           | SOR-CMCI  |           |           |         |    |
|           | field     |           |           |         |    |
|           | included. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 44B       | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | starts    |           |           |         |    |
|           | timer of  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Tsor-cm   |           |           |         |    |
|           | timer     |           |           |         |    |
|           | value =   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 60s.      |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 44C       | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | starts    |           |           |         |    |
|           | timer of  |           |           |         |    |
|           | tmax = (6 |           |           |         |    |
|           | minutes + |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |         |    |
|           | selection |           |           |         |    |
|           | time)     |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 2,  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 3 and 4)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 44D       | The UE    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | ULI       |         |    |
|           | an        |           | nformatio |         |    |
|           | ULI       |           | nTransfer |         |    |
|           | nformatio |           |           |         |    |
|           | nTransfer |           | *5GMM:UL  |         |    |
|           | message   |           | NAS       |         |    |
|           | carrying  |           | T         |         |    |
|           | acknow    |           | RANSPORT* |         |    |
|           | ledgement |           |           |         |    |
|           | of        |           |           |         |    |
|           | s         |           |           |         |    |
|           | uccessful |           |           |         |    |
|           | reception |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | steering  |           |           |         |    |
|           | of        |           |           |         |    |
|           | roaming   |           |           |         |    |
|           | inf       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ormation. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 45        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | ULI       |         |    |
|           | UE        |           | nformatio |         |    |
|           | transmit  |           | nTransfer |         |    |
|           | a         |           |           |         |    |
|           | DEREG     |           | 5GMM:     |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           | DEREG     |         |    |
|           | REQUEST   |           | ISTRATION |         |    |
|           | after     |           | REQUEST   |         |    |
|           | Tsor-cm   |           |           |         |    |
|           | timer     |           |           |         |    |
|           | expires?  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 46        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | DLI       |         |    |
|           | a         |           | nformatio |         |    |
|           | DEREG     |           | nTransfer |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | ACCEPT    |           | 5GMM:     |         |    |
|           | message.  |           | DEREG     |         |    |
|           |           |           | ISTRATION |         |    |
|           |           |           | ACCEPT    |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 46A       | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | releases  |           |           |         |    |
|           | the RRC   |           |           |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell 12.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 47        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | RRCSet    |         |    |
|           | UE        |           | upRequest |         |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11   |           |           |         |    |
|           | before    |           |           |         |    |
|           | tmax      |           |           |         |    |
|           | expires?  |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 2,  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 3 and 4)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 48-49     | Steps 3-4 | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | of Table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 50        | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 51-66a1   | Steps 5   | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | of Table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| If        |           |           |           |         |    |
| pc\_USIM  |           |           |           |         |    |
| \_Removal |           |           |           |         |    |
| is        |           |           |           |         |    |
| selected, |           |           |           |         |    |
| use same  |           |           |           |         |    |
| USIM.     |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Timer     |           |           |           |         |    |
| tmax in   |           |           |           |         |    |
| step 44C  |           |           |           |         |    |
| and 47    |           |           |           |         |    |
| are       |           |           |           |         |    |
| derived   |           |           |           |         |    |
| from the  |           |           |           |         |    |
| high      |           |           |           |         |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN      |           |           |           |         |    |
| search    |           |           |           |         |    |
| timer T   |           |           |           |         |    |
| defined   |           |           |           |         |    |
| by        |           |           |           |         |    |
| EFHPPLMN. |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note3:    |           |           |           |         |    |
| Following |           |           |           |         |    |
| attempts  |           |           |           |         |    |
| to access |           |           |           |         |    |
| the       |           |           |           |         |    |
| H         |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN/EHPL |           |           |           |         |    |
| MN/higher |           |           |           |         |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN in   |           |           |           |         |    |
| VPLMN is  |           |           |           |         |    |
| operator  |           |           |           |         |    |
| specific  |           |           |           |         |    |
| setting   |           |           |           |         |    |
| (Refer to |           |           |           |         |    |
| TS 23.122 |           |           |           |         |    |
| Rel-12).  |           |           |           |         |    |
| Hence,    |           |           |           |         |    |
| window    |           |           |           |         |    |
| between   |           |           |           |         |    |
| 120s to   |           |           |           |         |    |
| T+        |           |           |           |         |    |
| Tolerance |           |           |           |         |    |
| is being  |           |           |           |         |    |
| used ,    |           |           |           |         |    |
| where the |           |           |           |         |    |
| high      |           |           |           |         |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN      |           |           |           |         |    |
| search    |           |           |           |         |    |
| timer T   |           |           |           |         |    |
| defined   |           |           |           |         |    |
| by        |           |           |           |         |    |
| EFHPPLMN. |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 4:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Tolerance |           |           |           |         |    |
| of 2min   |           |           |           |         |    |
| is added  |           |           |           |         |    |
| to allow  |           |           |           |         |    |
| time for  |           |           |           |         |    |
| the UE to |           |           |           |         |    |
| find the  |           |           |           |         |    |
| proper    |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN.     |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+

6.3.2.5.5 Specific message contents

**Table 6.3.2.5.5-1: *DL NAS TRANSPORT Message for NR Cell 12* (steps 22
and 44** **D, Table 6.3.2.5.4-1)**

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-11 with condition 5GS\_SOR\_CMCI.                                                                                                                                
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------
  **Information Element**                                                            **Value/remark**        **Comment**                                                                                          **Condition**
  Payload container                                                                  Present                 The SOR transparent container in the payload container IE carries steering of roaming information.   
  Length of payload container contents                                                                       2 octet                                                                                              
  Payload container contents                                                                                                                                                                                      
  SOR transparent container                                                          Present                 The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.                               
  SOR header                                                                                                 1 octet                                                                                              
  Additional parameters (AP) value                                                   1                       Additional parameters included                                                                       
  Length of PLMN ID and access technology list                                       '05'O                                                                                                                        
  PLMN ID and access technology list                                                                                                                                                                              
  PLMN ID 1                                                                          PLMN2                                                                                                                        
  access technology identifier 1                                                     NG-RAN                                                                                                                       
  Store SOR-CMCI in ME indicator (SSCMI) value                                       1                       Store SOR-CMCI in ME                                                                                 
  SOR-CMCI                                                                           Present                                                                                                                      
  Length of SOR-CMCI contents                                                                                Length value of SOR-CMCI rule1                                                                       
  SOR-CMCI rule 1                                                                                                                                                                                                 
  Length of SOR-CMCI rule contents                                                                           Length value of SOR-CMCI rule contents                                                               
  Tsor-cm timer value                                                                '00100001'B             60s                                                                                                  
  Criterion type                                                                     '00000001'B             DNN                                                                                                  
  Criterion value                                                                    pc\_APN\_ID\_Internet                                                                                                        pc\_APN\_Default\_Configuration is set as Internet
                                                                                     pc\_APN\_ID\_IMS                                                                                                             pc\_APN\_Default\_Configuration set as IMS

**Table 6.3.2.5.5-2: *UL NAS TRANSPORT Message for NR Cell 12* (step 24,
Table 6.3.2.5.4-1)**

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-10 with condition 5GS\_SOR\_CMCI.                                                                                                                           
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------
  **Information Element**                                                            **Value/remark**   **Comment**                                                                                          **Condition**
  Payload container                                                                  Present            The SOR transparent container in the payload container IE carries steering of roaming information.   
  SOR transparent container                                                          Present            The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.                               
  SOR header                                                                                            1 octet                                                                                              
  ME support of SOR-CMCI indicator (MSSI) value                                      1                  SOR-CMCI supported by the ME                                                                         

Table 6.3.2.5.5-3 Void

Table 6.3.2.5.5-4: Void

Table 6.3.2.5.5-5: DEREGISTRATION REQUEST for NR Cell 12 (Step 45, Table
6.3.2.5.4-1)

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.7.1-12 with condition NORMAL.
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Table 6.3.2.5.5-6: *DL NAS TRANSPORT Message for NR Cell 12* (step
44AA, Table 6.3.2.5.4-1)**

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-11 with condition 5GS\_SOR\_CMCI.                                                                                                                           
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------
  **Information Element**                                                            **Value/remark**   **Comment**                                                                                          **Condition**
  Payload container                                                                  Present            The SOR transparent container in the payload container IE carries steering of roaming information.   
  Length of payload container contents                                                                  2 octet                                                                                              
  Payload container contents                                                                                                                                                                                 
  SOR transparent container                                                          Present            The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.                               
  SOR header                                                                                            1 octet                                                                                              
  Additional parameters (AP) value                                                   0                  Additional parameters not included                                                                   
  PLMN ID and access technology list                                                                                                                                                                         
  PLMN ID 1                                                                          PLMN2                                                                                                                   
  access technology identifier 1                                                     NG-RAN                                                                                                                  

#### 6.3.2.6 Steering of UE in roaming after registration / SOR-CMCI rule / match all / Emergency call / DL NAS transport

##### 6.3.2.6.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-75 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-139 .H6}

**with** { UE being in automatic PLMN selection mode and UE has
registered onto a VPLMN with an established IMS PDU session }

**ensure** **that** {

**when** { UE receives SOR Transparent container included in DL NAS
TRANSPORT message contains steering of roaming information with the
SOR-CMCI field which includes Tsor-cm timer and Criterion type with
setting as match all, and, UE sends an SOR transparent container with
ACK in UL NAS TRANSPORT message, and, UE initiates Emergency call in 5GS
and completes it successfully }

**then** { UE sends RRCSetupRequest message after releasing Emergency
call with expiring Tsor-cm timer and selects higher priority PLMN }

}

##### 6.3.2.6.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-75 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 23.122, clause C.2, C.4.1, C.4.2, and C.4.3. Unless
otherwise stated these are Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.2\]

The stage-2 flow for the case when the UE registers with VPLMN AMF is
described below in figure C.2.1. The selected PLMN is the VPLMN. The AMF
is located in the selected VPLMN.

Figure C.2.1: Procedure for providing list of preferred PLMN/access
technology combinations and the SOR-CMCI, if any, or secured packet
during registration

For the steps below, security protection is described in
3GPP TS 33.501 \[24\].

\...

> 7\) If the steering of roaming information is received and the
> security check is successful, then:
>
> a\) if the UDM has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE, then
> the UE shall send the REGISTRATION COMPLETE message to the serving AMF
> without including an SOR transparent container;
>
> b\) if the steering of roaming information contains a secured packet
> (see 3GPP TS 31.115 \[67\]):
>
> \- the ME shall upload the secured packet to the USIM using procedures
> in 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\], if the service \"data download via SMS
> Point-to-point\" is allocated and activated in the USIM Service Table
> (see 3GPP TS 31.102 \[40\]);

NOTE 14: How the ME handles UICC responses and failures in communication
between the ME and UICC is implementation specific and out of scope of
this release of the specification.

> \- if the UDM has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE and:
>
> A\) the ME receives a USAT REFRESH with command qualifier
> (3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]) of type \"Steering of Roaming\" and either a
> SOR-CMCI is included, or the UE is configured with the SOR-CMCI, the
> UE shall perform items a), b) and c) of the procedure for steering of
> roaming in clause 4.4.6, and if the UE is in automatic network
> selection mode then it shall apply the actions in clause C.4.2. In
> this case steps 8 to 11 are skipped; or
>
> B\) the ME receives a USAT REFRESH command qualifier
> (3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]) of type \"Steering of Roaming\" and neither a
> SOR-CMCI is included, nor the UE is configured with the SOR-CMCI, it
> shall perform items a), b) and c) of the procedure for steering of
> roaming in clause 4.4.6 and if:
>
> i\) the UE has a list of available and allowable PLMNs in the area and
> based on this list or any other implementation specific means the UE
> determines that there is a higher priority PLMN than the selected
> VPLMN; or
>
> ii\) the UE does not have a list of available and allowable PLMNs in
> the area and is unable to determine whether there is a higher priority
> PLMN than the selected VPLMN using any other implementation specific
> means;
>
> and the UE is in automatic network selection mode, then the UE shall
> either:
>
> i\) release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally and then
> attempt to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN as specified in
> clause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T that controls periodic attempts
> has expired. In this case, steps 8 to 11 are skipped. The UE shall
> suspend the transmission of 5GSM messages until the N1 NAS signalling
> is released. The UE shall not initiate the establishment of a new N1
> NAS signalling connection, unless for the purpose of initiating a
> registration procedure or establishing an emergency PDU session, until
> the attempts to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN are
> completed. If the UE has an established emergency PDU session
> (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]), the receipt of the steering of roaming
> information shall not trigger the release of the N1 NAS signalling
> connection. If camped on a NG-RAN cell, the UE shall release the
> current N1 NAS signalling connection locally subsequently after the
> emergency PDU session is released, otherwise the UE shall not take any
> further actions; or
>
> ii\) not release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally
> (e.g. if the UE has established PDU session(s)) and skip steps 8 to
> 10;
>
> c\) if the steering of roaming information contains the list of
> preferred PLMN/access technology combinations, the ME shall replace
> the highest priority entries in the \"Operator Controlled PLMN
> Selector with Access Technology\" list stored in the ME with the
> received list of preferred PLMN/access technology combinations, and
> delete the PLMNs identified by the list of preferred PLMN/access
> technology combinations from the Forbidden PLMN list and from the
> Forbidden PLMNs for GPRS service list, if they are present in these
> lists. Additionally, if:
>
> i\) the UE has a list of available and allowable PLMNs in the area and
> based on this list or any other implementation specific means the UE
> determines that there is a higher priority PLMN than the selected
> VPLMN; or
>
> ii\) the UE does not have a list of available and allowable PLMNs in
> the area and is unable to determine whether there is a higher priority
> PLMN than the selected VPLMN using any other implementation specific
> means;
>
> and the UE is in automatic network selection mode:
>
> A\) if the UE is configured with the SOR-CMCI or received the SOR-CMCI
> over N1 NAS signalling, the UE shall apply the actions in
> clause C.4.2. In this case steps 8 to 11 are skipped;
>
> B\) otherwise, the UE shall:
>
> i\) release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally and then
> attempt to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN as specified in
> clause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T that controls periodic attempts
> has expired. In this case, steps 8 to 11 are skipped. The UE shall
> suspend the transmission of 5GSM messages until the N1 NAS signalling
> is released. The UE shall not initiate the establishment of a new N1
> NAS signalling connection, unless for the purpose of initiating a
> registration procedure or establishing an emergency PDU session, until
> the attempts to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN are
> completed. If the UE has an established emergency PDU session
> (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]), the receipt of the steering of roaming
> information shall not trigger the release of the N1 NAS signalling
> connection. If camped on a NG-RAN cell, he UE shall release the
> current N1 NAS signalling connection locally subsequently after the
> emergency PDU session is released, otherwise the UE shall not take any
> further actions. If the UE needs to disable the N1 mode capability
> (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) and there is no emergency service pending,
> the UE shall first attempt to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN
> as described in this step, and if no higher priority PLMN can be
> selected but the last registered PLMN is selected, then the UE shall
> disable the N1 mode capability; or
>
> ii\) not release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally
> (e.g. if the UE has established PDU session(s)) and skip steps 8 to
> 10;

NOTE 15: When the UE is in the manual mode of operation or the current
chosen VPLMN is part of the \"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access
Technology\" list, the UE stays on the VPLMN.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.4.1\]

The HPLMN or subscribed SNPN, based on operator policy, may provide the
UE with SOR-CMCI to control the timing when the UE enters idle mode and
performs higher priority PLMN/access technology or SNPN selection. This
is achieved by the HPLMN indicating to the UE the criteria for releasing
specific PDU session(s) or services and entering idle mode.

NOTE 1: The released PDU sessions may be re-established by the
application once the UE successfully registers on a higher priority PLMN
or SNPN. User interaction is required for some applications.

The HPLMN or subscribed SNPN may configure the SOR-CMCI in the UE, and
may also provide the SOR-CMCI to the UE over N1 NAS signalling. The
SOR-CMCI received over N1 NAS signalling takes precedence over the
SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the ME or stored in the
USIM.

NOTE 2: The SOR-CMCI received over N1 NAS signalling in the SOR
information is either the SOR-CMCI in the USAT REFRESH with command
qualifier of type \"Steering of Roaming\" (see 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\])
which is received in a secured packet, or the SOR-CMCI received in plain
text.

If the UE receives SOR information containing the list of preferred
PLMN/access technology combinations or SOR-SNPN-SI without SOR-CMCI, or
the ME receives USAT REFRESH with command qualifier (see
3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]) of type \"Steering of Roaming\" without SOR-CMCI,
or the security check of the received steering of roaming information is
not successful as described in clause C.2, clause C.3 and clause C.4.3,
then:

> 1\) if the UE has SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the
> ME, the UE shall use the SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of
> the ME; and
>
> 2\) if the UE has no SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the
> ME, the UE shall use the SOR-CMCI stored in the USIM, if any.

The UE shall delete the stored SOR-CMCI, if any, in the non-volatile
memory of the ME and store the received SOR-CMCI in the non-volatile
memory of the ME when:

> 1\) the ME receives SOR-CMCI in the USAT REFRESH with command
> qualifier (see 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]) of type \"Steering of Roaming\";
> or
>
> 2\) the UE receives the steering of roaming information containing the
> SOR-CMCI over N1 NAS signalling and the UE receives the \"Store
> SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator set to \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\";

The SOR-CMCI shall be stored in the non-volatile memory of the ME
together with the SUPI from the USIM. The ME shall not delete the
SOR-CMCI when the UE is switched off. The ME shall delete the SOR-CMCI
when a new USIM is inserted.

SOR-CMCI consists of SOR-CMCI rules. Each SOR-CMCI rule consists of the
following parameters:

> i\) a criterion of one of the following types:
>
> \- PDU session attribute type criterion;
>
> \- service type criterion;
>
> \- SOR security check criterion; or
>
> \- match all type criterion; and
>
> ii\) a value for Tsor-cm timer associated with each criterion
> presented in i) indicating the time the UE shall wait before releasing
> the PDU sessions or the services and entering idle mode.

SOR-CMCI contains zero, one or more SOR-CMCI rules with PDU session
attribute type criterion, zero, one or more SOR-CMCI rules with service
type criterion, and zero or one SOR-CMCI rule with match all type
criterion.

PDU session attribute type criterion consists of one of the following:

> a\) DNN of the PDU session;
>
> b\) S-NSSAI STT of the PDU session; or
>
> c\) S-NSSAI SST and SD of the PDU session.

Service type criterion consists of one of the following:

> a\) IMS registration related signalling;
>
> b\) MMTEL voice call;
>
> c\) MMTEL video call; or
>
> d\) SMS over NAS or SMSoIP.

SOR security check criterion consists of:

> a\) SOR security check not successful.

Match all type criterion consists of:

> a\) match all.

When the SOR-CMCI received by the UE over N1 NAS signalling contains no
SOR-CMCI rules, the UE shall stop all running Tsor-cm timers, if any,
and act as if no SOR-CMCI is configured. Additionally:

> \- if the SOR-CMCI is received in plain text and it also contains the
> \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, the UE shall delete the stored
> SOR-CMCI in the non-volatile memory of the ME, if any; and
>
> \- if the SOR-CMCI is received in a secured packet, and the USIM
> provides the ME with the SOR-CMCI in the USAT REFRESH with command
> qualifier of type \"Steering of Roaming\" (see 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]),
> then the UE shall delete the stored SOR-CMCI in the non-volatile
> memory of the ME, if any.

The HPLMN may update the SOR-CMCI in the USIM such that it contains no
SOR-CMCI rules, in which case the UE behaviour described in clause C.4.2
applies. Also the HPLMN may make the SOR-CMCI file in the USIM
unavailable (see 3GPP TS 31.102 \[40\]).

If there are more than one criterion applicable for a PDU session (e.g.,
a criterion for the PDU session and another one for the service) then
the Tsor-cm timer with the highest value shall apply.

If there are more than one criterion applicable to different ongoing PDU
sessions or services leading to multiple applicable Tsor-cm timers, then
all the applicable Tsor-cm timers shall be started. Further handling of
such cases is described in clause C.4.2.

If the value for Tsor-cm timer equals \"infinity\" then the UE shall
wait until the PDU session is released or the service is stopped.

The Tsor-cm timer is applicable only if the UE is in automatic network
selection mode.

Upon switching to the manual network selection mode, the UE shall stop
any Tsor-cm timer, if running. In this case, the UE is not required to
enter idle mode and perform the de-registration procedure.

The UE shall consider the following services as exempted from being
forced to release the related established PDU session, if any, enter
idle mode and perform high priority PLMN/access technology or SNPN
selection. These services are known to the UE by default and the UE
shall not follow the SOR-CMCI criteria even if configured to interrupt
such services:

> i\) emergency services.

The UE configured with high priority access in the selected PLMN or SNPN
shall consider all services and all related established PDU sessions, if
any, to be exempted from being forced to be released to enter idle mode
and perform high priority PLMN/access technology or SNPN selection.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.4.2\]

During SOR procedure and while applying SOR-CMCI, the UE shall determine
the time to release the PDU session(s) or the services as follows:

> \- If the UE encounters SOR security check not successful on the
> received steering of roaming information, and a matching criterion
> \"SOR security check not successful\" is included in the SOR-CMCI
> stored in the non-volatile memory of the ME, then the UE shall:
>
> \- if the timer value is not zero, start an associated Tsor-cm timer
> with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> \- stop all other running Tsor-cm timers, if any; and
>
> \- not start any new Tsor-cm timer while Tsor-cm timer associated with
> \"SOR security check not successful\" criterion is running;
>
> \- If one or more SOR-CMCI rules are included in SOR-CMCI, where for
> each criterion:
>
> a\) DNN of the PDU session:
>
> the UE shall check whether it has a PDU session with a DNN matching to
> the DNN included in SOR-CMCI, and if any, the UE shall, if the timer
> value is not zero, start an associated Tsor-cm timer with the value
> included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> b\) S-NSSAI SST of the PDU session:
>
> the UE shall check whether it has a PDU session with a S-NSSAI SST
> matching the S-NSSAI SST included in SOR-CMCI, and if any, the UE
> shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an associated Tsor-cm
> timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> b1) S-NSSAI SST and SD of the PDU session:
>
> the UE shall check whether it has a PDU session with a S-NSSAI SST and
> SD matching the S-NSSAI SST and SD included in SOR-CMCI, and if any,
> the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an associated
> Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> c\) IMS registration related signalling:
>
> the UE shall check whether IMS registration related signalling is
> ongoing, and if it is ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not
> zero, start an associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the
> SOR-CMCI;
>
> d\) MMTEL voice call:
>
> the UE shall check whether MMTEL voice call is ongoing, and if it is
> ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an
> associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> e\) MMTEL video call:
>
> the UE shall check whether MMTEL video call is ongoing, and if it is
> ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an
> associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;
>
> f\) SMS over NAS or SMSoIP:
>
> the UE shall check whether SMS over NAS or SMSoIP services is ongoing,
> and if it is ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero,
> start an associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the
> SOR-CMCI; or
>
> g\) match all:
>
> the UE shall check whether there are any PDU sessions or services for
> which there is no matching criterion in a) to f) above. If such PDU
> session or service exists, then for each of these PDU sessions or
> services, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an
> associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI.

If the SOR-CMCI is available, and:

> \- the SOR-CMCI used is in the USIM, contains no SOR-CMCI rule;
>
> \- there are one or more SOR-CMCI rules but there is no criterion
> matched with any ongoing PDU session or service; or
>
> \- there are one or more SOR-CMCI rules and there is one or more
> criteria matched with an ongoing PDU session or service, but the
> highest Tsor-cm timer value associated with the matched criteria is
> equal to zero;

then there is no Tsor-cm timer started for any PDU session or service.

While one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, the UE shall check the
newly established PDU session or service for a matching criterion in the
SOR-CMCI:

> \- If a matching criterion is found and the applicable Tsor-cm timer
> indicated the value \"infinity\" then the UE shall start the Tsor-cm
> timer associated to the newly established PDU session or service with
> the value set to infinity; or
>
> \- For all other cases, if a matching criterion is found and the timer
> value is not zero then the UE shall start the Tsor-cm timer associated
> to the newly established PDU session or service with the value
> included in the SOR-CMCI, with the exception that if the value of the
> Tsor-cm timer included in the SOR-CMCI exceeds the highest value among
> the current values of all running Tsor-cm timers, then the value of
> the Tsor-cm timer for the newly established PDU session or service
> shall be set to the highest value among the current values of all
> running Tsor-cm timers.

NOTE 1: For newly established PDU session or service as described above,
the timer is set irrespective of whether other ongoing PDU sessions or
services that match the same criteria exist and for which corresponding
Tsor-cm timers are running.

NOTE 2: NAS 5GMM layer will receive an explicit indication from the
upper layers that a service is started or stopped. When a service is
started, it is handled as a new service in the procedures described in
this clause.

NOTE 3: While one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, the UE can trigger
any 5GSM procedure or start new services.

While one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, upon receiving a new
SOR-CMCI as described in annex C.4.3, the UE shall check if there is a
matching criterion found for any ongoing PDU session or service in the
new SOR-CMCI:

> \- if a matching criterion is found and the value of Tsor-cm timer in
> the new SOR-CMCI indicates the value \"infinity\", then:
>
> a\) if the Tsor-cm timer associated to the PDU session or service is
> not running, then the UE shall start the Tsor-cm timer associated to
> the PDU session or service with the value set to infinity; or
>
> b\) if the Tsor-cm timer associated to the PDU session or service is
> already running, then the UE shall set the value of the Tsor-cm timer
> associated to the PDU session or service to infinity without stopping
> and restarting the timer;
>
> \- if a matching criterion is found and the value of Tsor-cm timer in
> the new SOR-CMCI is other than infinity and is smaller than the
> current value of the running Tsor-cm timer for the associated PDU
> session or service, then the Tsor-cm timer value for the associated
> PDU session or service shall be replaced with the value in the new
> SOR-CMCI without stopping and restarting the timer; or
>
> \- for all other cases, the running Tsor-cm timers for the associated
> PDU sessions or services are kept unchanged.

The Tsor-cm timer shall be stopped when the associated PDU session is
released or the associated service is stopped.

If the security check on the received steering of roaming information is
successful, the UE shall stop the Tsor-cm timer associated with \"SOR
security check not successful\", if running, and act on the received
steering of roaming information. The current PLMN or SNPN is not
considered as lowest priority.

NOTE 4: This also applies to the case when the current PLMN or SNPN is
different from the PLMN or SNPN in which the Tsor-cm timer associated
with \"SOR security check not successful\" was started.

If the UE, while one or more Tsor-cm timers are running:

> a\) enters idle mode not due to lower layer failure (see
> 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]);
>
> b\) is not able to successfully recover the N1 NAS signalling
> connection (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]); or
>
> c\) enters 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
> 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]);

then the UE shall stop the timer(s). In these cases, if:

> a\) the UE has a list of available and allowable PLMNs or SNPNs in the
> area and based on this list or any other implementation specific
> means, the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN or SNPN
> than the selected VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN; or
>
> b\) the UE does not have a list of available and allowable PLMNs or
> SNPNs in the area and is unable to determine whether there is a higher
> priority PLMN or SNPN than the selected VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN
> using any other implementation specific means;

then the UE shall attempt to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN or
SNPN as specified in clause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T that
controls periodic attempts has expired or as specified in clause 4.9.3.

NOTE 5: When the UE enters idle mode due to lower layer failure while
one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, then the UE does not stop
Tsor-cm timer(s) as recovery of NAS signalling connection is possible
(see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).

When the UE determines that no Tsor-cm timer is started for any PDU
session or service, the last running Tsor-cm timer is stopped due to
release of the associated PDU sessions or stop of the associated
services, or the last running Tsor-cm timer expires, if:

> i\) the UE has a list of available and allowable PLMNs or SNPNs in the
> area and based on this list or any other implementation specific
> means, the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN or SNPN
> than the selected VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN; or
>
> ii\) the UE does not have a list of available and allowable PLMNs or
> SNPNs in the area and is unable to determine whether there is a higher
> priority PLMN or SNPN than the selected VPLMN or non-subscribed
> SNPNusing any other implementation specific means;

then if the UE is in 5GMM-CONNECTED mode, the UE shall perform the
deregistration procedure (see clause 4.2.2.3 of 3GPP TS 23.502 \[63\])
that releases all the established PDU sessions and services, if any, and
once the UE enters idle mode it shall attempt to obtain service on a
higher priority PLMN or SNPN as specified in clause 4.4.3.3 by acting as
if timer T that controls periodic attempts has expired or as specified
in clause 4.9.3.

NOTE 6: The list of available and allowable PLMNs or SNPNs in the area
is implementation specific.

The UE which has an emergency PDU session, receives a request from the
upper layers to establish an emergency PDU session or perform emergency
services fallback, registers for emergency services, or is configured
for high priority access in the selected PLMN or SNPN is not required to
enter idle mode if the last running Tsor-cm timer for any PDU session or
service stops or expires. In this case, the UE shall attempt to perform
the PLMN or SNPN selection after the emergency PDU session or the high
priority service is released and after the UE enters idle mode or
5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).

If the UE selects a cell of any access technology other than NG-RAN, the
ongoing SOR procedure is terminated and the UE shall stop applying
SOR-CMCI and stop all running Tsor-cm timers without triggering any
further actions.

NOTE 7: If the UE is served by any access technology other than NG-RAN,
the HPLMN can initiate a steering of roaming procedure as specified in
clause 4.4.6.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.4.3\]

The stage-2 flow for providing UE with SOR-CMCI in HPLMN, VPLMN,
subscribed SNPN or non-subscribed SNPN after registration is indicated
in figure C.4.3.1, when the ME supports the SOR-CMCI. The selected PLMN
or SNPN can be the HPLMN, a VPLMN, the subscribed SNPN or a
non-subscribed SNPN. The AMF is located in the selected PLMN or SNPN.
The UDM is located in the HPLMN or the subscribed SNPN.

In this procedure, the SOR-CMCI is sent without the list of preferred
PLMN/access technology combinations and the SOR-SNPN-SI. In this
procedure, the SOR-CMCI is sent in plain text or is sent within the
secured packet.

NOTE 1: The SOR-AF can determine that the ME supports the SOR-CMCI if
the Nsoraf\_SoR\_Info service operation has returned the \"ME support of
SOR-CMCI\" indicator. The UDM can determine that the ME supports the
SOR-CMCI if the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator is stored for the
UE. How the SOR-AF determines that the USIM for the indicated SUPI
supports SOR-CMCI is implementation specific.

NOTE 2: The secured packet provided by the SOR-AF can include SOR-CMCI
only if the SOR-AF has determined that the ME supports the SOR-CMCI and
the USIM of the indicated SUPI supports SOR-CMCI. Otherwise if only the
\"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator is stored for the UE, then
SOR-CMCI, if any, cannot be included in the secured packet.

The procedure is triggered:

> \- If the UDM supports obtaining the parameters of the list of
> preferred PLMN/access technology combinations, the SOR-SNPN-SI, the
> SOR-CMCI, and the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if any, or a
> secured packet from the SOR-AF, the HPLMN or subscribed SNPN policy
> for the SOR-AF invocation is present in the UDM and the SOR-AF
> provides the UDM with the SOR-CMCI for a UE identified by SUPI; or
>
> \- When the SOR-CMCI becomes available in the UDM (i.e., retrieved
> from the UDR).

Figure C.4.3.1: Procedure for configuring UE with SOR-CMCI after
registration

For the steps below, security protection is described in
3GPP TS 33.501 \[24\].

> 1\) The SOR-AF to the UDM: Nudm\_ParameterProvision\_Update request is
> sent to the UDM to trigger the update of the UE with the SOR-CMCI (in
> plain text or secured packet). In case of providing SOR-CMCI in plain
> text, include the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if applicable.
> In case of providing SOR-CMCI in a secured packet, include an
> indication that \"the list of preferred PLMN/access technology
> combinations is not included in the secured packet\".
>
> 2\) The UDM to the AMF: The UDM notifies the changes of the user
> profile to the affected AMF by the means of invoking
> Nudm\_SDM\_Notification service operation. The Nudm\_SDM\_Notification
> service operation contains the steering of roaming information that
> needs to be delivered transparently to the UE over NAS within the
> Access and Mobility Subscription data. If the HPLMN or subscribed SNPN
> decided that the UE is to acknowledge successful security check of the
> received steering of roaming information, the Nudm\_SDM\_Notification
> service operation also contains an indication that the UDM requests an
> acknowledgement from the UE as part of the steering of roaming
> information. The UDM:
>
> \- upon receiving the SOR-CMCI (in plain text), shall:
>
> i\) if the UE is registered in the HPLMN or a VPLMN, include the
> SOR-CMCI, the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if any, and the
> HPLMN indication that \'no change of the \"Operator Controlled PLMN
> Selector with Access Technology\" list stored in the UE is needed and
> thus no list of preferred PLMN/access technology combinations is
> provided\';
>
> ii\) if the UE is registered in a non-subscribed SNPN, include the
> SOR-CMCI, the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if any, and the
> HPLMN or subscribed SNPN indication that \'no change of the
> SOR-SNPN-SI stored in the UE is needed and thus no SOR-SNPN-SI is
> provided\'; and
>
> iii\) if the UE is registered in a subscribed SNPN and the AMF has
> reported to the UDM that the UE supports SOR-SNPN-SI, include the
> SOR-CMCI, the \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, if any, and the
> HPLMN or subscribed SNPN indication that \'no change of the
> SOR-SNPN-SI stored in the UE is needed and thus no SOR-SNPN-SI is
> provided\'; or
>
> \- upon receiving the SOR-CMCI in secured packet, shall include the
> secured packet into the steering of roaming information;

NOTE 3: The UDM considers \"the list of preferred PLMN/access technology
combinations is not included in the secured packet\" received together
with the secured packet from the SOR-AF to indicate that the UE is not
expected to perform SOR based on the associated steering of roaming
information sent to the UE. However, the SOR-CMCI included in the
secured packet can be applied by the UE if the UE has one or more
Tsor-cm timers running as described in C.4.2.

NOTE 4: The UDM cannot provide the SOR-CMCI, if any, to the AMF which
does not support receiving SoR transparent container (see
3GPP TS 29.503 \[78\]).

> 3\) The AMF to the UE: the AMF sends a DL NAS TRANSPORT message to the
> served UE. The AMF includes in the DL NAS TRANSPORT message the
> steering of roaming information received from the UDM.
>
> 4\) Upon receiving the steering of roaming information containing the
> SOR-CMCI and the HPLMN indication that \'no change of the \"Operator
> Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" list stored in the
> UE is needed and thus no list of preferred PLMN/access technology
> combinations is provided\' or the HPLMN or subscribed SNPN indication
> that \'no change of the SOR-SNPN-SI stored in the UE is needed and
> thus no SOR-SNPN-SI is provided\', or the secured packet, the UE shall
> perform a security check on the steering of roaming information
> included in the DL NAS TRANSPORT message to verify that the steering
> of roaming information is provided by HPLMN or subscribed SNPN, and:
>
> a\) if the security check is successful, the UE shall store the
> SOR-CMCI according to clause C.4.1. If the UE has one or more Tsor-cm
> timers running, the UE shall apply the received SOR-CMCI as described
> in C.4.2.
>
> If the steering of roaming information contains a secured packet and
> the UDM has requested an acknowledgement from the UE in the DL NAS
> TRANSPORT message, the UE sends an UL NAS TRANSPORT message to the
> serving AMF with an SOR transparent container including the UE
> acknowledgement and the UE shall set the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\"
> indicator to \"supported\" only after the ME receives UICC responses
> indicating that the UICC has received the secured packet successfully.
> Otherwise, if the UDM has requested an acknowledgement from the UE in
> the DL NAS TRANSPORT message, the UE sends an UL NAS TRANSPORT message
> to the serving AMF with an SOR transparent container including the UE
> acknowledgement and the UE shall set the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\"
> indicator to \"supported\". Additionally, if the UE supports access to
> an SNPN using credentials from a credentials holder and the UE is in a
> PLMN, the UE may set the \"ME support of SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator to
> \"supported\".
>
> If the UDM has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE then step
> 5 is skipped; and
>
> b\) if the selected PLMN is a VPLMN or a non-subscribed SNPN, the
> security check is not successful and the UE is in automatic network
> selection mode, then:
>
> \- if the UE has a SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the
> ME, the current PLMN is considered as lowest priority and the UE shall
> apply the actions in clause C.4.2;
>
> \- otherwise, the UE shall wait until it moves to idle mode or
> 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
> 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) before attempting to obtain service on a higher
> priority PLMN as specified in clause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T
> that controls periodic attempts has expired, with an exception that
> the current PLMN is considered as lowest priority, or before
> attempting to obtain service on a higher priority SNPN as specified in
> clause 4.9.3, with an exception that the current registered SNPN is
> considered as lowest priority. If the selected PLMN or SNPN is a VPLMN
> or a non-subscribed SNPN and the UE has an established emergency PDU
> session then the UE shall attempt to perform the PLMN selection after
> the emergency PDU session is released and after the UE enters idle
> mode or 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
> 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).
>
> Step 5 is skipped;

NOTE 5: When the UE is in the manual mode of operation or the current
chosen VPLMN is part of the \"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access
Technology\" list or the current chosen non-subscribed SNPN is part of
the user controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs for the selected
entry of the \"list of subscriber data\" the selected PLMN subscription,
the UE stays on the VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN.

> 5\) The AMF to the UDM: If the UL NAS TRANSPORT message with an SOR
> transparent container is received, the AMF uses the Nudm\_SDM\_Info
> service operation to provide the received SOR transparent container to
> the UDM. If the HPLMN decided that the UE is to acknowledge successful
> security check of the received steering of roaming information in step
> 2, the UDM verifies that the acknowledgement is provided by the UE.
> The UDM shall store the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator and the
> \"ME support of SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator, if any; and
>
> 6\) The UDM to the SOR-AF: Nsoraf\_SoR\_Info (SUPI of the UE,
> successful delivery, \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator, \"ME
> support of SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator, if any). If the HPLMN policy for
> the SOR-AF invocation is present and the HPLMN UDM received and
> verified the UE acknowledgement in step 5, then the UDM informs the
> SOR-AF about successful delivery of the SOR-CMCI to the UE. The UDM
> shall include the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator and the \"ME
> support of SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator, if any.

If the selected PLMN is a VPLMN or a non-subscribed SNPN and:

> \- the UE in manual mode of operation encounters security check
> failure of SOR information in DL NAS TRANSPORT message; and
>
> \- upon switching to automatic network selection mode the UE remembers
> that it is still registered on the PLMN the non-subscribed SNPN where
> the security check failure of SOR information was encountered;

the UE shall wait until it moves to idle mode or 5GMM-CONNECTED mode
with RRC inactive indication (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) before
attempting to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN as specified in
clause 4.4.3.3, by acting as if timer T that controls periodic attempts
has expired, with an exception that the current registered PLMN is
considered as lowest priority, or before attempting to obtained service
on a higher priority SNPN as specified in clause 4.9.3, with an
exception that the current registered SNPN is considered as lowest
priority. If the selected PLMN is a VPLMN or the selected SNPN is a
non-subscribed SNPN and the UE has an established emergency PDU session
then the UE shall attempt to perform the PLMN selection after the
emergency PDU session is released and after the UE enters idle mode or
5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).

NOTE 6: The receipt of the steering of roaming information by itself
does not trigger the release of the emergency PDU session.

##### 6.3.2.6.3 Test description {#test-description-74 .H6}

##### 6.3.2.6.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-74 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-56 .H6}

\- Two inter-frequency multi-PLMN NR Cells as specified in TS 38.508-1
\[4\] Table 4.4.2-1 are configured broadcasting PLMNs as indicated in
Table 6.3.2.6.3.1-1.

\- The PLMNs are identified in the test by the identifiers in Table
6.3.2.6.3.1-1. The MCC and MNC values of PLMN identifiers are specified
in TS 36.523-1 \[13\], Table 6.0.1-1.

Table 6.3.2.6.3.1-1: PLMN identifiers

  **NR Cell**   **PLMN names**
  ------------- ----------------
                
  NR Cell 11    PLMN2
  NR Cell 12    PLMN13

NR Cell 11 is set to \"Serving Cell\";

NR Cell 12 is set to \"Serving Cell\";

System Information Combination NR-4 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.3 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-70 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic PLMN selection mode.

\- USIM configuration as defined in Table 6.4.1-21 of TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
will be used.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-73 .H6}

\- The UE is switched on and brought to state 3N-A, RRC\_CONNECTED
Connectivity (NR), in accordance with the procedure described in TS
38.508-1 \[4\], clause 4.5.4 and IMS PDU session establishment and IMS
registration procedure need to be performed on NR Cell 12.

##### 6.3.2.6.4 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-74 .H6}

**Table 6.3.2.6.4-1: Main behaviour**

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| **St**    | **Pr      | **Message | **TP**    | **        |    |
|           | ocedure** | S         |           | Verdict** |    |
|           |           | equence** |           |           |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+====+
|           |           | **U - S** | **        |           |    |
|           |           |           | Message** |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 1-21a1    | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 22        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-        | \- |
|           | transmits |           | DLI       |           |    |
|           | an        |           | nformatio |           |    |
|           | DLI       |           | nTransfer |           |    |
|           | nformatio |           |           |           |    |
|           | nTransfer |           | 5GMM: DL  |           |    |
|           | message   |           | NAS       |           |    |
|           | c         |           | TRANSPORT |           |    |
|           | ontaining |           |           |           |    |
|           | steering  |           |           |           |    |
|           | of        |           |           |           |    |
|           | roaming   |           |           |           |    |
|           | in        |           |           |           |    |
|           | formation |           |           |           |    |
|           | i         |           |           |           |    |
|           | ndicating |           |           |           |    |
|           | list of   |           |           |           |    |
|           | preferred |           |           |           |    |
|           | PL        |           |           |           |    |
|           | MN/access |           |           |           |    |
|           | t         |           |           |           |    |
|           | echnology |           |           |           |    |
|           | co        |           |           |           |    |
|           | mbination |           |           |           |    |
|           | provided  |           |           |           |    |
|           | with      |           |           |           |    |
|           | ackno     |           |           |           |    |
|           | wledgment |           |           |           |    |
|           | requested |           |           |           |    |
|           | from the  |           |           |           |    |
|           | UE for    |           |           |           |    |
|           | s         |           |           |           |    |
|           | uccessful |           |           |           |    |
|           | r         |           |           |           |    |
|           | eception. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 23        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | starts    |           |           |           |    |
|           | timer     |           |           |           |    |
|           | with      |           |           |           |    |
|           | Tsor-cm   |           |           |           |    |
|           | timer     |           |           |           |    |
|           | value =   |           |           |           |    |
|           | 60s.      |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 24        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | starts    |           |           |           |    |
|           | timer of  |           |           |           |    |
|           | tmax =(6  |           |           |           |    |
|           | minutes + |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | selection |           |           |           |    |
|           | time).    |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 1,  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 2 and 3)  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 25        | The UE    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | \-        | \- |
|           | transmits |           | ULI       |           |    |
|           | an        |           | nformatio |           |    |
|           | ULI       |           | nTransfer |           |    |
|           | nformatio |           |           |           |    |
|           | nTransfer |           | *5GMM: UL |           |    |
|           | message   |           | NAS       |           |    |
|           | carrying  |           | T         |           |    |
|           | acknow    |           | RANSPORT* |           |    |
|           | ledgement |           |           |           |    |
|           | of        |           |           |           |    |
|           | s         |           |           |           |    |
|           | uccessful |           |           |           |    |
|           | reception |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | steering  |           |           |           |    |
|           | of        |           |           |           |    |
|           | roaming   |           |           |           |    |
|           | inf       |           |           |           |    |
|           | ormation. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 26        | Make the  | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | UE        |           |           |           |    |
|           | attempt   |           |           |           |    |
|           | an IMS    |           |           |           |    |
|           | emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | call      |           |           |           |    |
|           | dialling  |           |           |           |    |
|           | an        |           |           |           |    |
|           | emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | number    |           |           |           |    |
|           | e.g. 112  |           |           |           |    |
|           | or 911.   |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 4)  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 27        | Generic   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | for IMS   |           |           |           |    |
|           | Emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | call      |           |           |           |    |
|           | esta      |           |           |           |    |
|           | blishment |           |           |           |    |
|           | in 5GC    |           |           |           |    |
|           | with IMS  |           |           |           |    |
|           | emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |           |    |
|           | istration |           |           |           |    |
|           | as        |           |           |           |    |
|           | described |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.9       |           |           |           |    |
|           | .11.2.2-1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | is        |           |           |           |    |
|           | p         |           |           |           |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 28        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | waits for |           |           |           |    |
|           | timer of  |           |           |           |    |
|           | Tsor-cm   |           |           |           |    |
|           | timer     |           |           |           |    |
|           | expiry.   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 29        | Make the  | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | UE        |           |           |           |    |
|           | release   |           |           |           |    |
|           | the       |           |           |           |    |
|           | emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | call.     |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 30        | The       | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | Generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | test      |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | for IMS   |           |           |           |    |
|           | MO        |           |           |           |    |
|           | Emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | call      |           |           |           |    |
|           | release   |           |           |           |    |
|           | as        |           |           |           |    |
|           | specified |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\],    |           |           |           |    |
|           | subclause |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.9.12A   |           |           |           |    |
|           | takes     |           |           |           |    |
|           | place.    |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 30A       | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | releases  |           |           |           |    |
|           | the RRC   |           |           |           |    |
|           | c         |           |           |           |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell 12.  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 31        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | RRCSet    |           |    |
|           | UE        |           | upRequest |           |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |           |    |
|           | an        |           |           |           |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |           |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 11   |           |           |           |    |
|           | before    |           |           |           |    |
|           | tmax      |           |           |           |    |
|           | expires?  |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 1,  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 2 and 3)  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 32-33     | Steps 2-3 | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | of Table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |           |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |           |    |
|           | p         |           |           |           |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 34        | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 35-37a1   | Steps 4   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | to 6a1 of |           |           |           |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |           |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 11.  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| Timer     |           |           |           |           |    |
| tmax in   |           |           |           |           |    |
| step 24   |           |           |           |           |    |
| and 31    |           |           |           |           |    |
| are       |           |           |           |           |    |
| derived   |           |           |           |           |    |
| from the  |           |           |           |           |    |
| high      |           |           |           |           |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |           |    |
| PLMN      |           |           |           |           |    |
| search    |           |           |           |           |    |
| timer T   |           |           |           |           |    |
| defined   |           |           |           |           |    |
| by        |           |           |           |           |    |
| EFHPPLMN. |           |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| Following |           |           |           |           |    |
| attempts  |           |           |           |           |    |
| to access |           |           |           |           |    |
| the       |           |           |           |           |    |
| H         |           |           |           |           |    |
| PLMN/EHPL |           |           |           |           |    |
| MN/higher |           |           |           |           |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |           |    |
| PLMN in   |           |           |           |           |    |
| VPLMN is  |           |           |           |           |    |
| operator  |           |           |           |           |    |
| specific  |           |           |           |           |    |
| setting   |           |           |           |           |    |
| (Refer to |           |           |           |           |    |
| TS 23.122 |           |           |           |           |    |
| Rel-12).  |           |           |           |           |    |
| Hence,    |           |           |           |           |    |
| window    |           |           |           |           |    |
| between   |           |           |           |           |    |
| 120s to   |           |           |           |           |    |
| T+        |           |           |           |           |    |
| Tolerance |           |           |           |           |    |
| is being  |           |           |           |           |    |
| used ,    |           |           |           |           |    |
| where the |           |           |           |           |    |
| high      |           |           |           |           |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |           |    |
| PLMN      |           |           |           |           |    |
| search    |           |           |           |           |    |
| timer T   |           |           |           |           |    |
| defined   |           |           |           |           |    |
| by        |           |           |           |           |    |
| EFHPPLMN. |           |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
| Note 3:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| Tolerance |           |           |           |           |    |
| of 2min   |           |           |           |           |    |
| is added  |           |           |           |           |    |
| to allow  |           |           |           |           |    |
| time for  |           |           |           |           |    |
| the UE to |           |           |           |           |    |
| find the  |           |           |           |           |    |
| proper    |           |           |           |           |    |
| PLMN.     |           |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
| Note 4:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| This      |           |           |           |           |    |
| could be  |           |           |           |           |    |
| done by   |           |           |           |           |    |
| e.g. MMI  |           |           |           |           |    |
| or AT     |           |           |           |           |    |
| command.  |           |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+

6.3.2.6.5 Specific message contents

**Table 6.3.2.6.5-1: *DL NAS TRANSPORT Message for NR Cell 12* (step 22,
Table 6.3.2.6.4-1)**

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-11 with condition 5GS\_SOR\_CMCI.                                                                                                                           
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------
  **Information Element**                                                            **Value/remark**   **Comment**                                                                                          **Condition**
  Payload container                                                                  Present            The SOR transparent container in the payload container IE carries steering of roaming information.   
  SOR transparent container                                                          Present            The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.                               
  SOR header                                                                                            1 octet                                                                                              
  Additional parameters (AP) value                                                   1                  Additional parameters included                                                                       
  Length of PLMN ID and access technology list                                       '05'O              PLMN2                                                                                                
  PLMN ID and access technology list                                                                    NG-RAN                                                                                               
  PLMN ID 1                                                                          PLMN2                                                                                                                   
  access technology identifier 1                                                     NG-RAN                                                                                                                  
  SOR-CMCI                                                                           Present                                                                                                                 
  Length of SOR-CMCI contents                                                                           Length value of SOR-CMCI rule1                                                                       
  SOR-CMCI rule 1                                                                                                                                                                                            
  Length of SOR-CMCI rule contents                                                                      Length value of SOR-CMCI rule contents                                                               
  Tsor-cm timer value                                                                '00100001'B        60s                                                                                                  
  Criterion type                                                                     '11111111'B        match all                                                                                            
  Criterion value                                                                    Not Present                                                                                                             

**Table 6.3.2.6.5-2: *UL NAS TRANSPORT Message for NR Cell 12* (step 25,
Table 6.3.2.6.4-1)**

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-10 with condition 5GS\_SOR\_CMCI.                                                                                                                           
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------
  **Information Element**                                                            **Value/remark**   **Comment**                                                                                          **Condition**
  Payload container                                                                  Present            The SOR transparent container in the payload container IE carries steering of roaming information.   
  SOR transparent container                                                          Present            The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.                               
  SOR header                                                                                            1 octet                                                                                              
  ME support of SOR-CMCI indicator (MSSI) value                                      1                  SOR-CMCI supported by the ME                                                                         

### 6.3.3 Steering of Roaming in SNPN

#### 6.3.3.1 Steering of Roaming in SNPN / During registration / Security check successful / Without SOR Transparent container ACK request

##### 6.3.3.1.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-76 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-140 .H6}

**with** { UE being in automatic SNPN selection mode, current chosen
non-subscribed SNPN is not contained in the list of \"SNPNs where
registration was aborted due to SOR\" for the selected entry in the
\"list of subscriber data\" or the selected PLMN subscription, and is
not part of the user controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs for
the selected entry in the \"list of subscriber data\" or the selected
PLMN subscription and UE\'s ME configured with indication that the UE is
to receive Steering of Roaming information due to initial registration
in a non-subscribed SNPN }

**ensure that** {

**when** { SOR Transparent container indicates ACK has NOT been
requested and security check on the steering of roaming information is
successful and the UE has a list of available and allowable SNPN in the
area and based on this list the UE determines that there is a higher
priority SNPN than the selected SNPN }

**then** { UE sends REGISTRATION COMPLETE message to the serving AMF
without including an SOR transparent container and then either releases
N1 NAS Signalling connection locally and then attempt to obtain service
on a higher priority SNPN or optionally wait for network release of the
NAS signalling connection and then selects higher priority SNPN }

}

\(2\)

**with** { UE being in manual SNPN selection mode, current chosen
non-subscribed SNPN is not contained in the list of \"SNPNs where
registration was aborted due to SOR\" for the selected entry in the
\"list of subscriber data\" or the selected PLMN subscription, and is
not part of the user controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs for
the selected entry in the \"list of subscriber data\" or the selected
PLMN subscription and UE\'s ME configured with indication that the UE is
to receive Steering of Roaming information due to initial registration
in a non-subscribed SNPN }

**ensure that** {

**when** { SOR Transparent container indicates ACK has NOT been
requested and security check on the steering of roaming information is
successful and the UE has a list of available and allowable SNPN in the
area and based on this list the UE determines that there is a higher
priority SNPN than the selected SNPN }

**then** { UE sends REGISTRATION COMPLETE message to the serving AMF
without including an SOR transparent container **and** stays on this
non-subscribed SNPN }

}

##### 6.3.3.1.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-76 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 23.122 clauses C.5. Unless otherwise stated these are
Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.5\]

The stage-2 flow for the case when the UE registers in a non-subscribed
SNPN is described below in figure C.5.1. The AMF is located in the
non-subscribed SNPN. The UDM is located in the HPLMN or subscribed SNPN.

Figure C.5.1: Procedure for providing SOR-SNPN-SI during registration

For the steps below, security protection is described in
3GPP TS 33.501 \[24\].

1\) The UE to the AMF: The UE initiates initial registration, emergency
registration or registration procedure for mobility and periodic
registration update (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) to the AMF by sending
REGISTRATION REQUEST message with the 5GS registration type IE
indicating \"initial registration\", \"emergency registration\" or
\"mobility registration updating\";

2\) Upon receiving the REGISTRATION REQUEST message, the AMF executes
the registration procedure as defined in clause 4.2.2.2 of
3GPP TS 23.502 \[63\]. As part of the registration procedure:

a\) the AMF provides the registration type to the UDM using
Nudm\_UECM\_Registration. As a consequence, in case of the 5GS
registration type message indicates \"initial registration\" or
\"emergency registration\" the UDM shall delete the stored \"ME support
of SOR-CMCI\" indicator, if any, in UDR using Nudr\_DM\_Update service
operation (see 3GPP TS 23.502 \[63\]).

NOTE 1: Nudr\_DM\_Update service operation corresponds to
Nudr\_DR\_Update service operation (see
3GPP TS 29.504 \[82\] and 3GPP TS 29.505 \[83\]).

In addition:

a\) if the AMF does not have subscription data for the UE, the AMF
invokes Nudm\_SDM\_Get service operation to the UDM to get amongst other
information the Access and Mobility Subscription data for the UE (see
step 14b in clause 4.2.2.2.2 of 3GPP TS 23.502 \[63\]); or

b\) if the AMF already has subscription data for the UE and:

i\) tcified in table 5.2.2.2.2-1 of 3GPP TS 23.502 \[63\]); or

ii\) the 5GS reg is the 5GS registration type IE in the received
REGISTRATION REQUEST message indicates \"initial registration\" and the
\"SoR Update Indicator for Initial Registration\" field in the UE
context is set to \'the UDM requests the AMF to retrieve SoR information
when the UE performs NAS registration type \"initial registration\"\' as
speration type IE in the received REGISTRATION REQUEST message indicates
\"emergency registration\" and the \"SoR Update Indicator for Emergency
Registration\" field in the UE context is set to \'the UDM requests the
AMF to retrieve SoR information when the UE performs NAS registration
type \"emergency registration\"\' as specified in table 5.2.2.2.2-1 of
3GPP TS 23.502 \[63\]);

then the VPLMN AMF invokes Nudm\_SDM\_Get service operation message to
the HPLMN UDM to retrieve the steering of roaming information (see
step 14b in clause 4.2.2.2.2 of 3GPP TS 23.502 \[63\]);

otherwise the AMF sends a REGISTRATION ACCEPT message without the
steering of roaming information to the UE and steps 3a, 3b, 3c, 3d, 4,
5, 6 are skipped;

3a) If the user subscription information indicates to send the steering
of roaming information due to initial registration in a non-subscribed
SNPN, then the UDM shall provide the steering of roaming information to
the UE when the UE performs initial registration in a non-subscribed
SNPN. Otherwise:

a\) If the UE is registering on the subscribed SNPN and the UE has not
indicated support for SOR-SNPN-SI in the REGISTRATION REQUEST message,
the UDM shall not provide the SOR-SNPN-SI to the UE; and

b\) If the UE is registering on the subscribed SNPN and the UE has
indicated support for SOR-SNPN-SI in the REGISTRATION REQUEST message,
or the UE is not registering on the subscribed SNPN, the UDM may provide
the SOR-SNPN-SI to the UE based on the subscribed SNPN or HPLMN policy.

If the UDM is to provide the steering of roaming information to the UE
when the UE performs the registration in a non-subscribed SNPN and the
subscribed SNPN or HPLMN policy for the SOR-AF invocation is absent then
steps 3b and 3c are not performed and the UDM obtains the available
SOR-SNPN-SI (i.e. all retrieved from the UDR). In addition, if the UDM
obtains the SOR-SNPN-SI and the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator is
stored for the UE, then the UDM shall obtain the SOR-CMCI, if available,
otherwise the UDM shall not obtain the SOR-CMCI. If the SOR-CMCI is
provided then the UDM may indicate to the UE to store the SOR-CMCI in
the ME by providing the \"Store the SOR-CMCI in the ME\" indicator.

If the UDM is to provide the steering of roaming information to the UE
when the UE performs the registration in a non-subscribed SNPN and the
subscribed SNPN or HPLMN policy for the SOR-AF invocation is present,
then the UDM obtains the SOR-SNPN-SI, SOR-CMCI, if any, from the SOR-AF
using steps 3b and 3c;

3b) The UDM to the SOR-AF: Nsoraf\_SoR\_Get request (SNPN identity, SUPI
of the UE, access type (see 3GPP TS 29.571 \[72\])). The SNPN identity
and the access type parameters, indicating where the UE is registering,
are stored in the UDM;

3c) The SOR-AF to the UDM: Nsoraf\_SoR\_Get response (the SOR-SNPN-SI,
the SOR-CMCI, if any, and the \"Store the SOR-CMCI in the ME\"
indicator, if any);

Based on the information received in step 3b and any subscribed SNPN or
HPLMN specific criteria, the SOR-AF may include the SOR-SNPN-SI, the
SOR-CMCI, if any, and optionally the \"Store the SOR-CMCI in the ME\"
indicator, if any.

If the SOR-AF includes the SOR-SNPN-SI and the ME supports the SOR-CMCI,
the SOR-AF may provide the SOR-CMCI and optionally the \"Store the
SOR-CMCI in the ME\" indicator, otherwise the SOR-AF shall provide
neither the SOR-CMCI nor the \"Store the SOR-CMCI in the ME\" indicator.

NOTE 1: In this version of the specification, when the access type where
the UE is registering indicates 3GPP access, then the UE is registering
over the NG-RAN access technology.

NOTE 2: The SOR-AF can include a different SOR-SNPN-SI, different
SOR-CMCI, if any, and different \"Store the SOR-CMCI in the ME\"
indicator, if any, for each Nsoraf\_SoR\_Get request even if the same
SNPN identity, the SUPI of the UE, and the access type are provided to
the SOR-AF.

NOTE 3: The SOR-AF can subscribe to the UDM to be notified about the
changes of the roaming status of the UE identified by SUPI.

NOTE 4: The SOR-AF can determine that the ME supports the SOR-CMCI if
the Nsoraf\_SoR\_Info service operation has returned the \"ME support of
SOR-CMCI\" indicator.

3d) The UDM forms the steering of roaming information as specified in
3GPP TS 33.501 \[66\] from the SOR-SNPN-SI, the SOR-CMCI, if any, and
the \"Store the SOR-CMCI in the ME\" indicator, if any, obtained in step
3a or the SOR-SNPN-SI, the SOR-CMCI, if any, and the \"Store the
SOR-CMCI in the ME\" indicator, if any, obtained in step 3c.

If:

\- the SOR-SNPN-SI was not obtained in steps 3a or 3c; or

\- the SOR-AF has not sent to the UDM an Nsoraf\_SoR\_Get response (step
3c) within an operator defined time after the UDM sending to the SOR-AF
an Nsoraf\_SoR\_Get request (step 3b);

NOTE 5: Stage 3 to define the timer needed for the SOR-AF to respond to
the UDM. The max time needs to be defined considering that this
procedure is part of the Registration procedure.

and the UE is performing initial registration in a non-subscribed SNPN
and the user subscription information indicates to send the steering of
roaming information due to initial registration in a non-subscribed
SNPN, then the UDM forms the steering of roaming information as
specified in 3GPP TS 33.501 \[66\] from the subscribed SNPN or HPLMN
indication that \'no change of the SOR-SNPN-SI stored in the UE is
needed and thus no SOR-SNPN-SI is provided\';

4\) The UDM to the AMF: The UDM sends a response to the Nudm\_SDM\_Get
service operation to the AMF, which includes the steering of roaming
information within the Access and Mobility Subscription data. The Access
and Mobility Subscription data type is defined in clause 5.2.3.3.1 of
3GPP TS 23.502 \[63\]).

NOTE 6: The UDM cannot provide the SOR-SNPN-SI or the SOR-CMCI, if any,
to the AMF which does not support receiving SOR transparent container
(see 3GPP TS 29.503 \[78\]).

If the UE is performing initial registration or emergency registration
and the UDM supports SOR-CMCI, the HPLMN shall request the UE to
acknowledge the successful security check of the received steering of
roaming information, by providing the indication as part of the steering
of roaming information in the Nudm\_SDM\_Get response service operation.
Otherwise, the subscribed SNPN or HPLMN may request the UE to
acknowledge the successful security check of the received steering of
roaming information, by providing the indication as part of the steering
of roaming information in the Nudm\_SDM\_Get response service operation;

5\) The AMF to the UDM: As part of the registration procedure, the SNPN
also invokes Nudm\_SDM\_Subscribe service operation to the UDM to
subscribe to notification of changes of the subscription data (e.g.
received in step 4) including notification of updates of the steering of
roaming information included in the Access and Mobility Subscription
data (see step 14c in clause 4.2.2.2.2 of 3GPP TS 23.502 \[63\]);

6\) The AMF to the UE: The AMF shall transparently send the received
steering of roaming information to the UE in the REGISTRATION ACCEPT
message;

7\) If the steering of roaming information is received and the security
check is successful, then:

a\) if the UDM has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE, then
the UE shall send the REGISTRATION COMPLETE message to the serving AMF
without including an SOR transparent container; and

b\) if the steering of roaming information contains the SOR-SNPN-SI, the
ME shall replace the credentials holder controlled prioritized lists of
preferred SNPNs for the selected entry of the \"list of subscriber
data\" or the selected PLMN subscription with the received credentials
holder controlled prioritized lists of preferred SNPNs, if any, and the
ME shall replace the credentials holder controlled prioritized lists of
GINs for the selected entry of the \"list of subscriber data\" or the
selected PLMN subscription with the received credentials holder
controlled prioritized lists of GINs, if any, and delete the SNPNs
identified by the credentials holder controlled prioritized lists of
preferred SNPNs or credentials holder controlled prioritized lists of
GINs from the list of \"temporarily forbidden SNPNs\" and the list of
\"permanently forbidden SNPNs\", if they are present in these lists.
Additionally, the UE may perform SNPN selection. If the UE decides to
perform SNPN selection:

i\) if the UE has a list of available and allowable SNPN in the area and
based on this list or any other implementation specific means the UE
determines that there is a higher priority SNPN than the selected SNPN;
or

ii\) the UE does not have a list of available and allowable SNPN in the
area and is unable to determine whether there is a higher priority SNPN
than the selected SNPN using any other implementation specific means;

and the UE is in automatic network selection mode:

A\) if the UE is configured with the SOR-CMCI or received the SOR-CMCI
over N1 NAS signalling, the UE shall apply the actions in clause C.4.2.
In this case steps 8 to 11 are skipped;

B\) otherwise, the UE shall:

i\) release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally and then
attempt to obtain service on a higher priority SNPN as specified in
clause 4.9.3. In this case, steps 8 to 11 are skipped. The UE shall
suspend the transmission of 5GSM messages until the N1 NAS signalling is
released. If the UE has an established emergency PDU session
(see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]), the receipt of the steering of roaming
information shall not trigger the release of the N1 NAS signalling
connection. The UE shall release the current N1 NAS signalling
connection locally subsequently after the emergency PDU session is
released. If the UE needs to disable the N1 mode capability (see
3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) and there is no emergency service pending, the UE
shall first attempt to obtain service on a higher priority SNPN as
described in this step, and if no higher priority SNPN can be selected
but the last registered SNPN is selected, then the UE shall disable the
N1 mode capability; or

ii\) not release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally (e.g.
if the UE has established PDU session(s)) and skip steps 8 to 10;

NOTE 7: When the UE is in the manual mode of operation or the current
chosen non-subscribed SNPN is part of the user controlled prioritized
list of preferred SNPNs, the UE stays on the current chosen
non-subscribed SNPN.

8\) If the UE\'s ME is configured with an indication that the UE is to
receive the steering of roaming information due to initial registration
in a non-subscribed SNPN, but neither the SOR-SNPN-SI nor the subscribed
SNPN or HPLMN indication that \'no change of the SOR-SNPN-SI stored in
the UE is needed and thus no SOR-SNPN-SI is provided\' is received in
the REGISTRATION ACCEPT message, when the UE performs initial
registration in a VPLMN or if the steering of roaming information is
received but the security check is not successful, then the UE shall:

a\) if the SOR transparent container is included in the REGISTRATION
ACCEPT message, send the REGISTRATION COMPLETE message to the serving
AMF without including an SOR transparent container;

b\) if the current chosen non-subscribed SNPN is not contained in the
list of \"SNPNs where registration was aborted due to SOR\" for the
selected entry in the \"list of subscriber data\" or the selected PLMN
subscription, and is not part of the user controlled prioritized list of
preferred SNPNs for the selected entry in the \"list of subscriber
data\" or the selected PLMN subscription, and the UE is not in manual
mode of operation, release the current N1 NAS signalling connection
locally and attempt to obtain service on a higher priority SNPN as
specified in clause 4.9.3, with an exception that the current SNPN is
considered as lowest priority, and skip steps 9 to 11. The UE shall
suspend the transmission of 5GSM messages until the N1 NAS signalling is
released. If the UE has an established emergency PDU session
(see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]), the UE shall release the current N1 NAS
signalling connection locally after the release of the emergency PDU
session. If the UE needs to disable the N1 mode capability (see 3GPP TS
24.501 \[64\]) and there is no emergency service pending, the UE shall
first attempt to obtain service on a higher priority SNPN as described
in this step, and if no higher priority SNPN can be selected but the
last registered SNPN is selected, then the UE shall disable the N1 mode
capability; and

c\) if the current chosen non-subscribed SNPN is not contained in the
list of \"SNPNs where registration was aborted due to SOR\" for the
selected entry in the \"list of subscriber data\" or the selected PLMN
subscription, store the SNPN identity in the list of \"SNPNs where
registration was aborted due to SOR\" for the selected entry in the
\"list of subscriber data\" or the selected PLMN subscription;

NOTE 8: When the UE is in the manual mode of operation or the current
chosen non-subscribed SNPN is part of the user controlled prioritized
list of preferred SNPNs, the UE stays on the current chosen
non-subscribed SNPN.

9\) The UE to the AMF: If the UDM has requested an acknowledgement from
the UE and the UE verified that the steering of roaming information has
been provided by the subscribed SNPN or HPLMN in step 7, then:

a\) the UE sends the REGISTRATION COMPLETE message to the serving AMF
with an SOR transparent container including the UE acknowledgement;

b\) the UE shall set the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator in the
header of the SOR transparent container to \"supported\"; and

c\) if:

1\) the steering of roaming information contains the SOR-SNPN-SI, the UE
is configured with the SOR-CMCI or received the SOR-CMCI over N1 NAS
signalling, the UE is in automatic network selection mode and the UE
decides to perform SNPN selection, then the UE shall apply the actions
in clause C.4.2, and step 11 is skipped; or

2\) the steering of roaming information contains subscribed SNPN or
HPLMN indication that \'no change of the SOR-SNPN-SI stored in the UE is
needed and thus no SOR-SNPN-SI is provided\', then step 11 is skipped;

10\) The AMF to the UDM: If an SOR transparent container is received in
the REGISTRATION COMPLETE message, the AMF uses the Nudm\_SDM\_Info
service operation to provide the received SOR transparent container to
the UDM. If the subscribed SNPN or HPLMN decided that the UE is to
acknowledge the successful security check of the received steering of
roaming information in step 4, the UDM verifies that the acknowledgement
is provided by the UE as specified in 3GPP TS 33.501 \[66\]. If the \"ME
support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator in the header of the SOR transparent
container is set to \"supported\", then the UDM shall store the \"ME
support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator, otherwise the UDM shall delete the
stored \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator, if any.

NOTE 9: The UDM cannot receive the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator
from the AMF which does not support receiving SoR transparent container
(see 3GPP TS 29.503 \[78\]).

10a) The UDM to the SOR-AF: Nsoraf\_SoR\_Info (SUPI of the UE,
successful delivery, \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator, if any). If
the subscribed SNPN or HPLMN policy for the SOR-AF invocation is present
and the UDM received and verified the UE acknowledgement in step 10,
then the UDM informs the SOR-AF about successful delivery of the
SOR-SNPN-SI to the UE. If the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator is
stored for the UE, the HPLMN UDM shall include the \"ME support of
SOR-CMCI\" indicator; and

11\) If the UE has a list of available SNPNs in the area and based on
this list the UE determines that there is a higher priority SNPN than
the selected SNPN and the UE is in automatic network selection mode,
then the UE may attempt to obtain service on a higher priority SNPN as
specified in clause 4.9.3 after the release of the N1 NAS signalling
connection. If within an implementation dependent time the N1 NAS
signalling connection is not released, then the UE may locally release
the N1 signalling connection except when the UE has an established
emergency PDU session (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).

When the UE performs initial registration for emergency services (see
3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\] and 3GPP TS 23.502 \[63\]) and the AMF performs
the authentication procedure, then based on subscribed SNPN or HPLMN
policy, the SOR procedure described in this clause may apply.

If:

\- the UE in manual mode of operation encounters scenario mentioned in
step 8 above; and

\- upon switching to automatic network selection mode, the UE remembers
that it is still registered on the where the security check failure of
SOR information was encountered as described in step 8;

the UE shall wait until it moves to idle mode or 5GMM-CONNECTED mode
with RRC inactive indication (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) before
attempting to obtain service on a higher priority SNPN as specified in
clause 4.9.3, with an exception that the current registered SNPN is
considered as lowest priority. If the UE has an established emergency
PDU session, then the UE shall attempt to perform the SNPN selection
subsequently after the emergency PDU session is released.

NOTE 10: The receipt of the steering of roaming information by itself
does not trigger the release of the emergency PDU session.

NOTE 11: The list of available and allowable SNPNs in the area is
implementation specific.

##### 6.3.3.1.3 Test description {#test-description-75 .H6}

##### 6.3.3.1.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-75 .H6}

System Simulator:

\- 2 SNPN cell: NR Cell 11 and NR Cell 12 is configured broadcasting
default SNPN IDs as indicated in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.2-4.

\- System information combination NR-27 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR Cell 11 and NR Cell 12.

\- NR Cell 11 and NR Cell 12 are set to "Serving Cell".

UE:

\- The UE is in Automatic SNPN selection mode.

\- The UE is provisioned with a "list of subscriber data" to allow
access to SNPN identified by NR cell 11 and NR Cell 12.

\- The SNPN identity of NR Cell 11 contained in the credentials holder
controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs is higher priority than
SNPN identity of NR Cell 12.

Preamble:

\- Ensure that the UE has cleared the Registered SNPN, and the UE is in
state Switched OFF (state 0-A) as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table
4.4A.2-0.

6.3.3.1.3.2 Test procedure sequence

**Table 6.3.3.1.3.2-1: Main behaviour**

+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| St      | Procedure  | Message    | TP         | Verdict |    |
|         |            | Sequence   |            |         |    |
+=========+============+============+============+=========+====+
|         |            | U - S      | Message    |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 1       | Power on   | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | the UE     |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 2-14    | Steps 1 to | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | 13 of the  |            |            |         |    |
|         | re         |            |            |         |    |
|         | gistration |            |            |         |    |
|         | procedure  |            |            |         |    |
|         | described  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in TS      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |    |
|         | \[4\]      |            |            |         |    |
|         | Table      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4.5.2.2-2  |            |            |         |    |
|         | are        |            |            |         |    |
|         | performed  |            |            |         |    |
|         | on NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 11.        |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 15      | The SS     | \<\--      | NR RRC:    | \-      | \- |
|         | transmits  |            | *DL        |         |    |
|         | an         |            | Informatio |         |    |
|         | *DL        |            | nTransfer* |         |    |
|         | Informatio |            |            |         |    |
|         | nTransfer* |            | 5G MM:     |         |    |
|         | message,   |            | RE         |         |    |
|         | and a      |            | GISTRATION |         |    |
|         | *RE        |            | ACCEPT     |         |    |
|         | GISTRATION |            |            |         |    |
|         | ACCEPT*    |            |            |         |    |
|         | message    |            |            |         |    |
|         | containing |            |            |         |    |
|         | steering   |            |            |         |    |
|         | of roaming |            |            |         |    |
|         | i          |            |            |         |    |
|         | nformation |            |            |         |    |
|         | indicating |            |            |         |    |
|         | that       |            |            |         |    |
|         | ackn       |            |            |         |    |
|         | owledgment |            |            |         |    |
|         | is not     |            |            |         |    |
|         | requested  |            |            |         |    |
|         | from the   |            |            |         |    |
|         | UE for     |            |            |         |    |
|         | successful |            |            |         |    |
|         | reception. |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 16      | Check:     | \--\>      | NR RRC:    | 1       | P  |
|         | Does the   |            | *UL        |         |    |
|         | UE         |            | Informatio |         |    |
|         | transmit   |            | nTransfer* |         |    |
|         | an         |            |            |         |    |
|         | *UL        |            | 5G MM:     |         |    |
|         | Informatio |            | RE         |         |    |
|         | nTransfer* |            | GISTRATION |         |    |
|         | message    |            | COMPLETE   |         |    |
|         | and        |            |            |         |    |
|         | *RE        |            |            |         |    |
|         | GISTRATION |            |            |         |    |
|         | COMPLETE*  |            |            |         |    |
|         | message    |            |            |         |    |
|         | without    |            |            |         |    |
|         | including  |            |            |         |    |
|         | an SOR     |            |            |         |    |
|         | t          |            |            |         |    |
|         | ransparent |            |            |         |    |
|         | container? |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| \-      | EXCEPTION: | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | Steps      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 17a1-17a3  |            |            |         |    |
|         | are        |            |            |         |    |
|         | performed  |            |            |         |    |
|         | IF         |            |            |         |    |
|         | pc\_SO     |            |            |         |    |
|         | R\_ACKNotR |            |            |         |    |
|         | eqLocalRel |            |            |         |    |
|         | is False,  |            |            |         |    |
|         | ELSE step  |            |            |         |    |
|         | 17b1 is    |            |            |         |    |
|         | performed. |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| \-      | EXCEPTION: | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | Step       |            |            |         |    |
|         | 17a1a1     |            |            |         |    |
|         | describe   |            |            |         |    |
|         | behaviour  |            |            |         |    |
|         | that       |            |            |         |    |
|         | depends on |            |            |         |    |
|         | the UE     |            |            |         |    |
|         | c          |            |            |         |    |
|         | apability; |            |            |         |    |
|         | the "lower |            |            |         |    |
|         | case       |            |            |         |    |
|         | letter"    |            |            |         |    |
|         | identifies |            |            |         |    |
|         | a step     |            |            |         |    |
|         | sequence   |            |            |         |    |
|         | that take  |            |            |         |    |
|         | place if a |            |            |         |    |
|         | capability |            |            |         |    |
|         | is         |            |            |         |    |
|         | supported. |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 17a1a1  | IF         |            |            |         |    |
|         | pc\_noOf   |            |            |         |    |
|         | \_PDUsSame |            |            |         |    |
|         | Connection |            |            |         |    |
|         | \> 0 THEN  |            |            |         |    |
|         | the        |            |            |         |    |
|         | generic    |            |            |         |    |
|         | procedure  |            |            |         |    |
|         | for        |            |            |         |    |
|         | UE         |            |            |         |    |
|         | -requested |            |            |         |    |
|         | PDU        |            |            |         |    |
|         | session    |            |            |         |    |
|         | esta       |            |            |         |    |
|         | blishment, |            |            |         |    |
|         | specified  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in         |            |            |         |    |
|         | subclause  |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4.5A.2,    |            |            |         |    |
|         | takes      |            |            |         |    |
|         | place      |            |            |         |    |
|         | performing |            |            |         |    |
|         | est        |            |            |         |    |
|         | ablishment |            |            |         |    |
|         | of         |            |            |         |    |
|         | UE         |            |            |         |    |
|         | -requested |            |            |         |    |
|         | PDU        |            |            |         |    |
|         | session(s) |            |            |         |    |
|         | with       |            |            |         |    |
|         | ExpectedNu |            |            |         |    |
|         | mberOfNewP |            |            |         |    |
|         | DUSessions |            |            |         |    |
|         | =          |            |            |         |    |
|         | pc\_noOf\  |            |            |         |    |
|         | _PDUsSameC |            |            |         |    |
|         | onnection. |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 17a2    | The SS     | \<\--      | NR RRC:    | \-      | \- |
|         | transmits  |            | *R         |         |    |
|         | an         |            | RCRelease* |         |    |
|         | *R         |            |            |         |    |
|         | RCRelease* |            |            |         |    |
|         | message.   |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| \-      | EXCEPTION: | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | Step       |            |            |         |    |
|         | 17a3a1     |            |            |         |    |
|         | describe   |            |            |         |    |
|         | behaviour  |            |            |         |    |
|         | that       |            |            |         |    |
|         | depends on |            |            |         |    |
|         | the UE     |            |            |         |    |
|         | c          |            |            |         |    |
|         | apability; |            |            |         |    |
|         | the "lower |            |            |         |    |
|         | case       |            |            |         |    |
|         | letter"    |            |            |         |    |
|         | identifies |            |            |         |    |
|         | a step     |            |            |         |    |
|         | sequence   |            |            |         |    |
|         | that take  |            |            |         |    |
|         | place if a |            |            |         |    |
|         | capability |            |            |         |    |
|         | is         |            |            |         |    |
|         | supported. |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 17a3a1  | IF         | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | pc\_noO    |            |            |         |    |
|         | f\_PDUsNew |            |            |         |    |
|         | Connection |            |            |         |    |
|         | \> 0 and   |            |            |         |    |
|         | the UE     |            |            |         |    |
|         | starts PDU |            |            |         |    |
|         | session    |            |            |         |    |
|         | est        |            |            |         |    |
|         | ablishment |            |            |         |    |
|         | aut        |            |            |         |    |
|         | omatically |            |            |         |    |
|         | THEN the   |            |            |         |    |
|         | generic    |            |            |         |    |
|         | procedure  |            |            |         |    |
|         | for        |            |            |         |    |
|         | UE         |            |            |         |    |
|         | -requested |            |            |         |    |
|         | PDU        |            |            |         |    |
|         | session    |            |            |         |    |
|         | esta       |            |            |         |    |
|         | blishment, |            |            |         |    |
|         | specified  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in         |            |            |         |    |
|         | subclause  |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4.5.2.2-4, |            |            |         |    |
|         | takes      |            |            |         |    |
|         | place from |            |            |         |    |
|         | step 2 to  |            |            |         |    |
|         | 9a1        |            |            |         |    |
|         | performing |            |            |         |    |
|         | est        |            |            |         |    |
|         | ablishment |            |            |         |    |
|         | of         |            |            |         |    |
|         | UE         |            |            |         |    |
|         | -requested |            |            |         |    |
|         | PDU        |            |            |         |    |
|         | session(s) |            |            |         |    |
|         | with       |            |            |         |    |
|         | ExpectedNu |            |            |         |    |
|         | mberOfNewP |            |            |         |    |
|         | DUSessions |            |            |         |    |
|         | =          |            |            |         |    |
|         | pc\_noOf   |            |            |         |    |
|         | \_PDUsNewC |            |            |         |    |
|         | onnection. |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 17a3a2  | The SS     | \<\--      | NR RRC:    | \-      | \- |
|         | transmits  |            | *R         |         |    |
|         | an         |            | RCRelease* |         |    |
|         | *R         |            |            |         |    |
|         | RCRelease* |            |            |         |    |
|         | message.   |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 17b1    | The SS     | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | locally    |            |            |         |    |
|         | releases   |            |            |         |    |
|         | the RRC    |            |            |         |    |
|         | c          |            |            |         |    |
|         | onnection. |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 18      | Check:     | \--\>      | NR RRC:    | 1       | P  |
|         | Does the   |            | *RRCSet    |         |    |
|         | UE         |            | upRequest* |         |    |
|         | transmit   |            |            |         |    |
|         | an         |            |            |         |    |
|         | *RRCSet    |            |            |         |    |
|         | upRequest* |            |            |         |    |
|         | message on |            |            |         |    |
|         | NR Cell    |            |            |         |    |
|         | 12?        |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 19      | The SS     | \<\--      | NR RRC:    | \-      | \- |
|         | transmits  |            | *RRCSetup* |         |    |
|         | an         |            |            |         |    |
|         | *RRCSetup* |            |            |         |    |
|         | message on |            |            |         |    |
|         | NR Cell    |            |            |         |    |
|         | 12.        |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 20      | The UE     | \--\>      | NR RRC:    | \-      | \- |
|         | transmits  |            | *RRCSetu   |         |    |
|         | an         |            | pComplete* |         |    |
|         | *RRCSetu   |            |            |         |    |
|         | pComplete* |            | 5GMM:      |         |    |
|         | message    |            | RE         |         |    |
|         | and a      |            | GISTRATION |         |    |
|         | RE         |            | REQUEST    |         |    |
|         | GISTRATION |            |            |         |    |
|         | REQUEST    |            |            |         |    |
|         | message on |            |            |         |    |
|         | NR Cell    |            |            |         |    |
|         | 12.        |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 21-38a1 | Steps 3 to | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | 20a1 of    |            |            |         |    |
|         | the        |            |            |         |    |
|         | re         |            |            |         |    |
|         | gistration |            |            |         |    |
|         | procedure  |            |            |         |    |
|         | described  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in TS      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |    |
|         | \[4\]      |            |            |         |    |
|         | Table      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4.5.2.2-2  |            |            |         |    |
|         | are        |            |            |         |    |
|         | performed  |            |            |         |    |
|         | on NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 12.        |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 39      | The UE is  | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | switched   |            |            |         |    |
|         | off by     |            |            |         |    |
|         | executing  |            |            |         |    |
|         | generic    |            |            |         |    |
|         | procedure  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in Table   |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4.9.6.3-1  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in TS      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |    |
|         | \[4\].     |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 40      | The SS     | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | c          |            |            |         |    |
|         | onfigures: |            |            |         |    |
|         |            |            |            |         |    |
|         | \- NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 11 as the  |            |            |         |    |
|         | \"         |            |            |         |    |
|         | No         |            |            |         |    |
|         | n-Suitable |            |            |         |    |
|         | \"Off\"    |            |            |         |    |
|         | cell\"     |            |            |         |    |
|         |            |            |            |         |    |
|         | \- NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 12 as a    |            |            |         |    |
|         | \"No       |            |            |         |    |
|         | n-Suitable |            |            |         |    |
|         | \"Off\"    |            |            |         |    |
|         | cell \".   |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 41      | The user   | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | sets the   |            |            |         |    |
|         | UE in      |            |            |         |    |
|         | Manual     |            |            |         |    |
|         | SNPN       |            |            |         |    |
|         | selection  |            |            |         |    |
|         | mode.      |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 42      | Cleare the | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | Re         |            |            |         |    |
|         | gistration |            |            |         |    |
|         | i          |            |            |         |    |
|         | nformation |            |            |         |    |
|         | in UE.     |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 43      | Switch on  | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | the UE     |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 44      | The SS     | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | c          |            |            |         |    |
|         | onfigures: |            |            |         |    |
|         |            |            |            |         |    |
|         | \- NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 12 as the  |            |            |         |    |
|         | \"Serving  |            |            |         |    |
|         | cell\".    |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 45      | Manual     | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | selection  |            |            |         |    |
|         | of SNPN    |            |            |         |    |
|         | identified |            |            |         |    |
|         | by NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 12 is      |            |            |         |    |
|         | performed. |            |            |         |    |
|         |            |            |            |         |    |
|         | NOTE: This |            |            |         |    |
|         | is         |            |            |         |    |
|         | performed  |            |            |         |    |
|         | via MMI or |            |            |         |    |
|         | AT         |            |            |         |    |
|         | command.   |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 46      | Steps 1 to | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | 13 of the  |            |            |         |    |
|         | re         |            |            |         |    |
|         | gistration |            |            |         |    |
|         | procedure  |            |            |         |    |
|         | described  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in TS      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |    |
|         | \[4\]      |            |            |         |    |
|         | Table      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4.5.2.2-2  |            |            |         |    |
|         | are        |            |            |         |    |
|         | performed  |            |            |         |    |
|         | on NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 12.        |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 47      | The SS     | \<\--      | NR RRC:    | \-      | \- |
|         | transmits  |            | *DL        |         |    |
|         | an         |            | Informatio |         |    |
|         | *DL        |            | nTransfer* |         |    |
|         | Informatio |            |            |         |    |
|         | nTransfer* |            | 5G MM:     |         |    |
|         | message,   |            | RE         |         |    |
|         | and a      |            | GISTRATION |         |    |
|         | *RE        |            | ACCEPT     |         |    |
|         | GISTRATION |            |            |         |    |
|         | ACCEPT*    |            |            |         |    |
|         | message    |            |            |         |    |
|         | containing |            |            |         |    |
|         | steering   |            |            |         |    |
|         | of roaming |            |            |         |    |
|         | i          |            |            |         |    |
|         | nformation |            |            |         |    |
|         | indicating |            |            |         |    |
|         | that       |            |            |         |    |
|         | ackn       |            |            |         |    |
|         | owledgment |            |            |         |    |
|         | is not     |            |            |         |    |
|         | requested  |            |            |         |    |
|         | from the   |            |            |         |    |
|         | UE for     |            |            |         |    |
|         | successful |            |            |         |    |
|         | reception. |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 48      | Check:     | \--\>      | NR RRC:    | 2       | P  |
|         | Does the   |            | *UL        |         |    |
|         | UE         |            | Informatio |         |    |
|         | transmit   |            | nTransfer* |         |    |
|         | an         |            |            |         |    |
|         | *UL        |            | 5G MM:     |         |    |
|         | Informatio |            | RE         |         |    |
|         | nTransfer* |            | GISTRATION |         |    |
|         | message    |            | COMPLETE   |         |    |
|         | and        |            |            |         |    |
|         | *RE        |            |            |         |    |
|         | GISTRATION |            |            |         |    |
|         | COMPLETE*  |            |            |         |    |
|         | message    |            |            |         |    |
|         | without    |            |            |         |    |
|         | including  |            |            |         |    |
|         | an SOR     |            |            |         |    |
|         | t          |            |            |         |    |
|         | ransparent |            |            |         |    |
|         | container  |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| \-      | EXCEPTION: | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | Step 47a1  |            |            |         |    |
|         | describes  |            |            |         |    |
|         | behaviour  |            |            |         |    |
|         | depending  |            |            |         |    |
|         | on UE      |            |            |         |    |
|         | imple      |            |            |         |    |
|         | mentation; |            |            |         |    |
|         | the        |            |            |         |    |
|         | \"lower    |            |            |         |    |
|         | case       |            |            |         |    |
|         | letter\"   |            |            |         |    |
|         | identifies |            |            |         |    |
|         | a step     |            |            |         |    |
|         | sequence   |            |            |         |    |
|         | that take  |            |            |         |    |
|         | place if   |            |            |         |    |
|         | the UE     |            |            |         |    |
|         | performs a |            |            |         |    |
|         | specific   |            |            |         |    |
|         | action.    |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 49a1    | IF         | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | pc\_noOf   |            |            |         |    |
|         | \_PDUsSame |            |            |         |    |
|         | Connection |            |            |         |    |
|         | \> 0 THEN  |            |            |         |    |
|         | the        |            |            |         |    |
|         | generic    |            |            |         |    |
|         | procedure  |            |            |         |    |
|         | for        |            |            |         |    |
|         | UE         |            |            |         |    |
|         | -requested |            |            |         |    |
|         | PDU        |            |            |         |    |
|         | session    |            |            |         |    |
|         | esta       |            |            |         |    |
|         | blishment, |            |            |         |    |
|         | specified  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in         |            |            |         |    |
|         | subclause  |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4.5A.2,    |            |            |         |    |
|         | takes      |            |            |         |    |
|         | place      |            |            |         |    |
|         | performing |            |            |         |    |
|         | est        |            |            |         |    |
|         | ablishment |            |            |         |    |
|         | of         |            |            |         |    |
|         | UE         |            |            |         |    |
|         | -requested |            |            |         |    |
|         | PDU        |            |            |         |    |
|         | session(s) |            |            |         |    |
|         | with       |            |            |         |    |
|         | ExpectedNu |            |            |         |    |
|         | mberOfNewP |            |            |         |    |
|         | DUSessions |            |            |         |    |
|         | =          |            |            |         |    |
|         | pc\_noOf\  |            |            |         |    |
|         | _PDUsSameC |            |            |         |    |
|         | onnection. |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 50      | The SS     | \<\--      | NR RRC:    | \-      | \- |
|         | transmits  |            | *R         |         |    |
|         | an         |            | RCRelease* |         |    |
|         | *R         |            |            |         |    |
|         | RCRelease* |            |            |         |    |
|         | message    |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 51      | SS starts  | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | timer of   |            |            |         |    |
|         | 60s and    |            |            |         |    |
|         | waits this |            |            |         |    |
|         | timer      |            |            |         |    |
|         | expires    |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 52      | Check:     | \-         | *-*        | 2       | P  |
|         | Does the   |            |            |         |    |
|         | UE is in   |            |            |         |    |
|         | state 5GC  |            |            |         |    |
|         | RRC\_IDLE  |            |            |         |    |
|         | on NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 12 as      |            |            |         |    |
|         | specified  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in TS      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |    |
|         | \[4\]      |            |            |         |    |
|         | Table      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4.         |            |            |         |    |
|         | 9.4.2.2-1? |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+

##### 6.3.3.1.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-67 .H6}

Table 6.3.3.1.3.3-1: *REGISTRATION ACCEPT* (Steps 15 and 36, Table
6.3.3.1.3.2-1)

  Derivation Path: 38.508-1 Table 4.7.1-7                                                                                                                                                                        
  --------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark                                                                      Comment                                                                  Condition
  SOR Transparent Container                           Present                                                                           The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.   
  Length of SOR transparent container contents                                                                                          2 octet                                                                  
  SOR header                                                                                                                            1 octet                                                                  
  SOR data type                                       0                                                                                 The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.   
  List indication value                               0                                                                                 No List of preferred PLMN/access technology combinations is provided     
  Acknowledgement (ACK) value                         '0'B                                                                              Acknowledgement is NOT requested                                         
  Additional parameters (AP) value                    '1'B                                                                              Additional parameters is included                                        
  SoR-MAC-I~AUS~                                      Set to match the calculated SoR-MAC-I~AUS~ as the way defined in TS 33.501 A.17                                                                            
  CounterSOR                                          Value generated as per TS 33.501 Cl 6.14.2.3                                                                                                               
  Length of PLMN ID and access technology list        Not present                                                                                                                                                
  PLMN ID and access technology list                  Not present                                                                                                                                                
  SOR-CMCI indicator (SI) value                       '0'B                                                                              SOR-CMCI absent                                                          
  SOR-SNPN-SI indicator (SSSI) value                  '1'B                                                                              SOR-SNPN-SI present                                                      
  SOR-SNPN-SI                                         present                                                                                                                                                    
  CLSI                                                '1'B                                                                              CH controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs present                
  CLGI                                                '0'B                                                                              CH controlled prioritized list of GINs absent                            
  CH controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs   SNPN identity of NR Cell 12                                                                                                                                

Table 6.3.3.1.3.3-2: *REGISTRATION COMPLETE for NR Cell 11* (Step 16,
Table 6.3.3.1.3.2-1)

  Derivation Path: 38.508-1 Table 4.7.1-8                                                                                                          
  ----------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                       Value/remark   Comment                                                                                 Condition
  SOR Transparent Container                 Not Present    The SOR transparent container should not be present when ACK is not requested by UDM.   

Table 6.3.3.1.3.3-3: REGISTRATION REQUEST (Step 20, Table 6.3.3.1.3.2-1)

  ----------------------------------------------------- ----------------------- --------------------------- -----------------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 Table 4.7.1-6                                                                
  Information Element                                   Value/remark            Comment                     Condition
  5GS registration type value                           '001'B                  Initial registration        
  **5GMM capability**                                                                                       
  **All octets with the exception of octet 7, bit 4**   **Any allowed value**                               
  **SOR-SNPN-SI (SSNPNSI) (octet 7, bit 4)**            **'1'B**                **SOR-SNPN-SI supported**   **pc\_SSNPNSI**
  ----------------------------------------------------- ----------------------- --------------------------- -----------------

#### 6.3.3.2 Steering of Roaming in SNPN / After registration / Security check successful

##### 6.3.3.2.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-77 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-141 .H6}

**with** { UE is in automatic SNPN selection mode and has registered
onto a non-subscribed SNPN }

**ensure that** {

**when** { SOR Transparent container included in DL NAS TRANSPORT
message contains steering of roaming information and indicates ACK has
been requested and security check is successful }

**then** { UE sends an SOR transparent container with ACK in UL NAS
TRANSPORT message and waits until it moves to idle mode or
5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication before attempting to
obtain service on a higher priority SNPN }

}

##### 6.3.3.2.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-77 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 23.122 clauses C.6. Unless otherwise stated these are
Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.6\]

2\) The AMF to the UE: the AMF sends a DL NAS TRANSPORT message to the
served UE. The AMF includes in the DL NAS TRANSPORT message the steering
of roaming information received from the UDM.

3\) Upon receiving the steering of roaming information, the UE shall
perform a security check on the steering of roaming information included
in the DL NAS TRANSPORT message to verify that the steering of roaming
information is provided by the subscribed SNPN or HPLMN, and

\- if the security check is successful, then:

a\) if the steering of roaming information contains the SOR-SNPN-SI, the
ME shall replace the credentials holder controlled prioritized lists of
preferred SNPNs for the selected entry of the \"list of subscriber
data\" or the selected PLMN subscription with the received credentials
holder controlled prioritized lists of preferred SNPNs, if any, the ME
shall replace the credentials holder controlled prioritized lists of
GINs for the selected entry of the \"list of subscriber data\" or the
selected PLMN subscription with the received credentials holder
controlled prioritized lists of GINs, if any, and the ME shall delete
the SNPNs identified by the credentials holder controlled prioritized
lists of preferred SNPNs or credentials holder controlled prioritized
lists of GINs from the list of \"temporarily forbidden SNPNs\" and the
list of \"permanently forbidden SNPNs\", if they are present in these
lists.

If the UDM has requested an acknowledgement from the UE in the DL NAS
TRANSPORT message, the UE sends an UL NAS TRANSPORT message to the
serving AMF with an SOR transparent container including the UE
acknowledgement and the UE shall set the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\"
indicator to \"supported\".

If the UE is in automatic network selection mode, the selected SNPN is a
non-subscribed SNPN and the UE decides to perform SNPN selection, then:

\- if the UE is configured with the SOR-CMCI or received the SOR-CMCI
over N1 NAS signalling, the UE shall apply the actions in clause C.4; or

\- the UE shall wait until it moves to idle mode or 5GMM-CONNECTED mode
with RRC inactive indication (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) before
attempting to obtain service on a higher priority SNPN as specified in
clause 4.9.3.

If the selected SNPN is a non-subscribed SNPN and the UE has an
established emergency PDU session then the UE may attempt to perform the
SNPN selection subsequently after the emergency PDU session is released,
if the UE is in automatic network selection mode.

If the UDM has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE, then steps
4 is skipped; and

\- If the selected SNPN is a non-subscribed SNPN, the security check is
not successful and the UE is in automatic network selection mode, then:

> \- if the UE has a SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the
> ME, then:
>
> \- if there are ongoing PDU sessions or services, the UE shall apply
> the actions in clause C.4.2, and the current SNPN is considered as
> lowest priority; or
>
> \- if there are no ongoing PDU sessions or services, the UE shall
> release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally and attempt
> to obtain service on a higher priority SNPN as specified in
> clause 4.9.3, with an exception that the current SNPN is considered as
> lowest priority;
>
> \- if the UE does not have a SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile
> memory of the ME, then:
>
> \- if there are ongoing PDU sessions or services, the UE shall wait
> until it moves to idle mode or 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive
> indication (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) before attempting to obtain
> service on a higher priority SNPN as specified in clause 4.9.3, with
> an exception that the current SNPN is considered as lowest priority.
> If the selected SNPN is a non-subscribed SNPN and the UE has an
> established emergency PDU session, then the UE shall attempt to
> perform the SNPN selection after the emergency PDU session is
> released; or
>
> \- if there are no ongoing PDU sessions or services, the UE shall
> release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally and attempt
> to obtain service on a higher priority SNPN as specified in
> clause 4.9.3, with an exception that the current SNPN is considered as
> lowest priority.

If the UDM has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE, then step 4
is skipped;

> NOTE 5: When the UE is in the manual mode of operation and the current
> chosen non-subscribed SNPN is part of the user controlled prioritized
> list of preferred SNPNs, the UE stays on the current chosen
> non-subscribed SNPN.

##### 6.3.3.2.3 Test Description {#test-description-76 .H6}

##### 6.3.3.2.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-76 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-57 .H6}

\- 2 SNPN cell: NR Cell 11 and NR Cell 12 are configured broadcasting
default SNPN IDs as indicated in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.2-4.

\- System information combination NR-27 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cell 11 and NR Cell 12.

\- NR Cell 11 and NR Cell 12 are set to "Serving Cell".

UE:

\- The UE is in Automatic SNPN selection mode.

\- The UE is provisioned with a "list of subscriber data" to allow
access to SNPN identified by NR cell 11 and NR Cell 12.

\- The SNPN identity of NR Cell 11 contained in the credentials holder
controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs is higher priority than
SNPN identity of NR Cell 12.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-74 .H6}

\- Ensure that the UE has cleared the Registered SNPN, and the UE is in
state Switched OFF (state 0-A) as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table
4.4A.2-0.

##### 6.3.3.2.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-75 .H6}

Table 6.3.3.2.3.2-1: Main behaviour

+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| St     | Procedure   | Message     | TP          | Verdict |    |
|        |             | Sequence    |             |         |    |
+========+=============+=============+=============+=========+====+
|        |             | U - S       | Message     |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 1      | Power on    | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | the UE      |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 2      | Whole       | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | r           |             |             |         |    |
|        | egistration |             |             |         |    |
|        | procedure   |             |             |         |    |
|        | described   |             |             |         |    |
|        | in TS       |             |             |         |    |
|        | 38.508-1    |             |             |         |    |
|        | \[4\] Table |             |             |         |    |
|        | 4.5.2.2-2   |             |             |         |    |
|        | are         |             |             |         |    |
|        | performed   |             |             |         |    |
|        | on NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|        | 11, with    |             |             |         |    |
|        | "connected  |             |             |         |    |
|        | without     |             |             |         |    |
|        | release"    |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 3      | The SS      | \<\--       | NR RRC:     | \-      | \- |
|        | transmits   |             | *           |         |    |
|        | an          |             | DLInformati |         |    |
|        | *           |             | onTransfer* |         |    |
|        | DLInformati |             |             |         |    |
|        | onTransfer* |             | 5G MM: *DL  |         |    |
|        | message     |             | NAS         |         |    |
|        | containing  |             | TRANSPORT*  |         |    |
|        | steering of |             |             |         |    |
|        | roaming     |             |             |         |    |
|        | information |             |             |         |    |
|        | indicating  |             |             |         |    |
|        | that        |             |             |         |    |
|        | ack         |             |             |         |    |
|        | nowledgment |             |             |         |    |
|        | is          |             |             |         |    |
|        | requested   |             |             |         |    |
|        | from the UE |             |             |         |    |
|        | for         |             |             |         |    |
|        | successful  |             |             |         |    |
|        | reception.  |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 4      | Check: Does | \--\>       | NR RRC:     | 1       | P  |
|        | the UE      |             | *           |         |    |
|        | transmit an |             | ULInformati |         |    |
|        | ULInformat  |             | onTransfer* |         |    |
|        | ionTransfer |             |             |         |    |
|        | message     |             | 5G MM: *UL  |         |    |
|        | carrying    |             | NAS         |         |    |
|        | ackn        |             | TRANSPORT*  |         |    |
|        | owledgement |             |             |         |    |
|        | of          |             |             |         |    |
|        | successful  |             |             |         |    |
|        | reception   |             |             |         |    |
|        | of the      |             |             |         |    |
|        | steering of |             |             |         |    |
|        | roaming     |             |             |         |    |
|        | i           |             |             |         |    |
|        | nformation? |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 5      | The SS      | \<\--       | NR RRC:     | \-      | \- |
|        | transmits   |             | *           |         |    |
|        | an          |             | RRCRelease* |         |    |
|        | *           |             |             |         |    |
|        | RRCRelease* |             |             |         |    |
|        | message.    |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 6      | Check: Does | \--\>       | NR RRC:     | 1       | P  |
|        | the UE      |             | *RRCSe      |         |    |
|        | transmit an |             | tupRequest* |         |    |
|        | *RRCSe      |             |             |         |    |
|        | tupRequest* |             |             |         |    |
|        | message on  |             |             |         |    |
|        | NR Cell 12? |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 7-24a1 | Steps 3 to  | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | 20a1 of the |             |             |         |    |
|        | r           |             |             |         |    |
|        | egistration |             |             |         |    |
|        | procedure   |             |             |         |    |
|        | described   |             |             |         |    |
|        | in TS       |             |             |         |    |
|        | 38.508-1    |             |             |         |    |
|        | \[4\] Table |             |             |         |    |
|        | 4.5.2.2-2   |             |             |         |    |
|        | are         |             |             |         |    |
|        | performed   |             |             |         |    |
|        | on NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|        | 12.         |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+

##### 6.3.3.2.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-68 .H6}

Table 6.3.3.2.3.3-1: *DL NAS TRANSPORT Message* (Step 3, Table
6.3.3.2.3.2-1)

  Derivation Path: 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-11 with condition 5GS\_SOR\_CMCI                                                                                                                                      
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                            Value/remark                  Comment                                                                                              Condition
  Payload container                                                              Present                       The SOR transparent container in the payload container IE carries steering of roaming information.   
  Payload container contents                                                                                                                                                                                        
  SOR Transparent Container                                                      Present                       The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.                               
  SOR header                                                                                                                                                                                                        
  List indication value                                                          '0'B                          no list of preferred PLMN/access technology combinations is provided                                 
  Acknowledgement (ACK) value                                                    '1'B                          Acknowledgement is requested                                                                         
  Additional parameters (AP) value                                               '1'B                          Additional parameters is included                                                                    
  Length of PLMN ID and access technology list                                   Not present                                                                                                                        
  PLMN ID and access technology list                                             Not present                                                                                                                        
  SOR-CMCI indicator (SI) value                                                  '0'B                          SOR-CMCI absent                                                                                      
  SOR-SNPN-SI indicator (SSSI) value                                             '1'B                          SOR-SNPN-SI present                                                                                  
  SOR-CMCI                                                                       Not present                                                                                                                        
  SOR-SNPN-SI                                                                    present                                                                                                                            
  CLSI                                                                           '1'B                          CH controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs present                                            
  CLGI                                                                           '0'B                          CH controlled prioritized list of GINs absent                                                        
  CH controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs                              SNPN identity of NR Cell 12                                                                                                        

Table 6.3.3.2.3.3-2: *UL NAS TRANSPORT Message* (Step 4, Table
6.3.3.2.3.2-1)

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-10 with condition 5GS\_SOR\_CMCI
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table 6.3.3.2.3.3-3: REGISTRATION REQUEST (Step 8, Table 6.3.3.2.3.2-1)

  -------------------------------------------------- -------------- ---------------------- -----------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-6                                         
  Information Element                                Value/remark   Comment                Condition
  5GS registration type value                        '001'B         Initial registration   
  -------------------------------------------------- -------------- ---------------------- -----------

#### 6.3.3.3 Steering of Roaming in SNPN / After registration / SOR-CMCI rule / match all

##### 6.3.3.3.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-78 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-142 .H6}

**with** { UE is in automatic SNPN selection mode and has registered
onto a non-subscribed SNPN with an established PDU session }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE receives SOR Transparent container included in DL NAS
TRANSPORT message contains steering of roaming information with the
SOR-CMCI field which includes Tsor-cm timer and Criterion type with
setting as match all }

**then** { UE sends an SOR transparent container with ACK in UL NAS
TRANSPORT message and UE sends DEREGISTRATION REQUEST message after
Tsor-cm timer expires and selects higher priority SNPN after
DEREGISTRATION procedure is completed successfully }

}

##### 6.3.3.3.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-78 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 23.122 clauses C.4.1, clause C.4.2 and clause C.4.3.
Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.4.1\]

The HPLMN or subscribed SNPN, based on operator policy, may provide the
UE with SOR-CMCI to control the timing when the UE enters idle mode and
performs higher priority PLMN/access technology or SNPN selection. This
is achieved by the HPLMN indicating to the UE the criteria for releasing
specific PDU session(s) or services and entering idle mode.

NOTE 1: The released PDU sessions may be re-established by the
application once the UE successfully registers on a higher priority PLMN
or SNPN. User interaction is required for some applications.

The HPLMN or subscribed SNPN may configure the SOR-CMCI in the UE, and
may also provide the SOR-CMCI to the UE over N1 NAS signalling. The
SOR-CMCI received over N1 NAS signalling takes precedence over the
SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the ME or stored in the
USIM.

NOTE 2: The SOR-CMCI received over N1 NAS signalling in the SOR
information is either the SOR-CMCI in the USAT REFRESH with command
qualifier of type \"Steering of Roaming\" (see 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\])
which is received in a secured packet, or the SOR-CMCI received in plain
text.

If the UE receives SOR information containing the list of preferred
PLMN/access technology combinations or SOR-SNPN-SI without SOR-CMCI, or
the ME receives USAT REFRESH with command qualifier (see
3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]) of type \"Steering of Roaming\" without SOR-CMCI,
or the security check of the received steering of roaming information is
not successful as described in clause C.2, clause C.3 and clause C.4.3,
then:

1\) if the UE has SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the ME,
the UE shall use the SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the
ME; and

2\) if the UE has no SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the
ME, the UE shall use the SOR-CMCI stored in the USIM, if any.

The UE shall delete the stored SOR-CMCI, if any, in the non-volatile
memory of the ME and store the received SOR-CMCI in the non-volatile
memory of the ME when:

1\) the ME receives SOR-CMCI in the USAT REFRESH with command qualifier
(see 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]) of type \"Steering of Roaming\"; or

2\) the UE receives the steering of roaming information containing the
SOR-CMCI over N1 NAS signalling and the UE receives the \"Store SOR-CMCI
in ME\" indicator set to \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\";

The SOR-CMCI shall be stored in the non-volatile memory of the ME
together with the SUPI from the USIM. The ME shall not delete the
SOR-CMCI when the UE is switched off. The ME shall delete the SOR-CMCI
when a new USIM is inserted.

SOR-CMCI consists of SOR-CMCI rules. Each SOR-CMCI rule consists of the
following parameters:

i\) a criterion of one of the following types:

\- PDU session attribute type criterion;

\- service type criterion;

\- SOR security check criterion; or

\- match all type criterion; and

ii\) a value for Tsor-cm timer associated with each criterion presented
in i) indicating the time the UE shall wait before releasing the PDU
sessions or the services and entering idle mode.

SOR-CMCI contains zero, one or more SOR-CMCI rules with PDU session
attribute type criterion, zero, one or more SOR-CMCI rules with service
type criterion, and zero or one SOR-CMCI rule with match all type
criterion.

PDU session attribute type criterion consists of one of the following:

a\) DNN of the PDU session;

b\) S-NSSAI STT of the PDU session; or

c\) S-NSSAI SST and SD of the PDU session.

Service type criterion consists of one of the following:

a\) IMS registration related signalling;

b\) MMTEL voice call;

c\) MMTEL video call; or

d\) SMS over NAS or SMSoIP.

SOR security check criterion consists of:

a\) SOR security check not successful.

Match all type criterion consists of:

a\) match all.

When the SOR-CMCI received by the UE over N1 NAS signalling contains no
SOR-CMCI rules, the UE shall stop all running Tsor-cm timers, if any,
and act as if no SOR-CMCI is configured. Additionally:

\- if the SOR-CMCI is received in plain text and it also contains the
\"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, the UE shall delete the stored
SOR-CMCI in the non-volatile memory of the ME, if any; and

\- if the SOR-CMCI is received in a secured packet, and the USIM
provides the ME with the SOR-CMCI in the USAT REFRESH with command
qualifier of type \"Steering of Roaming\" (see 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]),
then the UE shall delete the stored SOR-CMCI in the non-volatile memory
of the ME, if any.

The HPLMN may update the SOR-CMCI in the USIM such that it contains no
SOR-CMCI rules, in which case the UE behaviour described in clause C.4.2
applies. Also the HPLMN may make the SOR-CMCI file in the USIM
unavailable (see 3GPP TS 31.102 \[40\]).

If there are more than one criterion applicable for a PDU session (e.g.,
a criterion for the PDU session and another one for the service) then
the Tsor-cm timer with the highest value shall apply.

If there are more than one criterion applicable to different ongoing PDU
sessions or services leading to multiple applicable Tsor-cm timers, then
all the applicable Tsor-cm timers shall be started. Further handling of
such cases is described in clause C.4.2.

If the value for Tsor-cm timer equals \"infinity\" then the UE shall
wait until the PDU session is released or the service is stopped.

The Tsor-cm timer is applicable only if the UE is in automatic network
selection mode.

Upon switching to the manual network selection mode, the UE shall stop
any Tsor-cm timer, if running. In this case, the UE is not required to
enter idle mode and perform the de-registration procedure.

The UE shall consider the following services as exempted from being
forced to release the related established PDU session, if any, enter
idle mode and perform high priority PLMN/access technology or SNPN
selection. These services are known to the UE by default and the UE
shall not follow the SOR-CMCI criteria even if configured to interrupt
such services:

i\) emergency services.

The UE configured with high priority access in the selected PLMN or SNPN
shall consider all services and all related established PDU sessions, if
any, to be exempted from being forced to be released to enter idle mode
and perform high priority PLMN/access technology or SNPN selection.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.4.2\]

During SOR procedure and while applying SOR-CMCI, the UE shall determine
the time to release the PDU session(s) or the services as follows:

\- If the UE encounters SOR security check not successful on the
received steering of roaming information, and a matching criterion \"SOR
security check not successful\" is included in the SOR-CMCI stored in
the non-volatile memory of the ME, then the UE shall:

\- if the timer value is not zero, start an associated Tsor-cm timer
with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;

\- stop all other running Tsor-cm timers, if any; and

\- not start any new Tsor-cm timer while Tsor-cm timer associated with
\"SOR security check not successful\" criterion is running;

\- If one or more SOR-CMCI rules are included in SOR-CMCI, where for
each criterion:

a\) DNN of the PDU session:

the UE shall check whether it has a PDU session with a DNN matching to
the DNN included in SOR-CMCI, and if any, the UE shall, if the timer
value is not zero, start an associated Tsor-cm timer with the value
included in the SOR-CMCI;

b\) S-NSSAI SST of the PDU session:

the UE shall check whether it has a PDU session with a S-NSSAI SST
matching the S-NSSAI SST included in SOR-CMCI, and if any, the UE shall,
if the timer value is not zero, start an associated Tsor-cm timer with
the value included in the SOR-CMCI;

b1) S-NSSAI SST and SD of the PDU session:

the UE shall check whether it has a PDU session with a S-NSSAI SST and
SD matching the S-NSSAI SST and SD included in SOR-CMCI, and if any, the
UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an associated Tsor-cm
timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;

c\) IMS registration related signalling:

the UE shall check whether IMS registration related signalling is
ongoing, and if it is ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not
zero, start an associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the
SOR-CMCI;

d\) MMTEL voice call:

the UE shall check whether MMTEL voice call is ongoing, and if it is
ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an
associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;

e\) MMTEL video call:

the UE shall check whether MMTEL video call is ongoing, and if it is
ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an
associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;

f\) SMS over NAS or SMSoIP:

the UE shall check whether SMS over NAS or SMSoIP services is ongoing,
and if it is ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero,
start an associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the
SOR-CMCI; or

g\) match all:

the UE shall check whether there are any PDU sessions or services for
which there is no matching criterion in a) to f) above. If such PDU
session or service exists, then for each of these PDU sessions or
services, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an
associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI.

If the SOR-CMCI is available, and:

\- the SOR-CMCI used is in the USIM, contains no SOR-CMCI rule;

\- there are one or more SOR-CMCI rules but there is no criterion
matched with any ongoing PDU session or service; or

\- there are one or more SOR-CMCI rules and there is one or more
criteria matched with an ongoing PDU session or service, but the highest
Tsor-cm timer value associated with the matched criteria is equal to
zero;

then there is no Tsor-cm timer started for any PDU session or service.

While one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, the UE shall check the
newly established PDU session or service for a matching criterion in the
SOR-CMCI:

\- If a matching criterion is found and the applicable Tsor-cm timer
indicated the value \"infinity\" then the UE shall start the Tsor-cm
timer associated to the newly established PDU session or service with
the value set to infinity; or

\- For all other cases, if a matching criterion is found and the timer
value is not zero then the UE shall start the Tsor-cm timer associated
to the newly established PDU session or service with the value included
in the SOR-CMCI, with the exception that if the value of the Tsor-cm
timer included in the SOR-CMCI exceeds the highest value among the
current values of all running Tsor-cm timers, then the value of the
Tsor-cm timer for the newly established PDU session or service shall be
set to the highest value among the current values of all running Tsor-cm
timers.

NOTE 1: For newly established PDU session or service as described above,
the timer is set irrespective of whether other ongoing PDU sessions or
services that match the same criteria exist and for which corresponding
Tsor-cm timers are running.

NOTE 2: NAS 5GMM layer will receive an explicit indication from the
upper layers that a service is started or stopped. When a service is
started, it is handled as a new service in the procedures described in
this clause.

NOTE 3: While one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, the UE can trigger
any 5GSM procedure or start new services.

While one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, upon receiving a new
SOR-CMCI as described in annex C.4.3, the UE shall check if there is a
matching criterion found for any ongoing PDU session or service in the
new SOR-CMCI:

\- if a matching criterion is found and the value of Tsor-cm timer in
the new SOR-CMCI indicates the value \"infinity\", then:

a\) if the Tsor-cm timer associated to the PDU session or service is not
running, then the UE shall start the Tsor-cm timer associated to the PDU
session or service with the value set to infinity; or

b\) if the Tsor-cm timer associated to the PDU session or service is
already running, then the UE shall set the value of the Tsor-cm timer
associated to the PDU session or service to infinity without stopping
and restarting the timer;

\- if a matching criterion is found and the value of Tsor-cm timer in
the new SOR-CMCI is other than infinity and is smaller than the current
value of the running Tsor-cm timer for the associated PDU session or
service, then the Tsor-cm timer value for the associated PDU session or
service shall be replaced with the value in the new SOR-CMCI without
stopping and restarting the timer; or

\- for all other cases, the running Tsor-cm timers for the associated
PDU sessions or services are kept unchanged.

The Tsor-cm timer shall be stopped when the associated PDU session is
released or the associated service is stopped.

If the security check on the received steering of roaming information is
successful, the UE shall stop the Tsor-cm timer associated with \"SOR
security check not successful\", if running, and act on the received
steering of roaming information. The current PLMN or SNPN is not
considered as lowest priority.

NOTE 4: This also applies to the case when the current PLMN or SNPN is
different from the PLMN or SNPN in which the Tsor-cm timer associated
with \"SOR security check not successful\" was started.

If the UE, while one or more Tsor-cm timers are running:

a\) enters idle mode not due to lower layer failure (see
3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]);

b\) is not able to successfully recover the N1 NAS signalling connection
(see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]); or

c\) enters 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]);

then the UE shall stop the timer(s). In these cases, if:

a\) the UE has a list of available and allowable PLMNs or SNPNs in the
area and based on this list or any other implementation specific means,
the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN or SNPN than the
selected VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN; or

b\) the UE does not have a list of available and allowable PLMNs or
SNPNs in the area and is unable to determine whether there is a higher
priority PLMN or SNPN than the selected VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN
using any other implementation specific means;

then the UE shall attempt to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN or
SNPN as specified in clause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T that
controls periodic attempts has expired or as specified in clause 4.9.3.

NOTE 5: When the UE enters idle mode due to lower layer failure while
one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, then the UE does not stop
Tsor-cm timer(s) as recovery of NAS signalling connection is possible
(see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).

When the UE determines that no Tsor-cm timer is started for any PDU
session or service, the last running Tsor-cm timer is stopped due to
release of the associated PDU sessions or stop of the associated
services, or the last running Tsor-cm timer expires, if:

i\) the UE has a list of available and allowable PLMNs or SNPNs in the
area and based on this list or any other implementation specific means,
the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN or SNPN than the
selected VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN; or

ii\) the UE does not have a list of available and allowable PLMNs or
SNPNs in the area and is unable to determine whether there is a higher
priority PLMN or SNPN than the selected VPLMN or non-subscribed
SNPNusing any other implementation specific means;

then if the UE is in 5GMM-CONNECTED mode, the UE shall perform the
deregistration procedure (see clause 4.2.2.3 of 3GPP TS 23.502 \[63\])
that releases all the established PDU sessions and services, if any, and
once the UE enters idle mode it shall attempt to obtain service on a
higher priority PLMN or SNPN as specified in clause 4.4.3.3 by acting as
if timer T that controls periodic attempts has expired or as specified
in clause 4.9.3.

NOTE 6: The list of available and allowable PLMNs or SNPNs in the area
is implementation specific.

The UE which has an emergency PDU session, receives a request from the
upper layers to establish an emergency PDU session or perform emergency
services fallback, registers for emergency services, or is configured
for high priority access in the selected PLMN or SNPN is not required to
enter idle mode if the last running Tsor-cm timer for any PDU session or
service stops or expires. In this case, the UE shall attempt to perform
the PLMN or SNPN selection after the emergency PDU session or the high
priority service is released and after the UE enters idle mode or
5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).

If the UE selects a cell of any access technology other than NG-RAN, the
ongoing SOR procedure is terminated and the UE shall stop applying
SOR-CMCI and stop all running Tsor-cm timers without triggering any
further actions.

NOTE 7: If the UE is served by any access technology other than NG-RAN,
the HPLMN can initiate a steering of roaming procedure as specified in
clause 4.4.6.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.4.3\]

3\) The AMF to the UE: the AMF sends a DL NAS TRANSPORT message to the
served UE. The AMF includes in the DL NAS TRANSPORT message the steering
of roaming information received from the UDM.

4\) Upon receiving the steering of roaming information containing the
SOR-CMCI and the HPLMN indication that \'no change of the \"Operator
Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" list stored in the UE
is needed and thus no list of preferred PLMN/access technology
combinations is provided\' or the HPLMN or subscribed SNPN indication
that \'no change of the SOR-SNPN-SI stored in the UE is needed and thus
no SOR-SNPN-SI is provided\', or the secured packet, the UE shall
perform a security check on the steering of roaming information included
in the DL NAS TRANSPORT message to verify that the steering of roaming
information is provided by HPLMN or subscribed SNPN, and:

a\) if the security check is successful, the UE shall store the SOR-CMCI
according to clause C.4.1. If the UE has one or more Tsor-cm timers
running, the UE shall apply the received SOR-CMCI as described in C.4.2.

If the steering of roaming information contains a secured packet and the
UDM has requested an acknowledgement from the UE in the DL NAS TRANSPORT
message, the UE sends an UL NAS TRANSPORT message to the serving AMF
with an SOR transparent container including the UE acknowledgement and
the UE shall set the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator to
\"supported\" only after the ME receives UICC responses indicating that
the UICC has received the secured packet successfully. Otherwise, if the
UDM has requested an acknowledgement from the UE in the DL NAS TRANSPORT
message, the UE sends an UL NAS TRANSPORT message to the serving AMF
with an SOR transparent container including the UE acknowledgement and
the UE shall set the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator to
\"supported\". Additionally, if the UE supports access to an SNPN using
credentials from a credentials holder and the UE is in a PLMN, the UE
may set the \"ME support of SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator to \"supported\".

If the UDM has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE then step 5
is skipped; and

b\) if the selected PLMN is a VPLMN or a non-subscribed SNPN, the
security check is not successful and the UE is in automatic network
selection mode, then:

\- if the UE has a SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the ME,
the current PLMN is considered as lowest priority and the UE shall apply
the actions in clause C.4.2;

\- otherwise, the UE shall wait until it moves to idle mode or
5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) before attempting to obtain service on a higher
priority PLMN as specified in clause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T
that controls periodic attempts has expired, with an exception that the
current PLMN is considered as lowest priority, or before attempting to
obtain service on a higher priority SNPN as specified in clause 4.9.3,
with an exception that the current registered SNPN is considered as
lowest priority. If the selected PLMN or SNPN is a VPLMN or a
non-subscribed SNPN and the UE has an established emergency PDU session
then the UE shall attempt to perform the PLMN selection after the
emergency PDU session is released and after the UE enters idle mode or
5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).

Step 5 is skipped;

NOTE 5: When the UE is in the manual mode of operation or the current
chosen VPLMN is part of the \"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access
Technology\" list or the current chosen non-subscribed SNPN is part of
the user controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs for the selected
entry of the \"list of subscriber data\" the selected PLMN subscription,
the UE stays on the VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN.

5\) The AMF to the UDM: If the UL NAS TRANSPORT message with an SOR
transparent container is received, the AMF uses the Nudm\_SDM\_Info
service operation to provide the received SOR transparent container to
the UDM. If the HPLMN decided that the UE is to acknowledge successful
security check of the received steering of roaming information in step
2, the UDM verifies that the acknowledgement is provided by the UE. The
UDM shall store the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator and the \"ME
support of SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator, if any; and

6\) The UDM to the SOR-AF: Nsoraf\_SoR\_Info (SUPI of the UE, successful
delivery, \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator, \"ME support of
SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator, if any). If the HPLMN policy for the SOR-AF
invocation is present and the HPLMN UDM received and verified the UE
acknowledgement in step 5, then the UDM informs the SOR-AF about
successful delivery of the SOR-CMCI to the UE. The UDM shall include the
\"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator and the \"ME support of
SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator, if any.

If the selected PLMN is a VPLMN or a non-subscribed SNPN and:

\- the UE in manual mode of operation encounters security check failure
of SOR information in DL NAS TRANSPORT message; and

\- upon switching to automatic network selection mode the UE remembers
that it is still registered on the PLMN the non-subscribed SNPN where
the security check failure of SOR information was encountered;

the UE shall wait until it moves to idle mode or 5GMM-CONNECTED mode
with RRC inactive indication (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) before
attempting to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN as specified in
clause 4.4.3.3, by acting as if timer T that controls periodic attempts
has expired, with an exception that the current registered PLMN is
considered as lowest priority, or before attempting to obtained service
on a higher priority SNPN as specified in clause 4.9.3, with an
exception that the current registered SNPN is considered as lowest
priority. If the selected PLMN is a VPLMN or the selected SNPN is a
non-subscribed SNPN and the UE has an established emergency PDU session
then the UE shall attempt to perform the PLMN selection after the
emergency PDU session is released and after the UE enters idle mode or
5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).

NOTE 6: The receipt of the steering of roaming information by itself
does not trigger the release of the emergency PDU session.

##### 6.3.3.3.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-77 .H6}

System Simulator:

\- 2 SNPN cell: NR Cell 11 and NR Cell 12 is configured broadcasting
default SNPN IDs as indicated in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.2-4.

\- System information combination NR-27 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cell 11 and NR Cell 12.

\- NR Cell 11 and NR Cell 12 are set to "Serving Cell".

UE:

\- The UE is in Automatic SNPN selection mode.

\- The UE is provisioned with a "list of subscriber data" to allow
access to SNPN identified by NR cell 11 and NR Cell 12.

\- The SNPN identity of NR Cell 11 contained in the credentials holder
controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs is higher priority than
SNPN identity of NR Cell 12.

Preamble:

\- The UE is switched on and brought to state 3N-A, RRC\_CONNECTED
Connectivity (NR), in accordance with the procedure described in TS
38.508-1 \[4\], clause 4.5.4 need to be performed on NR Cell 11.

6.3.3.3.3.2 Test procedure sequence

**Table 6.3.3.3.3.2-1: Main behaviour**

+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| St     | Procedure   | Message     | TP          | Verdict |    |
|        |             | Sequence    |             |         |    |
+========+=============+=============+=============+=========+====+
|        |             | U - S       | Message     |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 1      | The SS      | \<\--       | NR RRC:     | \-      | \- |
|        | transmits   |             | *           |         |    |
|        | an          |             | DLInformati |         |    |
|        | DLInformat  |             | onTransfer* |         |    |
|        | ionTransfer |             |             |         |    |
|        | message on  |             | 5GMM: *DL   |         |    |
|        | NR Cell 11  |             | NAS         |         |    |
|        | containing  |             | TRANSPORT*  |         |    |
|        | steering of |             |             |         |    |
|        | roaming     |             |             |         |    |
|        | information |             |             |         |    |
|        | with        |             |             |         |    |
|        | ack         |             |             |         |    |
|        | nowledgment |             |             |         |    |
|        | requested   |             |             |         |    |
|        | from the UE |             |             |         |    |
|        | for         |             |             |         |    |
|        | successful  |             |             |         |    |
|        | reception.  |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 2      | The SS      | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | starts      |             |             |         |    |
|        | timer with  |             |             |         |    |
|        | Tsor-cm     |             |             |         |    |
|        | timer value |             |             |         |    |
|        | = 60s       |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 3      | Check: Does | \--\>       | NR RRC:     | 1       | P  |
|        | the UE      |             | ULInformat  |         |    |
|        | transmit an |             | ionTransfer |         |    |
|        | ULInformat  |             |             |         |    |
|        | ionTransfer |             | *5GMM: UL   |         |    |
|        | message     |             | NAS         |         |    |
|        | carrying    |             | TRANSPORT*  |         |    |
|        | ackn        |             |             |         |    |
|        | owledgement |             |             |         |    |
|        | of          |             |             |         |    |
|        | successful  |             |             |         |    |
|        | reception   |             |             |         |    |
|        | of the      |             |             |         |    |
|        | steering of |             |             |         |    |
|        | roaming     |             |             |         |    |
|        | i           |             |             |         |    |
|        | nformation? |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 4      | Check: Does | \--\>       | NR RRC:     | 1       | P  |
|        | the UE      |             | DLInformat  |         |    |
|        | transmit a  |             | ionTransfer |         |    |
|        | DER         |             |             |         |    |
|        | EGISTRATION |             | 5GMM:       |         |    |
|        | REQUEST     |             | DER         |         |    |
|        | after       |             | EGISTRATION |         |    |
|        | Tsor-cm     |             | REQUEST     |         |    |
|        | timer       |             |             |         |    |
|        | expires?    |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 5      | The SS      | \<\--       | NR RRC:     | \-      | \- |
|        | transmits a |             | DLInformat  |         |    |
|        | DER         |             | ionTransfer |         |    |
|        | EGISTRATION |             |             |         |    |
|        | ACCEPT      |             | 5GMM:       |         |    |
|        | message.    |             | DER         |         |    |
|        |             |             | EGISTRATION |         |    |
|        |             |             | ACCEPT      |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 6      | The SS      | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | releases    |             |             |         |    |
|        | the RRC     |             |             |         |    |
|        | connection  |             |             |         |    |
|        | on NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|        | 11.         |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 7      | Check: Does | \--\>       | NR RRC:     | 1       | P  |
|        | the UE      |             | RRCS        |         |    |
|        | transmit an |             | etupRequest |         |    |
|        | *RRCSe      |             |             |         |    |
|        | tupRequest* |             |             |         |    |
|        | on NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|        | 12          |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 8-25a1 | Steps 3 to  | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|        | 20a1 of     |             |             |         |    |
|        | Table       |             |             |         |    |
|        | 4.5.2.2-2   |             |             |         |    |
|        | of the      |             |             |         |    |
|        | generic     |             |             |         |    |
|        | procedure   |             |             |         |    |
|        | in TS       |             |             |         |    |
|        | 38.508-1    |             |             |         |    |
|        | \[4\] are   |             |             |         |    |
|        | performed   |             |             |         |    |
|        | on NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|        | 12.         |             |             |         |    |
+--------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+

##### 6.3.3.3.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-69 .H6}

Table 6.3.3.3.3.3-1: *DL NAS TRANSPORT Message for NR Cell 11* (Step 1,
Table 6.3.3.3.3.2-1)

  Derivation Path: 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-11 with condition 5GS\_SOR\_CMCI                                                                                                                                      
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                            Value/remark                  Comment                                                                                              Condition
  Payload container                                                              Present                       The SOR transparent container in the payload container IE carries steering of roaming information.   
  Payload container contents                                                                                                                                                                                        
  SOR Transparent Container                                                      Present                       The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.                               
  SOR header                                                                                                                                                                                                        
  List indication value                                                          '0'B                          no list of preferred PLMN/access technology combinations is provided                                 
  Acknowledgement (ACK) value                                                    '1'B                          Acknowledgement is requested                                                                         
  Additional parameters (AP) value                                               '1'B                          Additional parameters is included                                                                    
  Length of PLMN ID and access technology list                                   Not present                                                                                                                        
  PLMN ID and access technology list                                             Not present                                                                                                                        
  SOR-CMCI indicator (SI) value                                                  '1'B                          SOR-CMCI present                                                                                     
  SOR-SNPN-SI indicator (SSSI) value                                             '1'B                          SOR-SNPN-SI present                                                                                  
  SOR-CMCI                                                                       Present                                                                                                                            
  Length of SOR-CMCI contents                                                                                  Length value of SOR-CMCI rule1                                                                       
  SOR-CMCI rule 1                                                                                                                                                                                                   
  Length of SOR-CMCI rule contents                                                                             Length value of SOR-CMCI rule contents                                                               
  Tsor-cm timer value                                                            '00100001'B                   60s                                                                                                  
  Criterion type                                                                 '11111111'B                   match all                                                                                            
  Criterion value                                                                Not Present                                                                                                                        
  SOR-SNPN-SI                                                                    Present                                                                                                                            
  CLSI                                                                           '1'B                          CH controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs present                                            
  CLGI                                                                           '0'B                          CH controlled prioritized list of GINs absent                                                        
  CH controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs                              SNPN identity of NR Cell 12                                                                                                        

**Table 6.3.3.3.3.3-2: *UL NAS TRANSPORT Message for NR Cell 11* (Step
3, Table 6.3.3.3.3.2-1)**

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-10 with condition 5GS\_SOR\_CMCI.                                                                                                                                              
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------
  **Information Element**                                                            **Value/remark**   **Comment**                                                                                                             **Condition**
  Payload container                                                                  Present            The SOR transparent container in the payload container IE carries steering of roaming information.                      
  Payload container contents                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  SOR header                                                                                            1 octet                                                                                                                 
  SOR data type                                                                      1                  The SOR transparent container carries acknowledgement of successful reception of the steering of roaming information.   
  ME support of SOR-CMCI indicator (MSSI) value                                      1                  SOR-CMCI supported by the ME                                                                                            

Table 6.3.3.3.3.3-3: DEREGISTRATION REQUEST for NR Cell 11 (Step 4,
Table 6.3.3.3.3.2-1)

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.7.1-12 with condition NORMAL.
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

#### 6.3.3.4 Steering of Roaming in SNPN / After registration / SOR-CMCI rule / match all / Emergency call

##### 6.3.3.4.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-79 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-143 .H6}

**with** { UE is in automatic SNPN selection mode and has registered
onto a non-subscribed SNPN with an established PDU session }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE receives SOR Transparent container included in DL NAS
TRANSPORT message contains steering of roaming information with the
SOR-CMCI field which includes Tsor-cm timer and Criterion type with
setting as match all, and UE sends an SOR transparent container with ACK
in UL NAS TRANSPORT message, and UE initiates Emergency call in 5GS and
completes it successfully }

**then** { UE sends RRCSetupRequest message after releasing Emergency
call with expiring Tsor-cm timer and selects higher priority SNPN }

}

##### 6.3.3.4.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-79 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 23.122 clauses C.4.1, clause C.4.2, Clause C.4.3 and
clause C.6. Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.4.1\]

The HPLMN or subscribed SNPN, based on operator policy, may provide the
UE with SOR-CMCI to control the timing when the UE enters idle mode and
performs higher priority PLMN/access technology or SNPN selection. This
is achieved by the HPLMN indicating to the UE the criteria for releasing
specific PDU session(s) or services and entering idle mode.

NOTE 1: The released PDU sessions may be re-established by the
application once the UE successfully registers on a higher priority PLMN
or SNPN. User interaction is required for some applications.

The HPLMN or subscribed SNPN may configure the SOR-CMCI in the UE, and
may also provide the SOR-CMCI to the UE over N1 NAS signalling. The
SOR-CMCI received over N1 NAS signalling takes precedence over the
SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the ME or stored in the
USIM.

NOTE 2: The SOR-CMCI received over N1 NAS signalling in the SOR
information is either the SOR-CMCI in the USAT REFRESH with command
qualifier of type \"Steering of Roaming\" (see 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\])
which is received in a secured packet, or the SOR-CMCI received in plain
text.

If the UE receives SOR information containing the list of preferred
PLMN/access technology combinations or SOR-SNPN-SI without SOR-CMCI, or
the ME receives USAT REFRESH with command qualifier (see
3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]) of type \"Steering of Roaming\" without SOR-CMCI,
or the security check of the received steering of roaming information is
not successful as described in clause C.2, clause C.3 and clause C.4.3,
then:

1\) if the UE has SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the ME,
the UE shall use the SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the
ME; and

2\) if the UE has no SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the
ME, the UE shall use the SOR-CMCI stored in the USIM, if any.

The UE shall delete the stored SOR-CMCI, if any, in the non-volatile
memory of the ME and store the received SOR-CMCI in the non-volatile
memory of the ME when:

1\) the ME receives SOR-CMCI in the USAT REFRESH with command qualifier
(see 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]) of type \"Steering of Roaming\"; or

2\) the UE receives the steering of roaming information containing the
SOR-CMCI over N1 NAS signalling and the UE receives the \"Store SOR-CMCI
in ME\" indicator set to \"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\";

The SOR-CMCI shall be stored in the non-volatile memory of the ME
together with the SUPI from the USIM. The ME shall not delete the
SOR-CMCI when the UE is switched off. The ME shall delete the SOR-CMCI
when a new USIM is inserted.

SOR-CMCI consists of SOR-CMCI rules. Each SOR-CMCI rule consists of the
following parameters:

i\) a criterion of one of the following types:

\- PDU session attribute type criterion;

\- service type criterion;

\- SOR security check criterion; or

\- match all type criterion; and

ii\) a value for Tsor-cm timer associated with each criterion presented
in i) indicating the time the UE shall wait before releasing the PDU
sessions or the services and entering idle mode.

SOR-CMCI contains zero, one or more SOR-CMCI rules with PDU session
attribute type criterion, zero, one or more SOR-CMCI rules with service
type criterion, and zero or one SOR-CMCI rule with match all type
criterion.

PDU session attribute type criterion consists of one of the following:

a\) DNN of the PDU session;

b\) S-NSSAI STT of the PDU session; or

c\) S-NSSAI SST and SD of the PDU session.

Service type criterion consists of one of the following:

a\) IMS registration related signalling;

b\) MMTEL voice call;

c\) MMTEL video call; or

d\) SMS over NAS or SMSoIP.

SOR security check criterion consists of:

a\) SOR security check not successful.

Match all type criterion consists of:

a\) match all.

When the SOR-CMCI received by the UE over N1 NAS signalling contains no
SOR-CMCI rules, the UE shall stop all running Tsor-cm timers, if any,
and act as if no SOR-CMCI is configured. Additionally:

\- if the SOR-CMCI is received in plain text and it also contains the
\"Store SOR-CMCI in ME\" indicator, the UE shall delete the stored
SOR-CMCI in the non-volatile memory of the ME, if any; and

\- if the SOR-CMCI is received in a secured packet, and the USIM
provides the ME with the SOR-CMCI in the USAT REFRESH with command
qualifier of type \"Steering of Roaming\" (see 3GPP TS 31.111 \[41\]),
then the UE shall delete the stored SOR-CMCI in the non-volatile memory
of the ME, if any.

The HPLMN may update the SOR-CMCI in the USIM such that it contains no
SOR-CMCI rules, in which case the UE behaviour described in clause C.4.2
applies. Also the HPLMN may make the SOR-CMCI file in the USIM
unavailable (see 3GPP TS 31.102 \[40\]).

If there are more than one criterion applicable for a PDU session (e.g.,
a criterion for the PDU session and another one for the service) then
the Tsor-cm timer with the highest value shall apply.

If there are more than one criterion applicable to different ongoing PDU
sessions or services leading to multiple applicable Tsor-cm timers, then
all the applicable Tsor-cm timers shall be started. Further handling of
such cases is described in clause C.4.2.

If the value for Tsor-cm timer equals \"infinity\" then the UE shall
wait until the PDU session is released or the service is stopped.

The Tsor-cm timer is applicable only if the UE is in automatic network
selection mode.

Upon switching to the manual network selection mode, the UE shall stop
any Tsor-cm timer, if running. In this case, the UE is not required to
enter idle mode and perform the de-registration procedure.

The UE shall consider the following services as exempted from being
forced to release the related established PDU session, if any, enter
idle mode and perform high priority PLMN/access technology or SNPN
selection. These services are known to the UE by default and the UE
shall not follow the SOR-CMCI criteria even if configured to interrupt
such services:

i\) emergency services.

The UE configured with high priority access in the selected PLMN or SNPN
shall consider all services and all related established PDU sessions, if
any, to be exempted from being forced to be released to enter idle mode
and perform high priority PLMN/access technology or SNPN selection.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.4.2\]

During SOR procedure and while applying SOR-CMCI, the UE shall determine
the time to release the PDU session(s) or the services as follows:

\- If the UE encounters SOR security check not successful on the
received steering of roaming information, and a matching criterion \"SOR
security check not successful\" is included in the SOR-CMCI stored in
the non-volatile memory of the ME, then the UE shall:

\- if the timer value is not zero, start an associated Tsor-cm timer
with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;

\- stop all other running Tsor-cm timers, if any; and

\- not start any new Tsor-cm timer while Tsor-cm timer associated with
\"SOR security check not successful\" criterion is running;

\- If one or more SOR-CMCI rules are included in SOR-CMCI, where for
each criterion:

a\) DNN of the PDU session:

the UE shall check whether it has a PDU session with a DNN matching to
the DNN included in SOR-CMCI, and if any, the UE shall, if the timer
value is not zero, start an associated Tsor-cm timer with the value
included in the SOR-CMCI;

b\) S-NSSAI SST of the PDU session:

the UE shall check whether it has a PDU session with a S-NSSAI SST
matching the S-NSSAI SST included in SOR-CMCI, and if any, the UE shall,
if the timer value is not zero, start an associated Tsor-cm timer with
the value included in the SOR-CMCI;

b1) S-NSSAI SST and SD of the PDU session:

the UE shall check whether it has a PDU session with a S-NSSAI SST and
SD matching the S-NSSAI SST and SD included in SOR-CMCI, and if any, the
UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an associated Tsor-cm
timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;

c\) IMS registration related signalling:

the UE shall check whether IMS registration related signalling is
ongoing, and if it is ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not
zero, start an associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the
SOR-CMCI;

d\) MMTEL voice call:

the UE shall check whether MMTEL voice call is ongoing, and if it is
ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an
associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;

e\) MMTEL video call:

the UE shall check whether MMTEL video call is ongoing, and if it is
ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an
associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI;

f\) SMS over NAS or SMSoIP:

the UE shall check whether SMS over NAS or SMSoIP services is ongoing,
and if it is ongoing, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero,
start an associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the
SOR-CMCI; or

g\) match all:

the UE shall check whether there are any PDU sessions or services for
which there is no matching criterion in a) to f) above. If such PDU
session or service exists, then for each of these PDU sessions or
services, the UE shall, if the timer value is not zero, start an
associated Tsor-cm timer with the value included in the SOR-CMCI.

If the SOR-CMCI is available, and:

\- the SOR-CMCI used is in the USIM, contains no SOR-CMCI rule;

\- there are one or more SOR-CMCI rules but there is no criterion
matched with any ongoing PDU session or service; or

\- there are one or more SOR-CMCI rules and there is one or more
criteria matched with an ongoing PDU session or service, but the highest
Tsor-cm timer value associated with the matched criteria is equal to
zero;

then there is no Tsor-cm timer started for any PDU session or service.

While one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, the UE shall check the
newly established PDU session or service for a matching criterion in the
SOR-CMCI:

\- If a matching criterion is found and the applicable Tsor-cm timer
indicated the value \"infinity\" then the UE shall start the Tsor-cm
timer associated to the newly established PDU session or service with
the value set to infinity; or

\- For all other cases, if a matching criterion is found and the timer
value is not zero then the UE shall start the Tsor-cm timer associated
to the newly established PDU session or service with the value included
in the SOR-CMCI, with the exception that if the value of the Tsor-cm
timer included in the SOR-CMCI exceeds the highest value among the
current values of all running Tsor-cm timers, then the value of the
Tsor-cm timer for the newly established PDU session or service shall be
set to the highest value among the current values of all running Tsor-cm
timers.

NOTE 1: For newly established PDU session or service as described above,
the timer is set irrespective of whether other ongoing PDU sessions or
services that match the same criteria exist and for which corresponding
Tsor-cm timers are running.

NOTE 2: NAS 5GMM layer will receive an explicit indication from the
upper layers that a service is started or stopped. When a service is
started, it is handled as a new service in the procedures described in
this clause.

NOTE 3: While one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, the UE can trigger
any 5GSM procedure or start new services.

While one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, upon receiving a new
SOR-CMCI as described in annex C.4.3, the UE shall check if there is a
matching criterion found for any ongoing PDU session or service in the
new SOR-CMCI:

\- if a matching criterion is found and the value of Tsor-cm timer in
the new SOR-CMCI indicates the value \"infinity\", then:

a\) if the Tsor-cm timer associated to the PDU session or service is not
running, then the UE shall start the Tsor-cm timer associated to the PDU
session or service with the value set to infinity; or

b\) if the Tsor-cm timer associated to the PDU session or service is
already running, then the UE shall set the value of the Tsor-cm timer
associated to the PDU session or service to infinity without stopping
and restarting the timer;

\- if a matching criterion is found and the value of Tsor-cm timer in
the new SOR-CMCI is other than infinity and is smaller than the current
value of the running Tsor-cm timer for the associated PDU session or
service, then the Tsor-cm timer value for the associated PDU session or
service shall be replaced with the value in the new SOR-CMCI without
stopping and restarting the timer; or

\- for all other cases, the running Tsor-cm timers for the associated
PDU sessions or services are kept unchanged.

The Tsor-cm timer shall be stopped when the associated PDU session is
released or the associated service is stopped.

If the security check on the received steering of roaming information is
successful, the UE shall stop the Tsor-cm timer associated with \"SOR
security check not successful\", if running, and act on the received
steering of roaming information. The current PLMN or SNPN is not
considered as lowest priority.

NOTE 4: This also applies to the case when the current PLMN or SNPN is
different from the PLMN or SNPN in which the Tsor-cm timer associated
with \"SOR security check not successful\" was started.

If the UE, while one or more Tsor-cm timers are running:

a\) enters idle mode not due to lower layer failure (see
3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]);

b\) is not able to successfully recover the N1 NAS signalling connection
(see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]); or

c\) enters 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]);

then the UE shall stop the timer(s). In these cases, if:

a\) the UE has a list of available and allowable PLMNs or SNPNs in the
area and based on this list or any other implementation specific means,
the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN or SNPN than the
selected VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN; or

b\) the UE does not have a list of available and allowable PLMNs or
SNPNs in the area and is unable to determine whether there is a higher
priority PLMN or SNPN than the selected VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN
using any other implementation specific means;

then the UE shall attempt to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN or
SNPN as specified in clause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T that
controls periodic attempts has expired or as specified in clause 4.9.3.

NOTE 5: When the UE enters idle mode due to lower layer failure while
one or more Tsor-cm timers are running, then the UE does not stop
Tsor-cm timer(s) as recovery of NAS signalling connection is possible
(see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).

When the UE determines that no Tsor-cm timer is started for any PDU
session or service, the last running Tsor-cm timer is stopped due to
release of the associated PDU sessions or stop of the associated
services, or the last running Tsor-cm timer expires, if:

i\) the UE has a list of available and allowable PLMNs or SNPNs in the
area and based on this list or any other implementation specific means,
the UE determines that there is a higher priority PLMN or SNPN than the
selected VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN; or

ii\) the UE does not have a list of available and allowable PLMNs or
SNPNs in the area and is unable to determine whether there is a higher
priority PLMN or SNPN than the selected VPLMN or non-subscribed
SNPNusing any other implementation specific means;

then if the UE is in 5GMM-CONNECTED mode, the UE shall perform the
deregistration procedure (see clause 4.2.2.3 of 3GPP TS 23.502 \[63\])
that releases all the established PDU sessions and services, if any, and
once the UE enters idle mode it shall attempt to obtain service on a
higher priority PLMN or SNPN as specified in clause 4.4.3.3 by acting as
if timer T that controls periodic attempts has expired or as specified
in clause 4.9.3.

NOTE 6: The list of available and allowable PLMNs or SNPNs in the area
is implementation specific.

The UE which has an emergency PDU session, receives a request from the
upper layers to establish an emergency PDU session or perform emergency
services fallback, registers for emergency services, or is configured
for high priority access in the selected PLMN or SNPN is not required to
enter idle mode if the last running Tsor-cm timer for any PDU session or
service stops or expires. In this case, the UE shall attempt to perform
the PLMN or SNPN selection after the emergency PDU session or the high
priority service is released and after the UE enters idle mode or
5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).

If the UE selects a cell of any access technology other than NG-RAN, the
ongoing SOR procedure is terminated and the UE shall stop applying
SOR-CMCI and stop all running Tsor-cm timers without triggering any
further actions.

NOTE 7: If the UE is served by any access technology other than NG-RAN,
the HPLMN can initiate a steering of roaming procedure as specified in
clause 4.4.6.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.4.3\]

3\) The AMF to the UE: the AMF sends a DL NAS TRANSPORT message to the
served UE. The AMF includes in the DL NAS TRANSPORT message the steering
of roaming information received from the UDM.

4\) Upon receiving the steering of roaming information containing the
SOR-CMCI and the HPLMN indication that \'no change of the \"Operator
Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" list stored in the UE
is needed and thus no list of preferred PLMN/access technology
combinations is provided\' or the HPLMN or subscribed SNPN indication
that \'no change of the SOR-SNPN-SI stored in the UE is needed and thus
no SOR-SNPN-SI is provided\', or the secured packet, the UE shall
perform a security check on the steering of roaming information included
in the DL NAS TRANSPORT message to verify that the steering of roaming
information is provided by HPLMN or subscribed SNPN, and:

a\) if the security check is successful, the UE shall store the SOR-CMCI
according to clause C.4.1. If the UE has one or more Tsor-cm timers
running, the UE shall apply the received SOR-CMCI as described in C.4.2.

If the steering of roaming information contains a secured packet and the
UDM has requested an acknowledgement from the UE in the DL NAS TRANSPORT
message, the UE sends an UL NAS TRANSPORT message to the serving AMF
with an SOR transparent container including the UE acknowledgement and
the UE shall set the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator to
\"supported\" only after the ME receives UICC responses indicating that
the UICC has received the secured packet successfully. Otherwise, if the
UDM has requested an acknowledgement from the UE in the DL NAS TRANSPORT
message, the UE sends an UL NAS TRANSPORT message to the serving AMF
with an SOR transparent container including the UE acknowledgement and
the UE shall set the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator to
\"supported\". Additionally, if the UE supports access to an SNPN using
credentials from a credentials holder and the UE is in a PLMN, the UE
may set the \"ME support of SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator to \"supported\".

If the UDM has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE then step 5
is skipped; and

b\) if the selected PLMN is a VPLMN or a non-subscribed SNPN, the
security check is not successful and the UE is in automatic network
selection mode, then:

\- if the UE has a SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the ME,
the current PLMN is considered as lowest priority and the UE shall apply
the actions in clause C.4.2;

\- otherwise, the UE shall wait until it moves to idle mode or
5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) before attempting to obtain service on a higher
priority PLMN as specified in clause 4.4.3.3 by acting as if timer T
that controls periodic attempts has expired, with an exception that the
current PLMN is considered as lowest priority, or before attempting to
obtain service on a higher priority SNPN as specified in clause 4.9.3,
with an exception that the current registered SNPN is considered as
lowest priority. If the selected PLMN or SNPN is a VPLMN or a
non-subscribed SNPN and the UE has an established emergency PDU session
then the UE shall attempt to perform the PLMN selection after the
emergency PDU session is released and after the UE enters idle mode or
5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).

Step 5 is skipped;

NOTE 5: When the UE is in the manual mode of operation or the current
chosen VPLMN is part of the \"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access
Technology\" list or the current chosen non-subscribed SNPN is part of
the user controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs for the selected
entry of the \"list of subscriber data\" the selected PLMN subscription,
the UE stays on the VPLMN or non-subscribed SNPN.

5\) The AMF to the UDM: If the UL NAS TRANSPORT message with an SOR
transparent container is received, the AMF uses the Nudm\_SDM\_Info
service operation to provide the received SOR transparent container to
the UDM. If the HPLMN decided that the UE is to acknowledge successful
security check of the received steering of roaming information in step
2, the UDM verifies that the acknowledgement is provided by the UE. The
UDM shall store the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator and the \"ME
support of SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator, if any; and

6\) The UDM to the SOR-AF: Nsoraf\_SoR\_Info (SUPI of the UE, successful
delivery, \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator, \"ME support of
SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator, if any). If the HPLMN policy for the SOR-AF
invocation is present and the HPLMN UDM received and verified the UE
acknowledgement in step 5, then the UDM informs the SOR-AF about
successful delivery of the SOR-CMCI to the UE. The UDM shall include the
\"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator and the \"ME support of
SOR-SNPN-SI\" indicator, if any.

If the selected PLMN is a VPLMN or a non-subscribed SNPN and:

\- the UE in manual mode of operation encounters security check failure
of SOR information in DL NAS TRANSPORT message; and

\- upon switching to automatic network selection mode the UE remembers
that it is still registered on the PLMN the non-subscribed SNPN where
the security check failure of SOR information was encountered;

the UE shall wait until it moves to idle mode or 5GMM-CONNECTED mode
with RRC inactive indication (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) before
attempting to obtain service on a higher priority PLMN as specified in
clause 4.4.3.3, by acting as if timer T that controls periodic attempts
has expired, with an exception that the current registered PLMN is
considered as lowest priority, or before attempting to obtained service
on a higher priority SNPN as specified in clause 4.9.3, with an
exception that the current registered SNPN is considered as lowest
priority. If the selected PLMN is a VPLMN or the selected SNPN is a
non-subscribed SNPN and the UE has an established emergency PDU session
then the UE shall attempt to perform the PLMN selection after the
emergency PDU session is released and after the UE enters idle mode or
5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication (see
3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).

NOTE 6: The receipt of the steering of roaming information by itself
does not trigger the release of the emergency PDU session.

\[TS 23.122, clause C.6\]

2\) The AMF to the UE: the AMF sends a DL NAS TRANSPORT message to the
served UE. The AMF includes in the DL NAS TRANSPORT message the steering
of roaming information received from the UDM.

3\) Upon receiving the steering of roaming information, the UE shall
perform a security check on the steering of roaming information included
in the DL NAS TRANSPORT message to verify that the steering of roaming
information is provided by the subscribed SNPN or HPLMN, and

\- if the security check is successful, then:

a\) if the steering of roaming information contains the SOR-SNPN-SI, the
ME shall replace the credentials holder controlled prioritized lists of
preferred SNPNs for the selected entry of the \"list of subscriber
data\" or the selected PLMN subscription with the received credentials
holder controlled prioritized lists of preferred SNPNs, if any, the ME
shall replace the credentials holder controlled prioritized lists of
GINs for the selected entry of the \"list of subscriber data\" or the
selected PLMN subscription with the received credentials holder
controlled prioritized lists of GINs, if any, and the ME shall delete
the SNPNs identified by the credentials holder controlled prioritized
lists of preferred SNPNs or credentials holder controlled prioritized
lists of GINs from the list of \"temporarily forbidden SNPNs\" and the
list of \"permanently forbidden SNPNs\", if they are present in these
lists.

If the UDM has requested an acknowledgement from the UE in the DL NAS
TRANSPORT message, the UE sends an UL NAS TRANSPORT message to the
serving AMF with an SOR transparent container including the UE
acknowledgement and the UE shall set the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\"
indicator to \"supported\".

If the UE is in automatic network selection mode, the selected SNPN is a
non-subscribed SNPN and the UE decides to perform SNPN selection, then:

\- if the UE is configured with the SOR-CMCI or received the SOR-CMCI
over N1 NAS signalling, the UE shall apply the actions in clause C.4; or

\- the UE shall wait until it moves to idle mode or 5GMM-CONNECTED mode
with RRC inactive indication (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) before
attempting to obtain service on a higher priority SNPN as specified in
clause 4.9.3.

If the selected SNPN is a non-subscribed SNPN and the UE has an
established emergency PDU session then the UE may attempt to perform the
SNPN selection subsequently after the emergency PDU session is released,
if the UE is in automatic network selection mode.

If the UDM has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE, then steps
4 is skipped; and

\- If the selected SNPN is a non-subscribed SNPN, the security check is
not successful and the UE is in automatic network selection mode, then:

> \- if the UE has a SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile memory of the
> ME, then:
>
> \- if there are ongoing PDU sessions or services, the UE shall apply
> the actions in clause C.4.2, and the current SNPN is considered as
> lowest priority; or
>
> \- if there are no ongoing PDU sessions or services, the UE shall
> release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally and attempt
> to obtain service on a higher priority SNPN as specified in
> clause 4.9.3, with an exception that the current SNPN is considered as
> lowest priority;
>
> \- if the UE does not have a SOR-CMCI stored in the non-volatile
> memory of the ME, then:
>
> \- if there are ongoing PDU sessions or services, the UE shall wait
> until it moves to idle mode or 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive
> indication (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) before attempting to obtain
> service on a higher priority SNPN as specified in clause 4.9.3, with
> an exception that the current SNPN is considered as lowest priority.
> If the selected SNPN is a non-subscribed SNPN and the UE has an
> established emergency PDU session, then the UE shall attempt to
> perform the SNPN selection after the emergency PDU session is
> released; or
>
> \- if there are no ongoing PDU sessions or services, the UE shall
> release the current N1 NAS signalling connection locally and attempt
> to obtain service on a higher priority SNPN as specified in
> clause 4.9.3, with an exception that the current SNPN is considered as
> lowest priority.

If the UDM has not requested an acknowledgement from the UE, then step 4
is skipped;

NOTE 5: When the UE is in the manual mode of operation and the current
chosen non-subscribed SNPN is part of the user controlled prioritized
list of preferred SNPNs, the UE stays on the current chosen
non-subscribed SNPN.

4\) The AMF to the UDM: If the UL NAS TRANSPORT message with an SOR
transparent container is received, the AMF uses the Nudm\_SDM\_Info
service operation to provide the received SOR transparent container to
the UDM. If the subscribed SNPN or HPLMN decided that the UE is to
acknowledge successful security check of the received steering of
roaming information in step 1, the UDM verifies that the acknowledgement
is provided by the UE. If the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator in
the header of the SOR transparent container is set to \"supported\",
then the HPLMN UDM shall store the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator,
otherwise the HPLMN UDM shall delete the stored \"ME support of
SOR-CMCI\" indicator, if any.

If the present flow was invoked by the UDM after receiving from the
SOR-AF the SOR-SNPN-SI, SOR-CMCI, if any, for a UE identified by SUPI
using an Nudm\_ParameterProvision\_Update request, and the UDM
verification of the UE acknowledgement is successful, then the UDM
informs the SOR-AF about successful delivery of the SOR-SNPN-SI,
SOR-CMCI, if any, using Nsoraf\_SoR\_Info (SUPI of the UE, successful
delivery); and

5\) The UDM to the SOR-AF: Nsoraf\_SoR\_Info (SUPI of the UE, successful
delivery, \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator, if any). If the
subscribed SNPN or HPLMN policy for the SOR-AF invocation is present and
the UDM received and verified the UE acknowledgement in step 5, then the
UDM informs the SOR-AF about successful delivery of the SOR-SNPN-SI,
SOR-CMCI, if any, to the UE. If the \"ME support of SOR-CMCI\" indicator
is stored for the UE, the HPLMN UDM shall include the \"ME support of
SOR-CMCI\" indicator;

If the selected SNPN is a non-subscribed SNPN and:

\- the UE in manual mode of operation encounters security check failure
of SOR information in DL NAS TRANSPORT message; and

\- upon switching to automatic network selection mode, the UE remembers
that it is still registered on the where the security check failure of
SOR information was encountered;

the UE shall wait until it moves to idle mode or 5GMM-CONNECTED mode
with RRC inactive indication (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]) before
attempting to obtain service on a higher priority SNPN as specified in
clause 4.9.3, with an exception that the current registered SNPN is
considered as lowest priority. If the selected SNPN is a non-subscribed
SNPN and the UE has an established emergency PDU session, then the UE
shall attempt to perform the SNPN selection after the emergency PDU
session is released.

NOTE 6: The receipt of the steering of roaming information by itself
does not trigger the release of the emergency PDU session.

NOTE 7: If the selected SNPN is the subscribed SNPN, regardless of
whether the UE is in automatic network selection mode or manual network
selection mode, regardless of whether the UE has an established
emergency PDU session or not, and regardless of whether the security
check is successful or not successful, the UE is not required to perform
the SNPN selection.

##### 6.3.3.4.3 Test description {#test-description-77 .H6}

##### 6.3.3.4.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-78 .H6}

System Simulator:

\- 2 SNPN cell: NR Cell 11 and NR Cell 12 is configured broadcasting
default SNPN IDs as indicated in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.2-4.

\- System information combination NR-27 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cell 11 and NR Cell 12.

\- NR Cell 11 and NR Cell 12 are set to "Serving Cell".

UE:

\- The UE is in Automatic SNPN selection mode.

\- The UE is provisioned with a "list of subscriber data" to allow
access to SNPN identified by NR cell 11 and NR Cell 12.

\- The SNPN identity of NR Cell 11 contained in the credentials holder
controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs is higher priority than
SNPN identity of NR Cell 12.

Preamble:

\- The UE is switched on and brought to state 3N-A, RRC\_CONNECTED
Connectivity (NR), in accordance with the procedure described in TS
38.508-1 \[4\], clause 4.5.4, IMS PDU session establishment and IMS
registration procedure need to be performed on NR Cell 11.

6.3.3.4.3.2 Test procedure sequence

**Table 6.3.3.4.3.2-1: Main behaviour**

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| St        | Procedure | Message   | TP        | Verdict |    |
|           |           | Sequence  |           |         |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+=========+====+
|           |           | U - S     | Message   |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1         | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *DLIn     |         |    |
|           | an        |           | formation |         |    |
|           | DLI       |           | Transfer* |         |    |
|           | nformatio |           |           |         |    |
|           | nTransfer |           | 5G MM:    |         |    |
|           | message   |           | *DL NAS   |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           | T         |         |    |
|           | Cell 11   |           | RANSPORT* |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ontaining |           |           |         |    |
|           | steering  |           |           |         |    |
|           | of        |           |           |         |    |
|           | roaming   |           |           |         |    |
|           | in        |           |           |         |    |
|           | formation |           |           |         |    |
|           | with      |           |           |         |    |
|           | ackno     |           |           |         |    |
|           | wledgment |           |           |         |    |
|           | requested |           |           |         |    |
|           | from the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE for    |           |           |         |    |
|           | s         |           |           |         |    |
|           | uccessful |           |           |         |    |
|           | r         |           |           |         |    |
|           | eception. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 2         | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | starts    |           |           |         |    |
|           | timer     |           |           |         |    |
|           | with      |           |           |         |    |
|           | Tsor-cm   |           |           |         |    |
|           | timer     |           |           |         |    |
|           | value =   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 60s       |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 3         | The UE    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | ULI       |         |    |
|           | an        |           | nformatio |         |    |
|           | ULI       |           | nTransfer |         |    |
|           | nformatio |           |           |         |    |
|           | nTransfer |           | *5GMM: UL |         |    |
|           | message   |           | NAS       |         |    |
|           | carrying  |           | T         |         |    |
|           | acknow    |           | RANSPORT* |         |    |
|           | ledgement |           |           |         |    |
|           | of        |           |           |         |    |
|           | s         |           |           |         |    |
|           | uccessful |           |           |         |    |
|           | reception |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | steering  |           |           |         |    |
|           | of        |           |           |         |    |
|           | roaming   |           |           |         |    |
|           | inf       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ormation. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 4         | Make the  | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | UE        |           |           |         |    |
|           | attempt   |           |           |         |    |
|           | an IMS    |           |           |         |    |
|           | emergency |           |           |         |    |
|           | call      |           |           |         |    |
|           | dialling  |           |           |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | emergency |           |           |         |    |
|           | number    |           |           |         |    |
|           | e.g. 112  |           |           |         |    |
|           | or 911.   |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 5         | Generic   | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | for IMS   |           |           |         |    |
|           | Emergency |           |           |         |    |
|           | call      |           |           |         |    |
|           | esta      |           |           |         |    |
|           | blishment |           |           |         |    |
|           | in 5GC    |           |           |         |    |
|           | with IMS  |           |           |         |    |
|           | emergency |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | as        |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.9       |           |           |         |    |
|           | .11.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | is        |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 6         | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | waits for |           |           |         |    |
|           | timer of  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Tsor-cm   |           |           |         |    |
|           | timer     |           |           |         |    |
|           | expiry.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 7         | Make the  | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | UE        |           |           |         |    |
|           | release   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | emergency |           |           |         |    |
|           | call.     |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 8         | The       | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | Generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | for IMS   |           |           |         |    |
|           | MO        |           |           |         |    |
|           | Emergency |           |           |         |    |
|           | call      |           |           |         |    |
|           | release   |           |           |         |    |
|           | as        |           |           |         |    |
|           | specified |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\],    |           |           |         |    |
|           | subclause |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.9.12A   |           |           |         |    |
|           | takes     |           |           |         |    |
|           | place.    |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 9         | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | releases  |           |           |         |    |
|           | the RRC   |           |           |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 10        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | RRCSet    |         |    |
|           | UE        |           | upRequest |         |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 12 ? |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 11-28a1   | Steps     | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | 3-20a1 of |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 12.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| This      |           |           |           |         |    |
| could be  |           |           |           |         |    |
| done by   |           |           |           |         |    |
| e.g. MMI  |           |           |           |         |    |
| or AT     |           |           |           |         |    |
| command.  |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+

##### 6.3.3.4.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-70 .H6}

Table 6.3.3.4.3.3-1: *DL NAS TRANSPORT Message for NR Cell 11* (Step 1,
Table 6.3.3.4.3.2-1)

  Derivation Path: 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-11 with condition 5GS\_SOR\_CMCI                                                                                                                                      
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                            Value/remark                  Comment                                                                                              Condition
  Payload container                                                              Present                       The SOR transparent container in the payload container IE carries steering of roaming information.   
  Payload container contents                                                                                                                                                                                        
  SOR Transparent Container                                                      Present                       The SOR transparent container carries steering of roaming information.                               
  SOR header                                                                                                                                                                                                        
  List indication value                                                          '0'B                          no list of preferred PLMN/access technology combinations is provided                                 
  Acknowledgement (ACK) value                                                    '1'B                          Acknowledgement is requested                                                                         
  Additional parameters (AP) value                                               '1'B                          Additional parameters is included                                                                    
  Length of PLMN ID and access technology list                                   Not present                                                                                                                        
  PLMN ID and access technology list                                             Not present                                                                                                                        
  SOR-CMCI indicator (SI) value                                                  '1'B                          SOR-CMCI present                                                                                     
  SOR-SNPN-SI indicator (SSSI) value                                             '1'B                          SOR-SNPN-SI present                                                                                  
  SOR-CMCI                                                                       Present                                                                                                                            
  Length of SOR-CMCI contents                                                                                  Length value of SOR-CMCI rule1                                                                       
  SOR-CMCI rule 1                                                                                                                                                                                                   
  Length of SOR-CMCI rule contents                                                                             Length value of SOR-CMCI rule contents                                                               
  Tsor-cm timer value                                                            '00100001'B                   60s                                                                                                  
  Criterion type                                                                 '11111111'B                   match all                                                                                            
  Criterion value                                                                Not Present                                                                                                                        
  SOR-SNPN-SI                                                                    Present                                                                                                                            
  CLSI                                                                           '1'B                          CH controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs present                                            
  CLGI                                                                           '0'B                          CH controlled prioritized list of GINs absent                                                        
  CH controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs                              SNPN identity of NR Cell 12                                                                                                        

**Table 6.3.3.4.3.3-2: *UL NAS TRANSPORT Message for NR Cell 11* (Step
3, Table 6.3.3.4.3.2-1)**

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-10 with condition 5GS\_SOR\_CMCI.                                                                                                                                              
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------
  **Information Element**                                                            **Value/remark**   **Comment**                                                                                                             **Condition**
  Payload container                                                                  Present            The SOR transparent container in the payload container IE carries steering of roaming information.                      
  Payload container contents                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  SOR header                                                                                            1 octet                                                                                                                 
  SOR data type                                                                      1                  The SOR transparent container carries acknowledgement of successful reception of the steering of roaming information.   
  ME support of SOR-CMCI indicator (MSSI) value                                      1                  SOR-CMCI supported by the ME                                                                                            

6.4 UE Procedures in RRC\_INACTIVE state
----------------------------------------

### 6.4.1 NG-RAN Only PLMN Selection in RRC\_INACTIVE state

#### 6.4.1.1 PLMN Selection/Higher priority/HPLMN in Automatic PLMN Selection Mode

##### 6.4.1.1.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-80 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-144 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_INACTIVE state on an NG-RAN VPLMN cell }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE performs PLMN Selection to a PLMN that is equivalent PLMN
of the registered PLMN }

**then** { UE remains in RRC\_INACTIVE state after moving to the
Equivalent PLMN cell }

}

##### (2) {#section-145 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_INACTIVE state on an NG-RAN VPLMN cell and
cells of a higher priority NG-RAN PLMN available }

**ensure that** {

**when** { Higher priority PLMN search timer T expires }

**then** { UE selects the higher priority PLMN cell, moves to RRC\_IDLE
and attempts Registration on the selected cell }

}

##### 6.4.1.1.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-80 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 23.122 clauses 4.4.3.3, TS 38.304 clauses 4.1 and
clauses 4.2 and TS 24.501 clauses 5.3.1.4. Unless otherwise stated these
are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.4.3.3\]

If the MS is in a VPLMN, the MS shall periodically attempt to obtain
service on its HPLMN (if the EHPLMN list is not present or is empty) or
one of its EHPLMNs (if the EHPLMN list is present) or a higher priority
PLMN/access technology combinations listed in \"user controlled PLMN
selector\" or \"operator controlled PLMN selector\" by scanning in
accordance with the requirements that are applicable to i), ii) and iii)
as defined in the Automatic Network Selection Mode in subclause
4.4.3.1.1. In the case that the mobile has a stored \"Equivalent PLMNs\"
list the mobile shall only select a PLMN if it is of a higher priority
than those of the same country as the current serving PLMN which are
stored in the \"Equivalent PLMNs\" list. For this purpose, a value of
timer T may be stored in the SIM. The interpretation of the stored value
depends on the radio capabilities supported by the MS:

\- For an MS that does not support any of the following: EC-GSM-IoT,
Category M1 or Category NB1 (as defined in 3GPP TS 36.306 \[54\]), T is
either in the range 6 minutes to 8 hours in 6 minute steps or it
indicates that no periodic attempts shall be made. If no value for T is
stored in the SIM, a default value of 60 minutes is used for T.

\- For an MS that only supports any of the following or a combination
of: EC-GSM-IoT, Category M1 or Category NB1 (as defined in
3GPP TS 36.306 \[54\]), T is either in the range 2 hours to 240 hours,
using 2 hour steps from 2 hours to 80 hours and 4 hour steps from
84 hours to 240 hours, or it indicates that no periodic attempts shall
be made. If no value for T is stored in the SIM, a default value of 72
hours is used.

\- For an MS that supports both:

a\) any of the following or a combination of: EC-GSM-IoT, Category M1 or
Category NB1 (as defined in 3GPP TS 36.306 \[54\]); and

b\) any access technology other than the following: EC-GSM-IoT, Category
M1 or Category NB1 (as defined in 3GPP TS 36.306 \[54\]),

then T is interpreted depending on the access technology in use as
specified below:

1\) if the MS is using any of the following at the time of starting
timer T: EC-GSM-IoT, Category M1 or Category NB1 (as defined in
3GPP TS 36.306 \[54\]), T is either in the range 2 hours to 240 hours,
using 2 hour steps from 2 hours to 80 hours and 4 hour steps from
84 hours to 240 hours, or it indicates that no periodic attempts shall
be made. If no value for T is stored in the SIM, a default value of 72
hours is used; and

2\) if the MS is not using any of the following at the time of starting
timer T: EC-GSM-IoT, Category M1 or Category NB1 (as defined in
3GPP TS 36.306 \[54\]), T is either in the range 6 minutes to 8 hours in
6 minute steps or it indicates that no periodic attempts shall be made.
If no value for T is stored in the SIM, a default value of 60 minutes is
use

for T.

If the MS is configured with the MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer as specified
in 3GPP TS 24.368 \[50\] or 3GPP TS 31.102 \[40\], the MS shall not use
a value for T that is less than the MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer. If the
value stored in the SIM, or the default value for T (when no value is
stored in the SIM), is less than the MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer, then T
shall be set to the MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer.

The MS does not stop timer T, as described in 3GPP TS 24.008 \[23\] and
3GPP TS 24.301 \[23A\], when it activates power saving mode (PSM) (see
3GPP TS 23.682 \[27A\]).

The MS can be configured for Fast First Higher Priority PLMN search as
specified in 3GPP TS 31.102 \[40\] or 3GPP TS 24.368 \[50\]. Fast First
Higher Priority PLMN search is enabled if the corresponding
configuration parameter is present and set to enabled. Otherwise, Fast
First Higher Priority PLMN search is disabled.

The attempts to access the HPLMN or an EHPLMN or higher priority PLMN
shall be as specified below:

a\) The periodic attempts shall only be performed in automatic mode when
the MS is roaming, and not while the MS is attached for emergency bearer
services, is registered for emergency services, has a PDU session for
emergency services or has a PDN connection for emergency bearer
services;

b\) The MS shall make the first attempt after a period of at least
2 minutes and at most T minutes:

\- only after switch on if Fast First Higher Priority PLMN search is
disabled; or

\- after switch on or upon selecting a VPLMN if Fast First Higher
Priority PLMN search is enabled.

c\) The MS shall make the following attempts if the MS is on the VPLMN
at time T after the last attempt;

d\) Periodic attempts shall only be performed by the MS while in idle
mode;

d1) Periodic attempts may be postponed while the MS is in power saving
mode (PSM) (see 3GPP TS 23.682 \[27A\]).

d2) Periodic attempts may be postponed while the MS is receiving eMBMS
transport service in idle mode (see 3GPP TS 23.246 \[68\]).

e\) If the HPLMN (if the EHPLMN list is not present or is empty) or a
EHPLMN (if the list is present) or a higher priority PLMN is not found,
the MS shall remain on the VPLMN.

f\) In steps i), ii) and iii) of subclause 4.4.3.1.1 the MS shall limit
its attempts to access higher priority PLMN/access technology
combinations to PLMN/access technology combinations of the same country
as the current serving VPLMN, as defined in Annex B.

g\) Only the priority levels of Equivalent PLMNs of the same country as
the current serving VPLMN, as defined in Annex B, shall be taken into
account to compare with the priority level of a selected PLMN.

h\) If the PLMN of the highest priority PLMN/access technology
combination available is the current VPLMN, or one of the PLMNs in the
\"Equivalent PLMNs\" list, the MS shall remain on the current
PLMN/access technology combination.

\[TS 38.304, clause 4.1\]

The RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE state tasks can be subdivided into
three processes:

\- PLMN selection;

\- Cell selection and reselection;

\- Location registration and RNA update.

PLMN selection, cell reselection procedures, and location registration
are common for both RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE state. RNA update
is only applicable for RRC\_INACTIVE state. When UE selects a new PLMN,
UE transitions from RRC\_INACTIVE to RRC\_IDLE, as specified in TS
24.501 \[14\].

When a UE is switched on, a public land mobile network (PLMN) is
selected by NAS. For the selected PLMN, associated RAT(s) may be set, as
specified in TS 23.122 \[9\]. The NAS shall provide a list of equivalent
PLMNs, if available, that the AS shall use for cell selection and cell
reselection.

With cell selection, the UE searches for a suitable cell of the selected
PLMN, chooses that cell to provide available services, and monitors its
control channel. This procedure is defined as \"camping on the cell\".

The UE shall, if necessary, then register its presence, by means of a
NAS registration procedure, in the tracking area of the chosen cell. As
an outcome of a successful Location Registration, the selected PLMN then
becomes the registered PLMN, as specified in TS 23.122 \[9\].

If the UE finds a more suitable cell, according to the cell reselection
criteria, it reselects onto that cell and camps on it. If the new cell
does not belong to at least one tracking area to which the UE is
registered, location registration is performed. In RRC\_INACTIVE state,
if the new cell does not belong to the configured RNA, an RNA update
procedure is performed.

If necessary, the UE shall search for higher priority PLMNs at regular
time intervals as described in TS 23.122 \[9\] and search for a suitable
cell if another PLMN has been selected by NAS.

If the UE loses coverage of the registered PLMN, either a new PLMN is
selected automatically (automatic mode), or an indication of available
PLMNs is given to the user so that a manual selection can be performed
(manual mode).

Registration is not performed by UEs only capable of services that need
no registration.

The purpose of camping on a cell in RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE
state is fourfold:

a\) It enables the UE to receive system information from the PLMN.

b\) When registered and if the UE wishes to establish an RRC connection
or resume a suspended RRC connection, it can do this by initially
accessing the network on the control channel of the cell on which it is
camped.

c\) If the network needs to send a message or deliver data to the
registered UE, it knows (in most cases) the set of tracking areas (in
RRC\_IDLE state) or RNA (in RRC\_INACTIVE state) in which the UE is
camped. It can then send a \"paging\" message for the UE on the control
channels of all the cells in the corresponding set of areas. The UE will
then receive the paging message and can respond.

d\) It enables the UE to receive ETWS and CMAS notifications.

When the UE is in RRC\_IDLE state, upper layers may deactivate AS layer
when MICO mode is activated as specified in TS 24.501 \[14\]. When MICO
mode is activated, the AS configuration (e.g. priorities provided by
dedicated signalling) is kept and all running timers continue to run but
the UE need not perform any idle mode tasks. If a timer expires while
MICO mode is activated it is up to the UE implementation whether it
performs the corresponding action immediately or the latest when MICO
mode is deactivated. When MICO mode is deactivated, the UE shall perform
all idle mode tasks.

\[TS 38.304, clause 4.2\]

Table 4.2-1 presents the functional division between UE non-access
stratum (NAS) and UE access stratum (AS) in RRC\_IDLE state and
RRC\_INACTIVE states. The NAS part is specified in TS 23.122 \[9\] and
the AS part in the present document.

Table 4.2-1: Functional division between AS and NAS in RRC\_IDLE state
and RRC\_INACTIVE state

+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| RRC\_IDLE and        | UE Non-Access        | UE Access Stratum    |
| RRC\_INACTIVE state  | Stratum              |                      |
| Process              |                      |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| PLMN Selection       | Maintain a list of   | Search for available |
|                      | PLMNs in priority    | PLMNs.               |
|                      | order according to   |                      |
|                      | TS 23.122 \[9\].     | If associated RAT(s) |
|                      | Select a PLMN using  | is (are) set for the |
|                      | automatic or manual  | PLMN, search in this |
|                      | mode as specified in | (these) RAT(s) and   |
|                      | TS 23.122 \[9\] and  | other RAT(s) for     |
|                      | request AS to select | that PLMN as         |
|                      | a cell belonging to  | specified in TS      |
|                      | this PLMN. For each  | 23.122 \[9\].        |
|                      | PLMN, associated     |                      |
|                      | RAT(s) may be set.   | Perform measurements |
|                      |                      | to support PLMN      |
|                      | Evaluate reports of  | selection.           |
|                      | available PLMNs from |                      |
|                      | AS for PLMN          | Synchronise to a     |
|                      | selection.           | broadcast channel to |
|                      |                      | identify found       |
|                      | Maintain a list of   | PLMNs.               |
|                      | equivalent PLMN      |                      |
|                      | identities.          | Report available     |
|                      |                      | PLMNs with           |
|                      |                      | associated RAT(s) to |
|                      |                      | NAS on request from  |
|                      |                      | NAS or autonomously. |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Cell                 | Control cell         | Perform measurements |
|                      | selection for        | needed to support    |
| Selection            | example by           | cell selection.      |
|                      | indicating RAT(s)    |                      |
|                      | associated with the  | Detect and           |
|                      | selected PLMN to be  | synchronise to a     |
|                      | used initially in    | broadcast channel.   |
|                      | the search of a cell | Receive and handle   |
|                      | in the cell          | broadcast            |
|                      | selection.           | information. Forward |
|                      |                      | NAS system           |
|                      | Maintain a list of   | information to NAS.  |
|                      | \"Forbidden Tracking |                      |
|                      | Areas\" and provide  | Search for a         |
|                      | the list to AS.      | suitable cell. The   |
|                      |                      | cells broadcast one  |
|                      |                      | or more \'PLMN       |
|                      |                      | identity\' in the    |
|                      |                      | system information.  |
|                      |                      | Respond to NAS       |
|                      |                      | whether such cell is |
|                      |                      | found or not.        |
|                      |                      |                      |
|                      |                      | If associated RATs   |
|                      |                      | is (are) set for the |
|                      |                      | PLMN, perform the    |
|                      |                      | search in this       |
|                      |                      | (these) RAT(s) and   |
|                      |                      | other RATs for that  |
|                      |                      | PLMN as specified in |
|                      |                      | TS 23.122 \[9\].     |
|                      |                      |                      |
|                      |                      | If a cell is found   |
|                      |                      | which satisfies cell |
|                      |                      | selection criteria,  |
|                      |                      | camp on that cell.   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Cell                 | Maintain a list of   | Perform measurements |
|                      | equivalent PLMN      | needed to support    |
| Reselection          | identities and       | cell reselection.    |
|                      | provide the list to  |                      |
|                      | AS.                  | Detect and           |
|                      |                      | synchronise to a     |
|                      | Maintain a list of   | broadcast channel.   |
|                      | \"Forbidden Tracking | Receive and handle   |
|                      | Areas\" and provide  | broadcast            |
|                      | the list to AS.      | information. Forward |
|                      |                      | NAS system           |
|                      |                      | information to NAS.  |
|                      |                      |                      |
|                      |                      | Change cell if a     |
|                      |                      | more suitable cell   |
|                      |                      | is found.            |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Location             | Register the UE as   | Report registration  |
| registration         | active after power   | area information to  |
|                      | on.                  | NAS.                 |
|                      |                      |                      |
|                      | Register the UE\'s   |                      |
|                      | presence in a        |                      |
|                      | registration area,   |                      |
|                      | for instance         |                      |
|                      | regularly or when    |                      |
|                      | entering a new       |                      |
|                      | tracking area.       |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
|                      | Deregister UE when   |                      |
|                      | shutting down.       |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
|                      | Maintain a list of   |                      |
|                      | \"Forbidden Tracking |                      |
|                      | Areas\".             |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| RAN Notification     | Not applicable.      | Register the UE\'s   |
| Area Update          |                      | presence in a        |
|                      |                      | RAN-based            |
|                      |                      | notification area    |
|                      |                      | (RNA), periodically  |
|                      |                      | or when entering a   |
|                      |                      | new RNA.             |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

\[TS 24.501, clause 5.3.1.4\]

This subclause is only applicable for UE\'s 5GMM mode over 3GPP access.

The UE is in 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication when the
UE is in:

a\) 5GMM-CONNECTED mode over 3GPP access at the NAS layer; and

b\) RRC\_INACTIVE state at the AS layer (see 3GPP TS 38.300 \[27\]).

Unless stated otherwise, the UE behaviour in 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with
RRC inactive indication follows the UE behaviour in 5GMM-CONNECTED over
3GPP access, except that:

a\) the UE shall apply the mobility restrictions; and

b\) the UE shall perform the PLMN selection procedures as in 5GMM-IDLE
mode over 3GPP access.

The UE shall transition from 5GMM-CONNECTED mode over 3GPP access to
5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication upon receiving an
indication from the lower layers that the UE has transitioned to
RRC\_INACTIVE state.

...

The UE shall trigger a transition from 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC
inactive indication to 5GMM-IDLE mode upon selection of a PLMN that is
not an equivalent PLMN to the registered PLMN. The UE shall not trigger
a transition from 5GMM-CONNECTED mode with RRC inactive indication to
5GMM-IDLE mode upon entering a new PLMN which is in the list of
equivalent PLMNs.

##### 6.4.1.1.3 Test description {#test-description-78 .H6}

##### 6.4.1.1.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-79 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-58 .H6}

\- NR Cell 12, NR Cell 13 and NR Cell 1 are configured according to TS
38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.4.2-3.

\- The PLMNs are identified in the test by the identifiers in Table
6.4.1.1.3.1-1 and the PLMN settings are defined in TS 36.523-1 \[13\]
table 6.0.1-1..

Table 6.4.1.1.3.1--1: PLMN identifiers

  NR Cell   PLMN name
  --------- -----------
  12        PLMN15
  13        PLMN16
  1         PLMN1

\- System information combination NR-4 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2-1 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-71 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic PLMN selection mode.

> \- USIM configuration as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.4.1-1
> will be loaded. The high priority PLMN search timer T defined by
> EF~HPPLMN~ is 6min.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-75 .H6}

> \- The UE is in state Switched OFF (state 0-A) according to TS
> 38.508-1 \[4\].

##### 6.4.1.1.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-76 .H6}

Table 6.4.1.1.3.2-1 for FR1 and Table 6.4.1.1.3.2-2 for FR2 illustrates
the downlink power levels and other changing parameters to be applied
for the cells at various time instants of the test execution. Row marked
\"T0\" denotes the initial conditions after preamble, while rows marked
\"T1\" and \"T2\" are to be applied subsequently in the Main behaviour.
The exact instants on which these values shall be applied are described
in the texts in this clause.

> Table 6.4.1.1.3.2-1: Cell configuration changes over time for FR1

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remarks |
|    | rameter |         | 12      | 13      | 1       |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T0 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | "Off"   | "Off"   | Power   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | "Off"   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 6.      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.1-3 |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -115    | -78     | "Off"   | Power   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | "Off"   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 6.      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.1-3 |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | "Off"   | -88     | -88     | Power   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | "Off"   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 6.      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.1-3 |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

> Table 6.4.1.1.3.2-2: Cell configuration changes over time for FR2

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remarks |
|    | rameter |         | 12      | 13      | 1       |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T0 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -82     | "Off"   | "Off"   | Power   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | "Off"   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 6.2.    |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.2-2 |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | "Off"   | -82     | "Off"   | Power   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | "Off"   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 6.2.    |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.2-2 |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | "Off"   | -82     | -82     | Power   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | "Off"   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 6.2.    |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.2-2 |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.4.1.1.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| St        | Procedure | Message   | TP        | Verdict |    |
|           |           | Sequence  |           |         |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+=========+====+
|           |           | U - S     | Message   |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 0A        | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |         |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to row T0 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.4.1.1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 0B        | The UE is | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | switched  |           |           |         |    |
|           | on.       |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 0         | The steps | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
| C1-0C19a1 | 1-19a1    |           |           |         |    |
|           | specified |           |           |         |    |
|           | in        |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | TS        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.3.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 0D        | SS starts | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | timers of |           |           |         |    |
|           | tmin =    |           |           |         |    |
|           | 2min and  |           |           |         |    |
|           | tmax = (6 |           |           |         |    |
|           | min +     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 5min)     |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1). |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 0Ea1-0F   | The steps | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | 19Aa1-20  |           |           |         |    |
|           | specified |           |           |         |    |
|           | in        |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | TS        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.3.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1         | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |         |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to row T1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.4.1.1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 2         | Check:    | \-        | NR RRC:   | 1       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCResum |         |    |
|           | UE        |           | eRequest* |         |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCResum |           |           |         |    |
|           | eRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 13?  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 3         | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *R        |         |    |
|           | an        |           | RCResume* |         |    |
|           | *R        |           |           |         |    |
|           | RCResume* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 4         | The UE    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *RRCResum |         |    |
|           | an        |           | Complete* |         |    |
|           | *         |           |           |         |    |
|           | RRCResume |           | 5GMM:     |         |    |
|           | Complete* |           | REG       |         |    |
|           | message   |           | ISTRATION |         |    |
|           | and a     |           | REQUEST   |         |    |
|           | REG       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | REQUEST   |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | i         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ndicating |           |           |         |    |
|           | \         |           |           |         |    |
|           | "mobility |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | u         |           |           |         |    |
|           | pdating\" |           |           |         |    |
|           | is sent   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to update |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | of NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell13.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 4A-4B     | Steps 4   | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | to 5 of   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | with      |           |           |         |    |
|           | condition |           |           |         |    |
|           | MOBILITY  |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 5         | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *RR       |         |    |
|           | an        |           | CRelease* |         |    |
|           | *RR       |           |           |         |    |
|           | CRelease* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | with      |           |           |         |    |
|           | suspend.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 6         | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 7         | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *Paging*  |         |    |
|           | a         |           |           |         |    |
|           | *Paging*  |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | including |           |           |         |    |
|           | a matched |           |           |         |    |
|           | identity  |           |           |         |    |
|           | (correct  |           |           |         |    |
|           | *ful      |           |           |         |    |
|           | lI-RNTI*) |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 13.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 8         | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCResum |         |    |
|           | UE        |           | eRequest* |         |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCResum |           |           |         |    |
|           | eRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to resume |           |           |         |    |
|           | RRC       |           |           |         |    |
|           | C         |           |           |         |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |         |    |
|           | by        |           |           |         |    |
|           | setting   |           |           |         |    |
|           | *resume   |           |           |         |    |
|           | Identity* |           |           |         |    |
|           | to the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | stored    |           |           |         |    |
|           | *sho      |           |           |         |    |
|           | rtI-RNTI* |           |           |         |    |
|           | value on  |           |           |         |    |
|           | NR Cell   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 13?       |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 9         | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *R        |         |    |
|           | an        |           | RCResume* |         |    |
|           | *R        |           |           |         |    |
|           | RCResume* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 10        | The UE    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *         |         |    |
|           | an        |           | RRCResume |         |    |
|           | *         |           | Complete* |         |    |
|           | RRCResume |           |           |         |    |
|           | Complete* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 11        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *RR       |         |    |
|           | an        |           | CRelease* |         |    |
|           | *RR       |           |           |         |    |
|           | CRelease* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | with      |           |           |         |    |
|           | suspend.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 12        | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |         |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to row T2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.4.1.1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 13        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 2       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |         |    |
|           | UE send   |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1    |           |           |         |    |
|           | after     |           |           |         |    |
|           | tmin      |           |           |         |    |
|           | expires   |           |           |         |    |
|           | but       |           |           |         |    |
|           | before    |           |           |         |    |
|           | tmax      |           |           |         |    |
|           | expires   |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1)? |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 14        | Steps 3-4 | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | of Table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 2)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |         |    |
|           | Steps     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 14a1 to   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 14b5a1    |           |           |         |    |
|           | describe  |           |           |         |    |
|           | b         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ehaviours |           |           |         |    |
|           | which     |           |           |         |    |
|           | depend on |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | pa        |           |           |         |    |
|           | rameters; |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"lower   |           |           |         |    |
|           | case      |           |           |         |    |
|           | letter\"  |           |           |         |    |
|           | i         |           |           |         |    |
|           | dentifies |           |           |         |    |
|           | a step    |           |           |         |    |
|           | sequence  |           |           |         |    |
|           | that take |           |           |         |    |
|           | place if  |           |           |         |    |
|           | a         |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | parameter |           |           |         |    |
|           | has a     |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | articular |           |           |         |    |
|           | value.    |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 14a       | IF 5GS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
| 1-14a16a1 | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |         |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Initial   |           |           |         |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 14, THEN  |           |           |         |    |
|           | steps 5   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 14        | ELSE IF   | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
| b1-14b5a1 | 5GS       |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |         |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |         |    |
|           | Mobility  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 14, THEN  |           |           |         |    |
|           | steps 4   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to 6a1 of |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 1.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Following |           |           |           |         |    |
| attempts  |           |           |           |         |    |
| to access |           |           |           |         |    |
| the       |           |           |           |         |    |
| H         |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN/EHPL |           |           |           |         |    |
| MN/higher |           |           |           |         |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN in   |           |           |           |         |    |
| VPLMN is  |           |           |           |         |    |
| operator  |           |           |           |         |    |
| specific  |           |           |           |         |    |
| setting   |           |           |           |         |    |
| (Refer to |           |           |           |         |    |
| TS 23.122 |           |           |           |         |    |
| \[38\]    |           |           |           |         |    |
| Rel-1     |           |           |           |         |    |
| 5).Hence, |           |           |           |         |    |
| window    |           |           |           |         |    |
| between   |           |           |           |         |    |
| 2min to   |           |           |           |         |    |
| T+        |           |           |           |         |    |
| Tolerance |           |           |           |         |    |
| is being  |           |           |           |         |    |
| used,     |           |           |           |         |    |
| where the |           |           |           |         |    |
| high      |           |           |           |         |    |
| priority  |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN      |           |           |           |         |    |
| search    |           |           |           |         |    |
| timer T   |           |           |           |         |    |
| defined   |           |           |           |         |    |
| by        |           |           |           |         |    |
| EF        |           |           |           |         |    |
| ~HPPLMN~. |           |           |           |         |    |
| Tolerance |           |           |           |         |    |
| of 5min   |           |           |           |         |    |
| is added  |           |           |           |         |    |
| to allow  |           |           |           |         |    |
| time for  |           |           |           |         |    |
| the UE to |           |           |           |         |    |
| find the  |           |           |           |         |    |
| proper    |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN.     |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| The 5GS   |           |           |           |         |    |
| reg       |           |           |           |         |    |
| istration |           |           |           |         |    |
| type      |           |           |           |         |    |
| shall be  |           |           |           |         |    |
| only set  |           |           |           |         |    |
| as        |           |           |           |         |    |
| Mobility  |           |           |           |         |    |
| Reg       |           |           |           |         |    |
| istration |           |           |           |         |    |
| for R16   |           |           |           |         |    |
| onwards   |           |           |           |         |    |
| UEs       |           |           |           |         |    |
| according |           |           |           |         |    |
| to TS     |           |           |           |         |    |
| 24.501    |           |           |           |         |    |
| \[22\]    |           |           |           |         |    |
| subclause |           |           |           |         |    |
| 5.2.3.2.5 |           |           |           |         |    |
| specified |           |           |           |         |    |
| in        |           |           |           |         |    |
| Release   |           |           |           |         |    |
| 16        |           |           |           |         |    |
| onwards.  |           |           |           |         |    |
| The       |           |           |           |         |    |
| EXCEPTION |           |           |           |         |    |
| de        |           |           |           |         |    |
| scription |           |           |           |         |    |
| applies   |           |           |           |         |    |
| only to   |           |           |           |         |    |
| R15 UEs.  |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+

##### 6.4.1.1.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-71 .H6}

Table 6.4.1.1.3.3-1: *SIB4* for NR Cell 12 (preamble and all steps,
Table 6.4.1.1.3.2-3)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                               
  Information Element                                                                   Value/Remark                                    Comment   Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                             
  interFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo {   2 entries                                                 
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                              entry 1   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink NR ARFCN as used for NR Cell 13             
  cellReselectionPriority                                                               4                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                               
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                              entry 2   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink NR ARFCN as used for NR Cell 1              
  cellReselectionPriority                                                               4                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                               
  }                                                                                                                                               
  }                                                                                                                                               
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.4.1.1.3.3-2: *SIB4* for NR Cell 13 (preamble and all steps,
Table 6.4.1.1.3.2-3)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                               
  Information Element                                                                   Value/Remark                                    Comment   Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                             
  interFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo {   2 entries                                                 
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                              entry 1   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink NR ARFCN as used for NR Cell 12             
  cellReselectionPriority                                                               4                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                               
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                              entry 2   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink NR ARFCN as used for NR Cell 1              
  cellReselectionPriority                                                               4                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                               
  }                                                                                                                                               
  }                                                                                                                                               
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.4.1.1.3.3-3: REGISTRATION ACCEPT for NR Cell 12 (step 0C14,
Table 6.4.1.1.3.2-3; step 14, TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.5.3.2-1)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.7.1-7                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/Remark   Comment   Condition
  Equivalent PLMNs                                    PLMN16                   

Table 6.4.1.1.3.3-4: RRCResumeRequest (Step 2, Table 6.4.1.1.3.2-3)

  ---------------------------------------------------- --------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-19                             
  Information Element                                  Value/remark    Comment   Condition
  RRCResumeRequest ::= SEQUENCE {                                                
  rrcResumeRequest SEQUENCE {                                                    
  resumeCause                                          mo-Signalling             
  }                                                                              
  }                                                                              
  ---------------------------------------------------- --------------- --------- -----------

#### 6.4.1.2 Cell reselection of ePLMN in manual mode

##### 6.4.1.2.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-81 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-146 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_INACTIVE state on a NR cell in manual PLMN
Selection mode and network has downloaded a list of equivalent PLMNs
during the Registration procedure }

**ensure that** {

**when** { Higher ranked cell is a cell of a PLMN in the downloaded
equivalent PLMN list }

**then** { UE reselects to the equivalent PLMN cell , and attempts
Registration with mobility on the selected cell. }

}

##### (2) {#section-147 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_INACTIVE state on a cell and network has
downloaded a list of equivalent PLMNs during Registration procedure for
mobility }

**ensure that** {

**when** { Highest ranked cell is a cell of a PLMN not in the downloaded
equivalent PLMN list }

**then** { UE does not reselect to the cell. }

}

##### 6.4.1.2.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-81 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 23.122 clauses 4.4.3.1.2 and TS 38.304, clauses 4.1 and
clauses 4.2. Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.4.3.1.2\]

The MS indicates whether there are any PLMNs, which are available using
all supported access technologies. This includes PLMNs in the
\"forbidden PLMNs\" list, \"forbidden PLMNs for GPRS service\" list and
PLMNs which only offer services not supported by the MS. An MS which
supports GSM COMPACT shall also indicate GSM COMPACT PLMNs (which use
PBCCH).

If displayed, PLMNs meeting the criteria above are presented in the
following order:

i)- either the HPLMN (if the EHPLMN list is not present or is empty) or,
if one or more of the EHPLMNs are available then based on an optional
data field on the SIM either only the highest priority available EHPLMN
is to be presented to the user or all available EHPLMNs are presented to
the user in priority order. If the data field is not present on the SIM,
then only the highest priority available EHPLMN is presented;

ii)- PLMN/access technology combinations contained in the \" User
Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology \" data file in the SIM
(in priority order);

iii)- PLMN/access technology combinations contained in the \"Operator
Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file in the SIM
(in priority order);

iv)- other PLMN/access technology combinations with received high
quality signal in random order;

v)- other PLMN/access technology combinations in order of decreasing
signal quality.

In ii and iii, an MS using a SIM without access technology information
storage (i.e. the \"User Controlled PLMN Selector with Access
Technology\" and the \"Operator Controlled PLMN Selector with Access
Technology\" data files are not present) shall instead present the PLMNs
contained in the \"PLMN Selector\" data file in the SIM (in priority
order).

In v, requirement h) in subclause 4.4.3.1.1 applies.

In i to v, requirements j), k) and l) in subclause 4.4.3.1.1 apply.

In GSM COMPACT, the non support of voice services shall be indicated to
the user.

The HPLMN may provide on the SIM additional information on the available
PLMNs. If this information is provided then the MS shall indicate it to
the user. This information, provided as free text may include:

\- preferred partner,

\- roaming agreement status,

\- supported services

Furthermore, the MS may indicate whether the available PLMNs are present
on the EHPLMN list, the Forbidden list, the User Controlled PLMN List or
the Operator Controlled PLMN List. The MS may also indicate that the
PLMN is not present on any of these lists.

The user may select his desired PLMN and the MS then initiates
registration on this PLMN using the access technology chosen by the user
for that PLMN or using the highest priority available access technology
for that PLMN, if the associated access technologies have a priority
order. (This may take place at any time during the presentation of
PLMNs). For such a registration, the MS shall ignore the contents of the
\"forbidden location areas for roaming\", \"forbidden tracking areas for
roaming\", \"5GS forbidden tracking areas for roaming\", \"forbidden
location areas for regional provision of service\", \"forbidden tracking
areas for regional provision of service\", \"5GS forbidden tracking
areas for regional provision of service\", \"forbidden PLMNs for GPRS
service\" and \"forbidden PLMNs\" lists.

NOTE 1: It is an MS implementation option whether to indicate access
technologies to the user. If the MS does display access technologies,
then the access technology selected by the user is only used for initial
registration on the selected PLMN. If the MS does not display access
technologies, then the access technology chosen for a particular PLMN
should be the highest priority available access technology for that
PLMN, if the associated access technologies have a priority order, and
is only used for initial registration.

Once the MS has registered on a PLMN selected by the user, the MS shall
not automatically register on a different PLMN unless:

i\) the new PLMN is declared as an equivalent PLMN by the registered
PLMN;

ii\) the user selects automatic mode;

iii\) the user initiates an emergency call while the MS is in limited
service state and either the network does not broadcast the indication
of support of emergency calls in limited service state, the registration
request for emergency services is rejected by the network or the attach
request for emergency bearer services is rejected by the network; or

iv\) the user initiates access to RLOS, while the MS is in limited
service state and either the network does not broadcast the indication
of support of RLOS in limited service state, or the EPS attach request
for access to RLOS is rejected by the network.

NOTE 2: If case iii) or iv) occurs, the MS can provide an indication to
the upper layers that the MS has exited manual network selection mode.

If the user does not select a PLMN, the selected PLMN shall be the one
that was selected before the PLMN selection procedure started. If no
such PLMN was selected or that PLMN is no longer available, then the MS
shall attempt to camp on any acceptable cell and enter the limited
service state.

NOTE 3: High quality signal is defined in the appropriate AS
specification.

\[TS 38.304, clause 4.1\]

The RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE state tasks can be subdivided into
three processes:

\- PLMN selection;

\- Cell selection and reselection;

\- Location registration and RNA update.

PLMN selection, cell reselection procedures, and location registration
are common for both RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE state. RNA update
is only applicable for RRC\_INACTIVE state. When UE selects a new PLMN,
UE transitions from RRC\_INACTIVE to RRC\_IDLE, as specified in TS
24.501 \[14\].

When a UE is switched on, a public land mobile network (PLMN) is
selected by NAS. For the selected PLMN, associated RAT(s) may be set, as
specified in TS 23.122 \[9\]. The NAS shall provide a list of equivalent
PLMNs, if available, that the AS shall use for cell selection and cell
reselection.

With cell selection, the UE searches for a suitable cell of the selected
PLMN, chooses that cell to provide available services, and monitors its
control channel. This procedure is defined as \"camping on the cell\".

The UE shall, if necessary, then register its presence, by means of a
NAS registration procedure, in the tracking area of the chosen cell. As
an outcome of a successful Location Registration, the selected PLMN then
becomes the registered PLMN, as specified in TS 23.122 \[9\].

If the UE finds a more suitable cell, according to the cell reselection
criteria, it reselects onto that cell and camps on it. If the new cell
does not belong to at least one tracking area to which the UE is
registered, location registration is performed. In RRC\_INACTIVE state,
if the new cell does not belong to the configured RNA, an RNA update
procedure is performed.

If necessary, the UE shall search for higher priority PLMNs at regular
time intervals as described in TS 23.122 \[9\] and search for a suitable
cell if another PLMN has been selected by NAS.

If the UE loses coverage of the registered PLMN, either a new PLMN is
selected automatically (automatic mode), or an indication of available
PLMNs is given to the user so that a manual selection can be performed
(manual mode).

Registration is not performed by UEs only capable of services that need
no registration.

The purpose of camping on a cell in RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE
state is fourfold:

a\) It enables the UE to receive system information from the PLMN.

b\) When registered and if the UE wishes to establish an RRC connection
or resume a suspended RRC connection, it can do this by initially
accessing the network on the control channel of the cell on which it is
camped.

c\) If the network needs to send a message or deliver data to the
registered UE, it knows (in most cases) the set of tracking areas (in
RRC\_IDLE state) or RNA (in RRC\_INACTIVE state) in which the UE is
camped. It can then send a \"paging\" message for the UE on the control
channels of all the cells in the corresponding set of areas. The UE will
then receive the paging message and can respond.

d\) It enables the UE to receive ETWS and CMAS notifications.

When the UE is in RRC\_IDLE state, upper layers may deactivate AS layer
when MICO mode is activated as specified in TS 24.501 \[14\]. When MICO
mode is activated, the AS configuration (e.g. priorities provided by
dedicated signalling) is kept and all running timers continue to run but
the UE need not perform any idle mode tasks. If a timer expires while
MICO mode is activated it is up to the UE implementation whether it
performs the corresponding action immediately or the latest when MICO
mode is deactivated. When MICO mode is deactivated, the UE shall perform
all idle mode tasks.

\[TS 38.304, clause 4.2\]

Table 4.2-1 presents the functional division between UE non-access
stratum (NAS) and UE access stratum (AS) in RRC\_IDLE state and
RRC\_INACTIVE states. The NAS part is specified in TS 23.122 \[9\] and
the AS part in the present document.

Table 4.2-1: Functional division between AS and NAS in RRC\_IDLE state
and RRC\_INACTIVE state

+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| RRC\_IDLE and        | UE Non-Access        | UE Access Stratum    |
| RRC\_INACTIVE state  | Stratum              |                      |
| Process              |                      |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| PLMN Selection       | Maintain a list of   | Search for available |
|                      | PLMNs in priority    | PLMNs.               |
|                      | order according to   |                      |
|                      | TS 23.122 \[9\].     | If associated RAT(s) |
|                      | Select a PLMN using  | is (are) set for the |
|                      | automatic or manual  | PLMN, search in this |
|                      | mode as specified in | (these) RAT(s) and   |
|                      | TS 23.122 \[9\] and  | other RAT(s) for     |
|                      | request AS to select | that PLMN as         |
|                      | a cell belonging to  | specified in TS      |
|                      | this PLMN. For each  | 23.122 \[9\].        |
|                      | PLMN, associated     |                      |
|                      | RAT(s) may be set.   | Perform measurements |
|                      |                      | to support PLMN      |
|                      | Evaluate reports of  | selection.           |
|                      | available PLMNs from |                      |
|                      | AS for PLMN          | Synchronise to a     |
|                      | selection.           | broadcast channel to |
|                      |                      | identify found       |
|                      | Maintain a list of   | PLMNs.               |
|                      | equivalent PLMN      |                      |
|                      | identities.          | Report available     |
|                      |                      | PLMNs with           |
|                      |                      | associated RAT(s) to |
|                      |                      | NAS on request from  |
|                      |                      | NAS or autonomously. |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Cell\                | Control cell         | Perform measurements |
| Selection            | selection for        | needed to support    |
|                      | example by           | cell selection.      |
|                      | indicating RAT(s)    |                      |
|                      | associated with the  | Detect and           |
|                      | selected PLMN to be  | synchronise to a     |
|                      | used initially in    | broadcast channel.   |
|                      | the search of a cell | Receive and handle   |
|                      | in the cell          | broadcast            |
|                      | selection.           | information. Forward |
|                      |                      | NAS system           |
|                      | Maintain a list of   | information to NAS.  |
|                      | \"Forbidden Tracking |                      |
|                      | Areas\" and provide  | Search for a         |
|                      | the list to AS.      | suitable cell. The   |
|                      |                      | cells broadcast one  |
|                      |                      | or more \'PLMN       |
|                      |                      | identity\' in the    |
|                      |                      | system information.  |
|                      |                      | Respond to NAS       |
|                      |                      | whether such cell is |
|                      |                      | found or not.        |
|                      |                      |                      |
|                      |                      | If associated RATs   |
|                      |                      | is (are) set for the |
|                      |                      | PLMN, perform the    |
|                      |                      | search in this       |
|                      |                      | (these) RAT(s) and   |
|                      |                      | other RATs for that  |
|                      |                      | PLMN as specified in |
|                      |                      | TS 23.122 \[9\].     |
|                      |                      |                      |
|                      |                      | If a cell is found   |
|                      |                      | which satisfies cell |
|                      |                      | selection criteria,  |
|                      |                      | camp on that cell.   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Cell\                | Maintain a list of   | Perform measurements |
| Reselection          | equivalent PLMN      | needed to support    |
|                      | identities and       | cell reselection.    |
|                      | provide the list to  |                      |
|                      | AS.                  | Detect and           |
|                      |                      | synchronise to a     |
|                      | Maintain a list of   | broadcast channel.   |
|                      | \"Forbidden Tracking | Receive and handle   |
|                      | Areas\" and provide  | broadcast            |
|                      | the list to AS.      | information. Forward |
|                      |                      | NAS system           |
|                      |                      | information to NAS.  |
|                      |                      |                      |
|                      |                      | Change cell if a     |
|                      |                      | more suitable cell   |
|                      |                      | is found.            |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Location             | Register the UE as   | Report registration  |
| registration         | active after power   | area information to  |
|                      | on.                  | NAS.                 |
|                      |                      |                      |
|                      | Register the UE\'s   |                      |
|                      | presence in a        |                      |
|                      | registration area,   |                      |
|                      | for instance         |                      |
|                      | regularly or when    |                      |
|                      | entering a new       |                      |
|                      | tracking area.       |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
|                      | Deregister UE when   |                      |
|                      | shutting down.       |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
|                      | Maintain a list of   |                      |
|                      | \"Forbidden Tracking |                      |
|                      | Areas\".             |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| RAN Notification     | Not applicable.      | Register the UE\'s   |
| Area Update          |                      | presence in a        |
|                      |                      | RAN-based            |
|                      |                      | notification area    |
|                      |                      | (RNA), periodically  |
|                      |                      | or when entering a   |
|                      |                      | new RNA.             |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

##### 6.4.1.2.3 Test description {#test-description-79 .H6}

##### 6.4.1.2.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-80 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-59 .H6}

> \- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 12 and NR Cell 13 are configured according to TS
> 38.508-1, Table 4.4.2-3.

\- System information combination NR-4 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2-1 is used in NR cell 1 and NR cell 12.

\- System information combination NR-1 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2-1 is used in NR cell 13.

##### UE: {#ue-72 .H6}

> \- The UE is in Manual PLMN selection mode.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-76 .H6}

> \- The UE is registered on NR Cell 1 except that the REGISTRATION
> ACCEPT message indicates the PLMN of NR Cell 12 in the Equivalent PLMN
> list as described in Table 6.4.1.2.3.3-4.

\- The UE is in state 2N-A as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table
4.4A.2-2 on NR Cell 1.

##### 6.4.1.2.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-77 .H6}

Table 6.4.1.2.3.2-1 for FR1 and Table 6.4.1.2.3.2-2 for FR2 illustrates
the downlink power levels and other changing parameters to be applied
for the cells at various time instants of the test execution. Row marked
\"T0\" denotes the initial conditions after preamble, while columns
marked \"T1\", \"T2\" and \"T3\" are to be applied subsequently in the
Main behaviour. The exact instants on which these values shall be
applied are described in the texts in this clause.

> Table 6.4.1.2.3.2-1: Cell configuration changes over time for FR1

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remarks |
|    | rameter |         | 1       | 12      | 13      |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T0 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -99     | -88     | -78     |         |
|    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | "Off"   | "Off"   | "Off"   | Power   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | "Off"   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 6.      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.1-3 |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

> Table 6.4.1.2.3.2-2: Cell configuration changes over time for FR2

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remarks |
|    | rameter |         | 1       | 12      | 13      |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T0 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -100    | -91     | -82     |         |
|    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | "Off"   | "Off"   | "Off"   | Power   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | "Off"   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 6.      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.2-2 |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.4.1.2.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| **St**    | **Pr      | **Message | **TP**    | **        |    |
|           | ocedure** | S         |           | Verdict** |    |
|           |           | equence** |           |           |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+====+
|           |           | **U - S** | **        |           |    |
|           |           |           | Message** |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 1         | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row T0 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.4.1.2   |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 2         | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCResum |           |    |
|           | UE        |           | eRequest* |           |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |           |    |
|           | an        |           |           |           |    |
|           | *RRCResum |           |           |           |    |
|           | eRequest* |           |           |           |    |
|           | message   |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 12?  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 3-6       | Steps 2   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | to 5 of   |           |           |           |    |
|           | the       |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | test      |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |           |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | with      |           |           |           |    |
|           | condition |           |           |           |    |
|           | MOBILITY  |           |           |           |    |
|           | are       |           |           |           |    |
|           | p         |           |           |           |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 1)  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 6A-6D     | Steps 5   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | to 8 of   |           |           |           |    |
|           | the       |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | test      |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4         |           |           |           |    |
|           | .5.4.2-3. |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 3)  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 7         | The SS    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | \-        | \- |
|           | transmits |           | R         |           |    |
|           | an        |           | RCRelease |           |    |
|           | *RR       |           |           |           |    |
|           | CRelease* |           |           |           |    |
|           | message   |           |           |           |    |
|           | with      |           |           |           |    |
|           | suspend.  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 8         | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 2         | F  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCResum |           |    |
|           | UE send   |           | eRequest* |           |    |
|           | an        |           |           |           |    |
|           | *RRCResum |           |           |           |    |
|           | eRequest* |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 13   |           |           |           |    |
|           | and NR    |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1    |           |           |           |    |
|           | within    |           |           |           |    |
|           | 60s?      |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 9         | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row T1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.4.1.2   |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 10        | Set UE to | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | Automatic |           |           |           |    |
|           | PLMN      |           |           |           |    |
|           | selection |           |           |           |    |
|           | mode.     |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 2)  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| The       |           |           |           |           |    |
| REG       |           |           |           |           |    |
| ISTRATION |           |           |           |           |    |
| REQUEST   |           |           |           |           |    |
| is        |           |           |           |           |    |
| accepted  |           |           |           |           |    |
| with the  |           |           |           |           |    |
| PLMN of   |           |           |           |           |    |
| NR Cell 1 |           |           |           |           |    |
| listed as |           |           |           |           |    |
| an        |           |           |           |           |    |
| E         |           |           |           |           |    |
| quivalent |           |           |           |           |    |
| PLMN.     |           |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| Steps 10  |           |           |           |           |    |
| is to     |           |           |           |           |    |
| ensure UE |           |           |           |           |    |
| is set    |           |           |           |           |    |
| back to   |           |           |           |           |    |
| automatic |           |           |           |           |    |
| PLMN      |           |           |           |           |    |
| selection |           |           |           |           |    |
| mode for  |           |           |           |           |    |
| the next  |           |           |           |           |    |
| test      |           |           |           |           |    |
| case.     |           |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
| Note 3:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| No        |           |           |           |           |    |
| SERVICE   |           |           |           |           |    |
| ACCEPT    |           |           |           |           |    |
| message   |           |           |           |           |    |
| should be |           |           |           |           |    |
| included  |           |           |           |           |    |
| in step   |           |           |           |           |    |
| 6C        |           |           |           |           |    |
| (corr     |           |           |           |           |    |
| esponding |           |           |           |           |    |
| to step 7 |           |           |           |           |    |
| of Table  |           |           |           |           |    |
| 4.5.4.2-3 |           |           |           |           |    |
| in TS     |           |           |           |           |    |
| 38.508-1  |           |           |           |           |    |
| \[4\]).   |           |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+

##### 6.4.1.2.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-72 .H6}

Table 6.4.1.2.3.3-1: *SIB4* for NR Cell 1 (preamble and all steps, Table
6.4.1.2.3.2-2)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation path: 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                                   
  Information Element                                                                   Value/Remark                                    Comment   Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                             
  interFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo {   2 entries                                                 
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                              entry 1   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink NR ARFCN as used for NR Cell 12             
  cellReselectionPriority                                                               4                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                               
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                              entry 2   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink NR ARFCN as used for NR Cell 13             
  cellReselectionPriority                                                               4                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                               
  }                                                                                                                                               
  }                                                                                                                                               
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.4.1.2.3.3-2: *SIB4* for NR Cell 12 (preamble and all steps,
Table 6.4.1.2.3.2-2)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation path: 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                                   
  Information Element                                                                   Value/Remark                                    Comment   Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                             
  interFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo {   2 entries                                                 
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                              entry 1   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink NR ARFCN as used for NR Cell 1              
  cellReselectionPriority                                                               4                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                               
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                              entry 2   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink NR ARFCN as used for NR Cell 13             
  cellReselectionPriority                                                               4                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                               
  }                                                                                                                                               
  }                                                                                                                                               
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.4.1.2.3.3-3: REGISTRATION ACCEPT for NR Cell 1 (preamble)

  Derivation path: 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-7                                          
  ----------------------------------------------- ------------------------ ------------- ---------------
  **Information Element**                         **Value/Remark**         **Comment**   **Condition**
  Equivalent PLMNs                                The PLMN of NR Cell 12                 

Table 6.4.1.2.3.3-3A: RRCResumeRequest (Step 2, Table 6.4.1.2.3.2-3)

  ---------------------------------------------------- --------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-19                             
  Information Element                                  Value/remark    Comment   Condition
  RRCResumeRequest ::= SEQUENCE {                                                
  rrcResumeRequest SEQUENCE {                                                    
  resumeCause                                          mo-Signalling             
  }                                                                              
  }                                                                              
  ---------------------------------------------------- --------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.4.1.2.3.3-4: REGISTRATION ACCEPT for NR Cell 12 (step 5, Table
6.4.1.2.3.2-2)

  Derivation path: 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-7                                         
  ----------------------------------------------- ----------------------- ------------- ---------------
  **Information Element**                         **Value/Remark**        **Comment**   **Condition**
  Equivalent PLMNs                                The PLMN of NR Cell 1                 
  Allowed NSSAI                                                                         
  S-NSSAI                                                                               
  Length of S-NSSAI contents                      '0000 0010'B                          
  Mapped HPLMN SST                                Same as SST                           

Table 6.4.1.2.3.3-4A: RRCReconfiguration for NR Cell 12 (step 6C, Table
6.4.1.2.3.2-2)

  Derivation path: 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.6.1-13 with condition NR                                    
  ------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------------ ------------- ---------------
  **Information Element**                                            **Value/Remark**   **Comment**   **Condition**
  dedicatedNAS-MessageList                                           Not Present                      

Table 6.4.1.2.3.3-5: *RRCRelease* (step 7, Table 6.4.1.2.3.2-2)

  ------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- -------------------
  Derivation Path: 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-4B                                                                                      
  Information Element                               Value/remark                                         Comment                       Condition
  RRCRelease ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                            
  criticalExtensions CHOICE {                                                                                                          
  rrcRelease SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                
  suspendConfig SEQUENCE {                                                                                                             NR\_RRC\_INACTIVE
  ran-NotificationAreaInfo CHOICE {                                                                                                    
  cellList SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                  
  plmn-Identity                                                                                          PLMN ID of NR Cell 12         
  ran-AreaCells SEQUENCE {                                                                                                             
  cellIdentity                                      See Table 4.4.2-2 and 4.4.2-3 in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]   Cell Identity of NR Cell 12   
  }                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                    
  ------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- -------------------

### 6.4.2 Cell Selection/Qrxlevmin & Cell Reselection (Intra NR in RRC\_INACTIVE state)

#### 6.4.2.1 Cell Selection/Qrxlevmin & Cell Reselection (Intra NR in RRC\_INACTIVE state)

##### 6.4.2.1.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-82 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-148 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_INACTIVE state }

**ensure** **that** {

**when** { serving cell fulfils all requirements for a suitable cell
except the cell selection criteria which are not fulfilled (Srxlev\<0) }

**then** { UE does not consider the cell as suitable , leaves
RRC\_INACTIVE state and does not remain camped on that cell }

}

##### (2) {#section-149 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_INACTIVE state }

**ensure** **that** {

**when** { UE detects a cell ranked as the best cell }

**then** { UE reselects to the new cell and continues to remain in
RRC\_INACTIVE state }

}

##### 6.4.2.1.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-82 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 38.300, clause 9.2.1.1, and TS 38.304, clause 4.1, 4.5,
5.2.1, 5.2.3.1 and 5.2.3.2. Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-15
requirements.

\[TS 38.300, clause 9.2.1.1\]

The principles of PLMN selection in NR are based on the 3GPP PLMN
selection principles. Cell selection is required on transition from
RM-DEREGISTERED to RM-REGISTERED, from CM-IDLE to CM-CONNECTED and from
CM-CONNECTED to CM-IDLE and is based on the following principles:

\- The UE NAS layer identifies a selected PLMN and equivalent PLMNs;

\- Cell selection is always based on CD-SSBs located on the
synchronization raster (see subclause 5.2.4):

\- The UE searches the NR frequency bands and for each carrier frequency
identifies the strongest cell as per the CD-SSB. It then reads cell
system information broadcast to identify its PLMN(s):

\- The UE may search each carrier in turn (\"initial cell selection\")
or make use of stored information to shorten the search (\"stored
information cell selection\").

\- The UE seeks to identify a suitable cell; if it is not able to
identify a suitable cell it seeks to identify an acceptable cell. When a
suitable cell is found or if only an acceptable cell is found it camps
on that cell and commence the cell reselection procedure:

\- A suitable cell is one for which the measured cell attributes satisfy
the cell selection criteria; the cell PLMN is the selected PLMN,
registered or an equivalent PLMN; the cell is not barred or reserved and
the cell is not part of a tracking area which is in the list of
\"forbidden tracking areas for roaming\";

\- An acceptable cell is one for which the measured cell attributes
satisfy the cell selection criteria and the cell is not barred.

Transition to RRC\_IDLE:

On transition from RRC\_CONNECTED or RRC\_INACTIVE to RRC\_IDLE, a UE
should camp on a cell as result of cell selection according to the
frequency be assigned by RRC in the state transition message if any.

Recovery from out of coverage:

The UE should attempt to find a suitable cell in the manner described
for stored information or initial cell selection above. If no suitable
cell is found on any frequency or RAT, the UE should attempt to find an
acceptable cell.

In multi-beam operations, the cell quality is derived amongst the beams
corresponding to the same cell (see subclause 9.2.4).

\[TS 38.304, clause 4.1\]

The RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE state tasks can be subdivided into
three processes:

> \- PLMN selection;
>
> \- Cell selection and reselection;
>
> \- Location registration and RNA update.

PLMN selection, cell reselection procedures, and location registration
are common for both RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE state. RNA update
is only applicable for RRC\_INACTIVE state. When UE selects a new PLMN,
UE transitions from RRC\_INACTIVE to RRC\_IDLE, as specified in TS
24.501 \[14\].

When a UE is switched on, a public land mobile network (PLMN) is
selected by NAS. For the selected PLMN, associated RAT(s) may be set, as
specified in TS 23.122 \[9\]. The NAS shall provide a list of equivalent
PLMNs, if available, that the AS shall use for cell selection and cell
reselection.

With cell selection, the UE searches for a suitable cell of the selected
PLMN, chooses that cell to provide available services, and monitors its
control channel. This procedure is defined as \"camping on the cell\".

The UE shall, if necessary, then register its presence, by means of a
NAS registration procedure, in the tracking area of the chosen cell. As
an outcome of a successful Location Registration, the selected PLMN then
becomes the registered PLMN, as specified in TS 23.122 \[9\].

If the UE finds a more suitable cell, according to the cell reselection
criteria, it reselects onto that cell and camps on it. If the new cell
does not belong to at least one tracking area to which the UE is
registered, location registration is performed. In RRC\_INACTIVE state,
if the new cell does not belong to the configured RNA, an RNA update
procedure is performed.

...

The purpose of camping on a cell in RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE
state is fourfold:

> a\) It enables the UE to receive system information from the PLMN.
>
> b\) When registered and if the UE wishes to establish an RRC
> connection or resume a suspended RRC connection, it can do this by
> initially accessing the network on the control channel of the cell on
> which it is camped.
>
> c\) If the network needs to send a message or deliver data to the
> registered UE, it knows (in most cases) the set of tracking areas (in
> RRC\_IDLE state) or RNA (in RRC\_INACTIVE state) in which the UE is
> camped. It can then send a \"paging\" message for the UE on the
> control channels of all the cells in the corresponding set of areas.
> The UE will then receive the paging message and can respond.
>
> d\) It enables the UE to receive ETWS and CMAS notifications.

When the UE is in RRC\_IDLE state, upper layers may deactivate AS layer
when MICO mode is activated as specified in TS 24.501 \[14\]. When MICO
mode is activated, the AS configuration (e.g. priorities provided by
dedicated signalling) is kept and all running timers continue to run but
the UE need not perform any idle mode tasks. If a timer expires while
MICO mode is activated it is up to the UE implementation whether it
performs the corresponding action immediately or the latest when MICO
mode is deactivated. When MICO mode is deactivated, the UE shall perform
all idle mode tasks.

\[TS 38.304, clause 4.5\]

The cells are categorised according to which services they offer:

**[acceptable cell:]{.underline}**

An \"acceptable cell\" is a cell on which the UE may camp to obtain
limited service (originate emergency calls and receive ETWS and CMAS
notifications). Such a cell shall fulfil the following requirements,
which is the minimum set of requirements to initiate an emergency call
and to receive ETWS and CMAS notification in an NR network:

> \- The cell is not barred, see subclause 5.3.1;
>
> \- The cell selection criteria are fulfilled, see subclause 5.2.3.2.

**[suitable cell:]{.underline}**

A cell is considered as suitable if the following conditions are
fulfilled:

> \- The cell is part of either the selected PLMN or the registered PLMN
> or PLMN of the Equivalent PLMN list and *trackingAreaCode* is provided
> for that PLMN;
>
> \- The cell selection criteria are fulfilled, see subclause 5.2.3.2.

According to the latest information provided by NAS:

> \- The cell is not barred, see subclause 5.3.1;
>
> \- The cell is part of at least one TA that is not part of the list of
> \"Forbidden Tracking Areas\" (TS 22.261 \[12\]), which belongs to a
> PLMN that fulfils the first bullet above.

**[barred cell:]{.underline}**

A cell is barred if it is so indicated in the system information, as
specified in TS 38.331 \[3\].

**[reserved cell:]{.underline}**

A cell is reserved if it is so indicated in system information, as
specified in TS 38.331 \[3\].

Following exception to these definitions are applicable for UEs:

> \- if a UE has an ongoing emergency call, all acceptable cells of that
> PLMN are treated as suitable for the duration of the emergency call.
>
> \- camped on a cell that belongs to a registration area that is
> forbidden for regional provision of service; a cell that belongs to a
> registration area that is forbidden for regional provision service (TS
> 23.122 \[9\], TS 24.501 \[14\]) is suitable but provides only limited
> service.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.1\]

UE shall perform measurements for cell selection and reselection
purposes as specified in TS 38.133 \[8\].

When evaluating Srxlev and Squal of non-serving cells for reselection
evaluation purposes, the UE shall use parameters provided by the serving
cell and for the final check on cell selection criterion, the UE shall
use parameters provided by the target cell for cell reselection.

The NAS can control the RAT(s) in which the cell selection should be
performed, for instance by indicating RAT(s) associated with the
selected PLMN, and by maintaining a list of forbidden registration
area(s) and a list of equivalent PLMNs. The UE shall select a suitable
cell based on RRC\_IDLE or RRC\_INACTIVE state measurements and cell
selection criteria.

In order to expedite the cell selection process, stored information for
several RATs, if available, may be used by the UE.

When camped on a cell, the UE shall regularly search for a better cell
according to the cell reselection criteria. If a better cell is found,
that cell is selected. The change of cell may imply a change of RAT.
Details on performance requirements for cell reselection can be found in
TS 38.133 \[8\].

The NAS is informed if the cell selection and reselection result in
changes in the received system information relevant for NAS.

For normal service, the UE shall camp on a suitable cell, monitor
control channel(s) of that cell so that the UE can:

> \- receive system information from the PLMN; and
>
> \- receive registration area information from the PLMN, e.g., tracking
> area information; and
>
> \- receive other AS and NAS Information; and
>
> \- if registered:
>
> \- receive paging and notification messages from the PLMN; and
>
> \- initiate transfer to Connected mode.

For cell selection in multi-beam operations, measurement quantity of a
cell is up to UE implementation.

For cell reselection in multi-beam operations, the measurement quantity
of this cell is derived amongst the beams corresponding to the same cell
based on SS/PBCH block as follows:

> \- if *nrofSS-BlocksToAverage* is not configured in *SIB2/SIB4*; or
>
> \- if *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* is not configured in
> *SIB2/SIB4*; or
>
> \- if the highest beam measurement quantity value is below or equal to
> *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation*:
>
> \- derive a cell measurement quantity as the highest beam measurement
> quantity value, where each beam measurement quantity is described in
> TS 38.215 \[11\].
>
> \- else:
>
> \- derive a cell measurement quantity as the linear average of the
> power values of up to *nrofSS-BlocksToAverage* of highest beam
> measurement quantity values above *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation*.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.3.1\]

Cell selection is performed by one of the following two procedures:

> a\) Initial cell selection (no prior knowledge of which RF channels
> are NR frequencies):
>
> 1\. The UE shall scan all RF channels in the NR bands according to its
> capabilities to find a suitable cell.
>
> 2\. On each frequency, the UE need only search for the strongest cell.
>
> 3\. Once a suitable cell is found, this cell shall be selected.
>
> b\) Cell selection by leveraging stored information:
>
> 1\. This procedure requires stored information of frequencies and
> optionally also information on cell parameters from previously
> received measurement control information elements or from previously
> detected cells.
>
> 2\. Once the UE has found a suitable cell, the UE shall select it.
>
> 3\. If no suitable cell is found, the initial cell selection procedure
> in a) shall be started.

NOTE: Priorities between different frequencies or RATs provided to the
UE by system information or dedicated signalling are not used in the
cell selection process.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.3.2\]

The cell selection criterion S is fulfilled when:

Srxlev \> 0 AND Squal \> 0

where:

Srxlev = Q~rxlevmeas~ -- (Q~rxlevmin~ + Q~rxlevminoffset~ )--
P~compensation~ - **Qoffset~temp~**

Squal = Q~qualmeas~ -- (Q~qualmin~ + Q~qualminoffset~) -
**Qoffset~temp~**

where:

+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Srxlev             | Cell selection RX level value (dB)             |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Squal              | Cell selection quality value (dB)              |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| **Qoffset~temp~**  | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as        |
|                    | specified in TS 38.331 \[3\] (dB)              |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevmeas~       | Measured cell RX level value (RSRP)            |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualmeas~        | Measured cell quality value (RSRQ)             |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevmin~        | Minimum required RX level in the cell (dBm).   |
|                    | If the UE supports SUL frequency for this      |
|                    | cell, Qrxlevmin is obtained from               |
|                    | *q-**RxLevMinSUL*****, if present,** in        |
|                    | *SIB1*, *SIB2* and *SIB4*, additionally, if    |
|                    | Q~rxlevminoffsetcellSUL~ is present in *SIB3*  |
|                    | and *SIB4* for the concerned cell, this cell   |
|                    | specific offset is added to the corresponding  |
|                    | Qrxlevmin to achieve the required minimum RX   |
|                    | level in the concerned cell;                   |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | else Qrxlevmin is obtained from                |
|                    | ***q-RxLevMin*** in *SIB1, SIB2* and *SIB4*,   |
|                    | additionally, if Q~rxlevminoffsetcell~ is      |
|                    | present in *SIB3* and *SIB4* for the concerned |
|                    | cell, this cell specific offset is added to    |
|                    | the corresponding Qrxlevmin to achieve the     |
|                    | required minimum RX level in the concerned     |
|                    | cell.                                          |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualmin~         | Minimum required quality level in the cell     |
|                    | (dB). Additionally, if Q~qualminoffsetcell~ is |
|                    | signalled for the concerned cell, this cell    |
|                    | specific offset is added to achieve the        |
|                    | required minimum quality level in the          |
|                    | concerned cell.                                |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevminoffset~  | Offset to the signalled Q~rxlevmin~ taken into |
|                    | account in the Srxlev evaluation as a result   |
|                    | of a periodic search for a higher priority     |
|                    | PLMN while camped normally in a VPLMN, as      |
|                    | specified in TS 23.122 \[9\].                  |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualminoffset~   | Offset to the signalled Q~qualmin~ taken into  |
|                    | account in the Squal evaluation as a result of |
|                    | a periodic search for a higher priority PLMN   |
|                    | while camped normally in a VPLMN, as specified |
|                    | in TS 23.122 \[9\].                            |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~compensation~    | If the UE supports the additionalPmax in the   |
|                    | NR-NS-PmaxList, if present, in *SIB1, SIB2*    |
|                    | and *SIB4:*                                    |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | *max(P~EMAX1~ --P~PowerClass~, 0) --           |
|                    | (min(P~EMAX2~, P~PowerClass~) -- min(P~EMAX1~, |
|                    | P~PowerClass~)) (dB);*                         |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | *else:*                                        |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | *max(P~EMAX1~ --P~PowerClass~, 0) (dB)*        |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~EMAX1~, P~EMAX2~ | Maximum TX power level of a UE may use when    |
|                    | transmitting on the uplink in the cell (dBm)   |
|                    | defined as P~EMAX~ in TS 38.101 \[15\]. If UE  |
|                    | supports SUL frequency for this cell, P~EMAX1~ |
|                    | and P~EMAX2~ are obtained from the *p-Max* for |
|                    | SUL in *SIB1* and *NR-NS-PmaxList* for SUL     |
|                    | respectively in *SIB1, SIB2* and *SIB4* as     |
|                    | specified in TS 38.331 \[3\], else P~EMAX1~    |
|                    | and P~EMAX2~ are obtained from the *p-Max* and |
|                    | *NR-NS-PmaxList* respectively in *SIB1*,       |
|                    | *SIB2* and *SIB4* for normal UL as specified   |
|                    | in TS 38.331 \[3\].                            |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~PowerClass~      | Maximum RF output power of the UE (dBm)        |
|                    | according to the UE power class as defined in  |
|                    | TS 38.101-1 \[15\].                            |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+

The signalled values Q~rxlevminoffset~ and Q~qualminoffset~ are only
applied when a cell is evaluated for cell selection as a result of a
periodic search for a higher priority PLMN while camped normally in a
VPLMN (TS 23.122 \[9\]). During this periodic search for higher priority
PLMN, the UE may check the S criteria of a cell using parameter values
stored from a different cell of this higher priority PLMN.

##### 6.4.2.1.3 Test description {#test-description-80 .H6}

##### 6.4.2.1.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-81 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-60 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2.

\- System information combination NR-3 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
Table 4.4.3.1.2-1 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-73 .H6}

None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-77 .H6}

\- The UE is in state 2N-A on NR Cell 1(serving cell) according to TS
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-2.

##### 6.4.2.1.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-78 .H6}

Table 6.4.2.1.3.2-1/2 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the NR cells at various time
instants of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values
shall be applied are described in the texts in this clause. The
configuration \"T0\" indicates the initial conditions. Subsequent
configurations marked \"T1\" and \"T2\" are applied at the points
indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table 6.4.2.1.3.2-3.

Table 6.4.2.1.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | **Par    | **Unit** | **NR     | **NR     | **       |
|          | ameter** |          | Cell 1** | Cell 2** | Remark** |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| **T0**   | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -88      | Off      | The      |
|          |          |          |          |          | power    |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | level    |
|          |          |          |          |          | values   |
|          |          |          |          |          | are      |
|          |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |          |          |          | to       |
|          |          |          |          |          | ensure   |
|          |          |          |          |          | the UE   |
|          |          |          |          |          | re       |
|          |          |          |          |          | gistered |
|          |          |          |          |          | on NR    |
|          |          |          |          |          | Cell 1.  |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| **T1**   | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -115     | Off      | The      |
|          |          |          |          |          | power    |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | level    |
|          |          |          |          |          | values   |
|          |          |          |          |          | are      |
|          |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |          |          |          | to       |
|          |          |          |          |          | satisfy  |
|          |          |          |          |          | Srxlev   |
|          |          |          |          |          | ~NR\     |
|          |          |          |          |          | Cell\ 1~ |
|          |          |          |          |          | \< 0.    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| **T2**   | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -88      | -78      | The      |
|          |          |          |          |          | power    |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | level    |
|          |          |          |          |          | values   |
|          |          |          |          |          | are      |
|          |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |          |          |          | to       |
|          |          |          |          |          | satisfy  |
|          |          |          |          |          | R~NR\    |
|          |          |          |          |          | Cell\ 2~ |
|          |          |          |          |          | \>       |
|          |          |          |          |          | R~NR\ C  |
|          |          |          |          |          | ell\ 1~. |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Power    |          |          |          |          |          |
| level    |          |          |          |          |          |
| "Off" is |          |          |          |          |          |
| defined  |          |          |          |          |          |
| in TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 38.508-1 |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[4\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| Table    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 6.       |          |          |          |          |          |
| 2.2.1-3. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 6.4.2.1.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | **Par    | **Unit** | **NR     | **NR     | **       |
|          | ameter** |          | Cell 1** | Cell 2** | Remark** |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| **T0**   | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -91      | Off      | The      |
|          |          |          |          |          | power    |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | level    |
|          |          |          |          |          | values   |
|          |          |          |          |          | are      |
|          |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |          |          |          | to       |
|          |          |          |          |          | ensure   |
|          |          |          |          |          | the UE   |
|          |          |          |          |          | re       |
|          |          |          |          |          | gistered |
|          |          |          |          |          | on NR    |
|          |          |          |          |          | Cell 1.  |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| **T1**   | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | Off      | Off      | The      |
|          |          |          |          |          | power    |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | level    |
|          |          |          |          |          | values   |
|          |          |          |          |          | are      |
|          |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |          |          |          | to       |
|          |          |          |          |          | satisfy  |
|          |          |          |          |          | Srxlev   |
|          |          |          |          |          | ~NR\     |
|          |          |          |          |          | Cell\ 1~ |
|          |          |          |          |          | \< 0.    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| **T2**   | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -91      | -82      | The      |
|          |          |          |          |          | power    |
|          | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | level    |
|          |          |          |          |          | values   |
|          |          |          |          |          | are      |
|          |          |          |          |          | assigned |
|          |          |          |          |          | to       |
|          |          |          |          |          | satisfy  |
|          |          |          |          |          | R~NR\    |
|          |          |          |          |          | Cell\ 2~ |
|          |          |          |          |          | \>       |
|          |          |          |          |          | R~NR\ C  |
|          |          |          |          |          | ell\ 1~. |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| downlink |          |          |          |          |          |
| signal   |          |          |          |          |          |
| level    |          |          |          |          |          |
| unc      |          |          |          |          |          |
| ertainty |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 38.508-1 |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[4\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 6.2.2.2. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 6.4.2.1.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  **St**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               **Procedure**                                                                                                                                                                                                   **Message Sequence**   **TP**                        **Verdict**   
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------------- ------------- ----
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       **U - S**              **Message**                                 
  1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    The SS changes NR Cell 1 SSS level according to the row \"T1\" in table 6.4.2.1.3.2-1/2.                                                                                                                        \-                     \-                            \-            \-
  2                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Void                                                                                                                                                                                                            \-                     \-                            \-            \-
  2A                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Wait 15s. (Note 1)                                                                                                                                                                                              \-                     \-                            \-            \-
  3                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    The SS transmits a *Paging* message.                                                                                                                                                                            \<\--                  NR RRC: *Paging*              \-            \-
  4                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Check: Does the UE attempt to transmit an uplink message within the next 10s?                                                                                                                                   \-                     \-                            1             F
  5                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    The UE is switched off.                                                                                                                                                                                         \-                     \-                            \-            \-
  6                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Void                                                                                                                                                                                                            \-                     \-                            \-            \-
  6A                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Void                                                                                                                                                                                                            \-                     \-                            \-            \-
  6B                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   The SS changes NR Cell 1 SSS levels according to the row \"T0\" in table 6.4.2.1.3.2-1/2.                                                                                                                       \-                     \-                            \-            \-
  6C                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   The UE is switched on.                                                                                                                                                                                          \-                     \-                            \-            \-
  7                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Generic procedure specified in TS 38.508-1 Table 4.5.3.2-1 are performed, in which the RRCRelease message includes the suspendConfig with NR\_RRC\_INACTIVE condition thereby moving the UE to RRC\_INACTIVE.   \-                     \-                            \-            \-
  8-15                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Void                                                                                                                                                                                                            \-                     \-                            \-            \-
  16                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   The SS changes NR Cell 2 SSS level according to the row \"T2\" in table 6.4.2.1.3.2-1/2.                                                                                                                        \-                     \-                            \-            \-
  17                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Void                                                                                                                                                                                                            \-                     \-                            \-            \-
  18                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Check: Does the UE transmit an *RRCResumeRequest* message on the NR Cell 2?                                                                                                                                     \--\>                  NR RRC: *RRCResumeRequest*    2             P
  18A                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  The SS transmits an *RRCResume* message.                                                                                                                                                                        \<\--                  NR RRC: *RRCResume*           \-            \-
  18B                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  The UE transmit an *RRCResumeComplete* message.                                                                                                                                                                 \--\>                  NR RRC: *RRCResumeComplete*   \-            \-
  19                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   The SS transmits an *RRCRelease* message including *suspendConfig* with NR\_RRC\_INACTIVE condition.                                                                                                            \<\--                  NR RRC: *RRCRelease*          \-            \-
  Note 1: As specified in TS 38.133 \[30\] clause 4.2.2.2, UE will wait DRXCycle \* 2 to evaluate serving cell. If the UE in RRC\_IDLE has not found any new suitable cell based on searches and measurements using the intra-frequency, inter-frequency and inter-RAT information indicated in the system information for 10 s, the UE shall initiate cell selection procedures for the selected PLMN.The wait time is selected to cover DRXCycle \* 2 = 1280ms \* 2 = 2.56s + 10s = 12.56s rounded up to 13s. Therefore, the actual wait time is selected to 15s, in order to be greater than 13s.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      

##### 6.4.2.1.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-73 .H6}

Table 6.4.2.1.3.3-1: *SIB3 of NR Cell 1 (preamble* *and all steps,*
Table 6.4.2.1.3.2-3*)*

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-2                                                                                       
  Information Element                                                                     Value/remark                          Comment   Condition
  SIB3 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                     
  intraFreqNeighCellList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1.. maxCellIntra)) OF IntraFreqNeighCellInfo {   1 entry                                         
  IntraFreqNeighCellInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE{                                                                                         entry 1   
  physCellId                                                                              Physical cell identity of NR Cell 2             
  q-OffsetCell                                                                            0                                               
  }                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                       
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.4.2.1.3.3-1A: RRCResumeRequest (Step 18, Table 6.4.2.1.3.2-3)

  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-19                            
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  RRCResumeRequest ::= SEQUENCE {                                               
  rrcResumeRequest SEQUENCE {                                                   
  resumeCause                                          rna-Update               
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.4.2.1.3.3-2: RRCResume (step 18A, Table 6.4.2.1.3.2-3)

  ---------------------------------------------------- ----------------- --------------------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-17                                           
  Information Element                                  Value/remark      Comment               Condition
  RRCResume ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                     
  criticalExtensions CHOICE {                                                                  
  rrcResume SEQUENCE {                                                                         
  masterCellGroup := SEQUENCE {                        CellGroupConfig   Table 6.4.2.1.3.3-3   
  }                                                                                            
  }                                                                                            
  }                                                                                            
  ---------------------------------------------------- ----------------- --------------------- -----------

Table 6.4.2.1.3.3-3: *CellGroupConfig* (Table 6.4.2.1.3.3-2)

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------- ------------- ---------------
  Derivation Path: 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.3-19 with condition RESUME                                     
  **Information Element**                                                 **Value/remark**    **Comment**   **Condition**
  CellGroupConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                            
  spCellConfigDedicated                                                   ServingCellConfig                 
  }                                                                                                         
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------- ------------- ---------------

Table 6.4.2.1.3.3-4: *ServingCellConfig* (Table 6.4.2.1.3.3-3:
*CellGroupConfig*)

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.3-167 with condition RESUME                                     
  Information Element                                                         Value/remark            Comment   Condition
  ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                              
  initialDownlinkBWP                                                          BWP-DownlinkDedicated             
  }                                                                                                             
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.4.2.1.3.3-5: *BWP-DownlinkDedicated* (Table 6.4.2.1.3.3-4:
*ServingCellConfig*)

  ---------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------ -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.3-11                                                                                                      
  Information Element                                  Value/remark                                                              Comment                  Condition
  BWP-DownlinkDedicated ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                    
  pdcch-Config                                         Not present                                                                                        
  pdsch-Config CHOICE {                                                                                                                                   
  setup                                                PDSCH-Config                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  radioLinkMonitoringConfig CHOICE {                                                                                                                      
  setup                                                RadioLinkMonitoringConfig specified in TS 38.508-1\[4\] Table 4.6.3-133   SSB index of NR Cell 2   
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  ---------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------ -----------

Table 6.4.2.1.3.3-6: *PDSCH-Config* (Table 6.4.2.1.3.3-5:
*BWP-DownlinkDedicated*)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.3-100                                                                     
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ --------------- ------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                                            Value/remark    Comment                  Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                             
  dmrs-DownlinkForPDSCH-MappingTypeA                                             Not present                              
  tci-StatesToAddModList SEQUENCE(SIZE (1.. maxNrofTCI-States)) OF TCI-State {   1 entry                                  
  TCI-State\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                      entry 1                  
  tci-StateId                                                                    0                                        
  qcl-type1 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                    
  referenceSignal CHOICE {                                                                                                
  ssb                                                                            SSB index \#n   SSB index of NR Cell 2   
  }                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                       
  prb-BundlingType                                                               Not present                              
  }                                                                                                                       

#### 6.4.2.2 Inter-frequency cell reselection according to cell reselection priority provided by SIBs in RRC\_INACTIVE state

##### 6.4.2.2.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-83 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-150 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_INACTIVE state }

**ensure** **that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell re-selection criteria are met for the
cell which belongs to the equal priority frequency }

**then** { UE reselects to the cell which belongs to the equal priority
frequency and remains in RRC\_INACTIVE state }

}

##### (2) {#section-151 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_INACTIVE state }

**ensure** **that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell re-selection criteria are met for the
cell which belongs to the higher priority frequency }

**then** { UE reselects to the cell which belongs to the higher priority
frequency and remains in RRC\_INACTIVE state }

}

##### (3) {#section-152 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_INACTIVE state }

**ensure** **that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell re-selection criteria are met for the
cell which belongs to the lower priority frequency }

**then** { UE reselects to the cell which belongs to the lower priority
frequency and remains in RRC\_INACTIVE state }

}

##### 6.4.2.2.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-83 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in TS 38.304: clause 4.1, 5.2.4.1, 5.2.4.2 and 5.2.4.5. Unless
otherwise stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 4.1\]

The RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE state tasks can be subdivided into
three processes:

\- PLMN selection;

\- Cell selection and reselection;

\- Location registration and RNA update.

PLMN selection, cell reselection procedures, and location registration
are common for both RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE state. RNA update
is only applicable for RRC\_INACTIVE state. When UE selects a new PLMN,
UE transitions from RRC\_INACTIVE to RRC\_IDLE, as specified in TS
24.501 \[14\].

...

If the UE finds a more suitable cell, according to the cell reselection
criteria, it reselects onto that cell and camps on it. If the new cell
does not belong to at least one tracking area to which the UE is
registered, location registration is performed. In RRC\_INACTIVE state,
if the new cell does not belong to the configured RNA, an RNA update
procedure is performed.

If necessary, the UE shall search for higher priority PLMNs at regular
time intervals as described in TS 23.122 \[9\] and search for a suitable
cell if another PLMN has been selected by NAS.

If the UE loses coverage of the registered PLMN, either a new PLMN is
selected automatically (automatic mode), or an indication of available
PLMNs is given to the user so that a manual selection can be performed
(manual mode).

Registration is not performed by UEs only capable of services that need
no registration.

The purpose of camping on a cell in RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE
state is fourfold:

a\) It enables the UE to receive system information from the PLMN.

b\) When registered and if the UE wishes to establish an RRC connection
or resume a suspended RRC connection, it can do this by initially
accessing the network on the control channel of the cell on which it is
camped.

c\) If the network needs to send a message or deliver data to the
registered UE, it knows (in most cases) the set of tracking areas (in
RRC\_IDLE state) or RNA (in RRC\_INACTIVE state) in which the UE is
camped. It can then send a \"paging\" message for the UE on the control
channels of all the cells in the corresponding set of areas. The UE will
then receive the paging message and can respond.

d\) It enables the UE to receive ETWS and CMAS notifications.

When the UE is in RRC\_IDLE state, upper layers may deactivate AS layer
when MICO mode is activated as specified in TS 24.501 \[14\]. When MICO
mode is activated, the AS configuration (e.g. priorities provided by
dedicated signalling) is kept and all running timers continue to run but
the UE need not perform any idle mode tasks. If a timer expires while
MICO mode is activated it is up to the UE implementation whether it
performs the corresponding action immediately or the latest when MICO
mode is deactivated. When MICO mode is deactivated, the UE shall perform
all idle mode tasks.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.1\]

Absolute priorities of different NR frequencies or inter-RAT frequencies
may be provided to the UE in the system information, in the *RRCRelease*
message, or by inheriting from another RAT at inter-RAT cell
(re)selection. In the case of system information, an NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency may be listed without providing a priority (i.e. the
field *cellReselectionPriority* is absent for that frequency). If
priorities are provided in dedicated signalling, the UE shall ignore all
the priorities provided in system information. If UE is in *camped on
any cell* state, UE shall only apply the priorities provided by system
information from current cell, and the UE preserves priorities provided
by dedicated signalling and *deprioritisationReq* received in
*RRCRelease* unless specified otherwise. When the UE in camped normally
state, has only dedicated priorities other than for the current
frequency, the UE shall consider the current frequency to be the lowest
priority frequency (i.e. lower than any of the network configured
values).

The UE shall only perform cell reselection evaluation for NR frequencies
and inter-RAT frequencies that are given in system information and for
which the UE has a priority provided.

In case UE receives *RRCRelease* with *deprioritisationReq*, UE shall
consider current frequency and stored frequencies due to the previously
received *RRCRelease* with *deprioritisationReq* or all the frequencies
of NR to be the lowest priority frequency (i.e. lower than any of the
network configured values) while T325 is running irrespective of camped
RAT. The UE shall delete the stored deprioritisation request(s) when a
PLMN selection is performed on request by NAS (3GPP TS 23.122 \[9\]).

NOTE: UE should search for a higher priority layer for cell reselection
as soon as possible after the change of priority. The minimum related
performance requirements specified in TS 38.133 \[8\] are still
applicable.

The UE shall delete priorities provided by dedicated signalling when:

\- the UE enters a different RRC state; or

\- the optional validity time of dedicated priorities (T320) expires; or

\- a PLMN selection is performed on request by NAS (3GPP TS 23.122
\[9\]).

NOTE 2: Equal priorities between RATs are not supported.

The UE shall not consider any exclude-listed cells as candidate for cell
reselection.

The UE shall inherit the priorities provided by dedicated signalling and
the remaining validity time (i.e. T320 in NR and E-UTRA), if configured,
at inter-RAT cell (re)selection.

NOTE 3: The network may assign dedicated cell reselection priorities for
frequencies not configured by system information.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.2\]

When evaluating Srxlev and Squal of non-serving cells for reselection
purposes, the UE shall use parameters provided by the serving cell.

Following rules are used by the UE to limit needed measurements:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~IntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~IntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform intra-frequency
measurements.

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform intra-frequency measurements.

\- The UE shall apply the following rules for NR inter-frequencies and
inter-RAT frequencies which are indicated in system information and for
which the UE has priority provided as defined in 5.2.4.1:

\- For a NR inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequency with a reselection
priority higher than the reselection priority of the current NR
frequency, the UE shall perform measurements of higher priority NR
inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequencies according to TS 38.133 \[8\].

\- For a NR inter-frequency with an equal or lower reselection priority
than the reselection priority of the current NR frequency and for
inter-RAT frequency with lower reselection priority than the reselection
priority of the current NR frequency:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform measurements of NR
inter-frequencies or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower
priority;

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform measurements of NR inter-frequencies
or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower priority according to TS
38.133 \[8\].

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.5\]

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is broadcast in system information and more
than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving
cell, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority NR or EUTRAN RAT/frequency fulfils Squal
\> Thresh~X,\ HighQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority NR frequency
or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \>
Thresh~X,\ HighP~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

\- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

Cell reselection to a cell on an equal priority NR frequency shall be
based on ranking for intra-frequency cell reselection as defined in
sub-clause 5.2.4.6.

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is broadcast in system information and more
than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving
cell, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Squal \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~ and a cell
of a lower priority NR or E-UTRAN RAT/ frequency fulfils Squal \>
Thresh~X,\ LowQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~.

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority NR frequency
or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Srxlev \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowP~ and a cell
of a lower priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \> Thresh~X,\ LowP~
during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

> \- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
> serving cell.

Cell reselection to a higher priority RAT/frequency shall take
precedence over a lower priority RAT/frequency if multiple cells of
different priorities fulfil the cell reselection criteria.

If more than one cell meets the above criteria, the UE shall reselect a
cell as follows:

\- If the highest-priority frequency is an NR frequency, a cell ranked
as the best cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies)
meeting the criteria according to section 5.2.4.6;

\- If the highest-priority frequency is from another RAT, a cell ranked
as the best cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies)
meeting the criteria of that RAT.

##### 6.4.2.2.3 Test description {#test-description-81 .H6}

##### 6.4.2.2.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-82 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-61 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 3 and NR Cell 6.

\- System information combination NR-4 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
Table 4.4.3.1.2-1 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-74 .H6}

\- None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-78 .H6}

\- The UE is in state 2N-A on NR Cell 1(serving cell) according to TS
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-2.

##### 6.4.2.2.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-79 .H6}

Table 6.4.2.2.3.2-1/2 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the NR cells at various time
instants of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values
shall be applied are described in the texts in this clause. The
configuration \"T0\" indicates the initial conditions. Subsequent
configurations marked \"T1\", \"T2\" and \"T3\" are applied at the
points indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table
6.4.2.2.3.2-3.

Table 6.4.2.2.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|         | rameter |         | 1       | 3       | 6       |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | Off     | Off     | The     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ensure  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | the UE  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | reg     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | istered |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | on NR   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | -78     | Off     | The     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | R~NR\ C |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \<      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | R       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ~NR\ Ce |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 3~. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | Off     | -78     | -78     | The     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Srxle   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | v~NR\ C |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \< 0    |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | and     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Srxle   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | v~NR\ C |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 6~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \>      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Thresh~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | NR\ Cel |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | l\ 6,\  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | highP~. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T3      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | Off     | -78     | -98     | The     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Srxle   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | v~NR\ C |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 6~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \<      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | T       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | hresh~s |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | erving, |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \ lowP~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | and     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Srxle   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | v~NR\ C |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 3~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \>      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Thresh  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ~NR\ Ce |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 3,\ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |  lowP~, |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Srxlev~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | NR\ Cel |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | l\ 1~\< |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | 0.      |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Note 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| level   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| "Off"   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| defined |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 3       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 8.508-1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[4\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 6.2     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .2.1-3. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.4.2.2.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|         | rameter |         | 1       | 3       | 6       |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | Off     | Off     | The     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ensure  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | the UE  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | reg     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | istered |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | on NR   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | -82     | -82     | The     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | R~NR\ C |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \<      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | R       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ~NR\ Ce |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 3~. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | Off     | -82     | -82     | The     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Srxle   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | v~NR\ C |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \< 0    |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | and     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Srxle   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | v~NR\ C |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 6~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \>      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Thresh~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | NR\ Cel |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | l\ 6,\  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | highP~. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T3      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | Off     | -82     | -100    | The     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Srxle   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | v~NR\ C |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 6~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \<      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | T       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | hresh~s |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | erving, |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \ lowP~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | and     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Srxle   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | v~NR\ C |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 3~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \>      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Thresh  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ~NR\ Ce |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 3,\ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |  lowP~, |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Srxlev~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | NR\ Cel |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | l\ 1~\< |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | 0.      |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Note 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| d       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ownlink |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| signal  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| level   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| unce    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rtainty |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sp      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ecified |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 3       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 8.508-1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[4\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| section |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 6       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .2.2.2. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.4.2.2.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  St   Procedure                                                                                                 Message Sequence   TP                           Verdict   
  ---- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ---------------------------- --------- ----
                                                                                                                 U - S              Message                                
  1    The SS changes NR Cell 3 SSS level according to the row \"T1\" in table 6.4.2.2.3.2-1/2.                  \-                 \-                           \-        \-
  2    Void                                                                                                      \-                 \-                           \-        \-
  3    Check: Does the UE transmit an *RRCResumeRequest* message on the cell 3?                                  \--\>              NR RRC: *RRCResumeRequest*   1         P
  4    The SS transmits an *RRCRelease* message including *suspendConfig* with NR\_RRC\_INACTIVE condition.      \<\--              NR RRC: *RRCRelease*         \-        \-
  5    The SS changes NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 6 SSS levels according to the row \"T2\" in table 6.4.2.2.3.2-1/2.   \-                 \-                           \-        \-
  6    Void                                                                                                      \-                 \-                           \-        \-
  7    Check: Does the UE transmit an *RRCResumeRequest* message on the cell 6?                                  \--\>              NR RRC: *RRCResumeRequest*   2         P
  8    The SS transmits an *RRCRelease* message including suspendConfig with NR\_RRC\_INACTIVE condition.        \<\--              NR RRC: *RRCRelease*         \-        \-
  9    The SS changes NR Cell 6 SSS level according to the row \"T3\" in table 6.4.2.2.3.2-1/2.                  \-                 \-                           \-        \-
  10   Void                                                                                                      \-                 \-                           \-        \-
  11   Check: Does the UE transmit an *RRCResumeRequest* message on the cell 3?                                  \--\>              NR RRC: *RRCResumeRequest*   3         P
  12   The SS transmits an *RRCRelease* message including suspendConfig with NR\_RRC\_INACTIVE condition.        \<\--              NR RRC: *RRCRelease*         \-        \-

##### 6.4.2.2.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-74 .H6}

Table 6.4.2.2.3.3-1: Conditions for specific message contents in Tables
below

  Condition   Explanation
  ----------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
  NR Cell 1   This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 1.
  NR Cell 3   This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 3.
  NR Cell 6   This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 6.

Table 6.4.2.2.3.3-2: *SIB2 of NR Cell 6 (*preamble and all steps, Table
6.4.2.2.3.2-3*)*

  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                            
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB2 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {                                    
  threshServingLowP                                   10             20 dB     FR1
                                                      5              10 dB     FR2
  cellReselectionPriority                             5                        
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.4.2.2.3.3-3: *SIB4 of NR Cell 1, NR Cell 3 and NR Cell 6
(*preamble and all steps, Table 6.4.2.2.3.2-3*)*

  -------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------- --------- -------------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                                                                          
  Information Element                                                  Value/remark                                Comment   Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                        
  interFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE SIZE (1..maxFreq) OF SEQUECNCE {   2 entries                                             NR Cell 1
                                                                       1 entry                                               NR Cell 3 and NR Cell 6
  dl-CarrierFreq\[1\]                                                  Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 6             NR Cell 1
                                                                       Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 6             NR Cell 3
                                                                       Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 3             NR Cell 6
  threshX-HighP\[1\]                                                   10                                          20 dB     NR Cell 3
  cellReselectionPriority\[1\]                                         5                                                     NR Cell 1
                                                                       5                                                     NR Cell 3
                                                                       4                                                     NR Cell 6
  dl-CarrierFreq\[2\]                                                  Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 3             NR Cell 1
  cellReselectionPriority\[2\]                                         4                                                     NR Cell 1
  }                                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                                          
  -------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------- --------- -------------------------

Table 6.4.2.1.3.3-5: RRCResumeRequest (Step 3, 7 and 11, Table
6.4.2.2.3.2-3)

  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-19                            
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  RRCResumeRequest ::= SEQUENCE {                                               
  rrcResumeRequest SEQUENCE {                                                   
  resumeCause                                          rna-Update               
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

#### 6.4.2.3 Slice-based cell reselection in RRC\_INACTIVE state / Reselection priorities provided by SIB16

##### 6.4.2.3.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-84 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-153 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting slice-based cell reselection and in NR
RRC\_INACTIVE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell reselection criteria is met for two cells
on different frequencies supporting different NAS-provided NSAG
priorities }

**then** { UE reselects to the cell on the frequency which supports
higher priority NSAG and remains in RRC\_INACTIVE state }

}

##### (2) {#section-154 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting slice-based cell reselection and in NR
RRC\_INACTIVE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell reselection criteria is met for two cells
on different frequencies supporting same NAS-provided NSAG priority }

**then** { UE reselects to the cell on the frequency which supports the
NSAG having higher nsag-CellReselectionPriority and remains in
RRC\_INACTIVE state }

}

##### 6.4.2.3.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-84 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present test
case are specified in: TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.11. Unless otherwise
stated these are Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.11\]

The UE derives reselection priorities for slice-based cell reselection
by using:

\- NSAGs and their priorities provided by NAS,

\- *sliceInfoList* and or *sliceInfoListDedicated* per frequency with
*nsag-CellReselectionPriority* per NSAG, if provided in system
information and/or dedicated signalling,

\- *cellReselectionPriority* per frequency provided in system
information and/or dedicated signalling.

The UE considers an NR frequency to support all slices of an NSAG if

\- the nsag-ID and TA of the NSAG as provided by NAS are indicated for
the NR frequency (see TS 38.331).

The UE considers a cell on an NR frequency to support all slices of an
NSAG if

*-* the nsag-ID and TA of the NSAG as provided by NAS are indicated for
the NR frequency (see TS 38.331); and

\- the cell is either listed in the *sliceAllowedCellListNR* (if
provided in the used slice-based cell reselection information) or the
cell is not listed in the *sliceExcludedCellListNR* (if provided in the
used slice-based cell reselection information); or

\- Neither *sliceAllowedCellListNR* nor *sliceExcludedCellListNR* is
configured in the used slice-based cell reselection information

The UE shall derive reselection priorities for slice-based cell
reselection according to the following rules:

\- Frequencies that support at least one prioritized NSAG received from
NAS have higher reselection priority than frequencies that support none
of the NSAG(s) received from NAS.

\- Frequencies that support at least one NSAG provided by NAS are
prioritised in the order of the NAS-provided priority for the NSAG with
highest priority supported on the frequency.

\- Among the frequencies (one or multiple) that support the highest
prioritised NSAG(s) with the same NAS-provided priorities, the
frequencies are prioritized in the order of their highest
*nsag-CellReselectionPriority* given for these NSAG(s). If no
nsag-CellReselectionPriority is given for a NSAG at a frequency, the
lowest priority value is used (i.e, lower than any of the network
configured values for these frequencies).

\- Frequencies that support none of the NSAG(s) provided by NAS are
prioritized in the order of their *cellReselectionPriority*;

For a UE performing slice-based cell reselection, if the highest ranked
cell or best cell in a frequency fulfils the inter- frequency cell
reselection criteria (see clause 5.2.4.5) based on reselection priority
for the frequency and NSAG derived according to this clause or fulfils
intra-frequency and equal priority inter-frequency cell reselection
criteria (see clause 5.2.4.6), but this cell does not support the NSAG
according to this clause,

\- if this cell supports any other NSAG(s) according to this clause, the
UE shall re-derive a reselection priority for the frequency by
considering the NSAG(s) supported by this cell (rather than those of the
corresponding NR frequency)

\- Otherwise, the UE shall re-derive a reselection priority for the
frequency as if none of the NSAG(s) provided by NAS is supported.

This re-derived reselection priority is used for a maximum of 300
seconds, or until new information of NSAG(s) and their priorities are
received from NAS. UE shall ensure the cell reselection criteria above
are fulfilled based on the newly derived priorities.

##### 6.4.2.3.3 Test description {#test-description-82 .H6}

##### 6.4.2.3.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-83 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-62 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 3 and NR Cell 6.

\- System information combination NR-30 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-75 .H6}

> \- None

##### Preamble: {#preamble-79 .H6}

> \- The UE is in state Switched OFF (state 0N-B) according to TS
> 38.508-1 \[4\].

##### 6.4.2.3.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-80 .H6}

Table 6.4.2.3.3.2-1 for FR1 and Table 6.4.2.3.3.2-2 for FR2 illustrate
the downlink power levels and other changing parameters to be applied
for the cells at various time instants of the test execution. The exact
instants on which these values shall be applied are described in the
texts in this clause. The configuration \"T0\" indicates the initial
conditions. Subsequent configurations marked \"T1\" and \"T2\" are
applied at the points indicated in the Main behaviour description in
Table 6.4.2.3.3.2-3.

Table 6.4.2.3.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|         | rameter |         | 1       | 3       | 6       |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | Off     | Off     | The     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ensure  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | the UE  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | reg     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | istered |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | on NR   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | -78     | Off     | The     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | R~NR\ C |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \<      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | R       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ~NR\ Ce |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 3~. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2      | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | Off     | -88     | -78     | The     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | R~NR\ C |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 3~ |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \<      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | R       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ~NR\ Ce |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 6~. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Note:   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| level   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| "Off"   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| defined |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| TS3     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 8.508-1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[4\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 6.2     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .2.1-3. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.4.2.3.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|    | rameter |         | 1       | 3       | 6       |         |
+====+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | Off     | Off     | The     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ensure  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | the UE  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | reg     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | istered |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | on NR   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1. |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | -82     | Off     | The     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | R~NR\ C |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \<      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | R       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ~NR\ Ce |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 3~. |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | Off     | -91     | -82     | The     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | R~NR\ C |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 3~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \<      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | R       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ~NR\ Ce |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 6~. |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.4.2.3.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  St      Procedure                                                                                                                Message Sequence   TP                            Verdict   
  ------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------------ ----------------------------- --------- ----
                                                                                                                                   U - S              Message                                 
  1       The UE is switched on.                                                                                                   \-                 \-                            \-        \-
  2-13    Steps 19C to 19N of the generic procedure for NR RRC\_INACTIVE specified in TS 38.508-1 subclause 4.5.3 are performed.   \-                 \-                            \-        \-
  14      The SS transmits a REGISTRATION ACCEPT message                                                                           \<\--              REGISTRATION ACCEPT           \-        \-
  15-20   Steps 19P to 20 of the generic procedure for NR RRC\_INACTIVE specified in TS 38.508-1 subclause 4.5.3 are performed.    \-                 \-                            \-        \-
  21      The SS changes NR Cell 3 and NR Cell 6 SSS levels according to the row \"T1\" in table 6.4.2.3.3.2-1/2.                  \-                 \-                            \-        \-
  22      Void                                                                                                                     \-                 \-                            \-        \-
  23      Check: Does the UE transmit an *RRCResumeRequest* message on NR Cell 3?                                                  \--\>              NR RRC: *RRCResumeRequest*    1         P
  23A     The SS transmits an *RRCResume* message.                                                                                 \<\--              NR RRC: *RRCResume*           \-        \-
  23B     The UE transmit an *RRCResumeComplete* message.                                                                          \--\>              NR RRC: *RRCResumeComplete*   \-        \-
  24      The SS transmits an *RRCRelease* message including *suspendConfig* with NR\_RRC\_INACTIVE condition.                     \<\--              NR RRC: *RRCRelease*          \-        \-
  25      The SS changes NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 6 SSS levels according to the row \"T2\" in table 6.4.2.3.3.2-1/2.                  \-                 \-                            \-        \-
  26      Void                                                                                                                     \-                 \-                            \-        \-
  27      Check: Does the UE transmit an *RRCResumeRequest* message on NR Cell 6?                                                  \--\>              NR RRC: *RRCResumeRequest*    2         P
  27A     The SS transmits an *RRCResume* message.                                                                                 \<\--              NR RRC: *RRCResume*           \-        \-
  27B     The UE transmit an *RRCResumeComplete* message.                                                                          \--\>              NR RRC: *RRCResumeComplete*   \-        \-
  28      The SS transmits an *RRCRelease* message including suspendConfig with NR\_RRC\_INACTIVE condition.                       \<\--              NR RRC: *RRCRelease*                    

##### 6.4.2.3.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-75 .H6}

Table 6.4.2.3.3.3.3-1: REGISTRATION ACCEPT (step 14, Table
6.4.2.3.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 Table 4.7.1-7                                
  -------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------- -----------
  Information Element                          Value/remark   Comment       Condition
  NSAG information                                                          
  NSAG information IEI                                                      
  Length of NSAG information contents          2 entities                   
  NSAG 1                                                                    
  Length of NSAG                               1 entity                     
  NSAG identifier                              '00000001'B                  
  S-NSSAI list of NSAG                                                      
  Length of S-NSSAI list of NSAG                                            
  S-NSSAI value 1                                                           
  S-NSSAI IEI                                                               
  Length of S-NSSAI contents                   '00000001'B    SST           
  SST                                          '00000001'B    SST value 1   
  SD                                           Not Present                  
  Mapped HPLMN SST                             Not Present                  
  Mapped HPLMN SD                              Not Present                  
  S-NSSAI value 2                                                           
  S-NSSAI IEI                                                               
  Length of S-NSSAI contents                   '00000001'B    SST           
  SST                                          '00000010'B    SST value 2   
  SD                                           Not Present                  
  Mapped HPLMN SST                             Not Present                  
  Mapped HPLMN SD                              Not Present                  
  NSAG priority                                '00000011'B                  
  TAI list                                     Not checked                  
  NSAG 2                                                                    
  Length of NSAG                               1 entity                     
  NSAG identifier                              '00000010'B                  
  S-NSSAI list of NSAG                                                      
  Length of S-NSSAI list of NSAG                                            
  S-NSSAI value 1                                                           
  S-NSSAI IEI                                                               
  Length of S-NSSAI contents                   '00000001'B    SST           
  SST                                          '00000011'B    SST value 3   
  SD                                           Not Present                  
  Mapped HPLMN SST                             Not Present                  
  Mapped HPLMN SD                              Not Present                  
  S-NSSAI value 2                                                           
  S-NSSAI IEI                                                               
  Length of S-NSSAI contents                   '00000001'B    SST           
  SST                                          '00000100'B    SST value 4   
  SD                                           Not Present                  
  Mapped HPLMN SST                             Not Present                  
  Mapped HPLMN SD                              Not Present                  
  NSAG priority                                '00000010'B                  
  TAI list                                     Not checked                  

Table 6.4.2.3.3.3.3-2: *SIB16* for NR Cell 1 (preamble and all steps,
Table 6.4.2.3.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-18                                                                                                          
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ----------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                          Value/remark   Comment                                         Condition
  SIB16-r17 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                    
  freqPriorityListSlicing-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreqPlus1)) OF FreqPrioritySlicing-r17 {   2 entities                                                     
  FreqPrioritySlicing-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                          entry 1                                         
  dl-ImplicitCarrierFreq-r17                                                                   0              Downlink carrier frequency used for NR cell 1   
  sliceInfoList-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSliceInfo-r17)) OF SliceInfo-r17 {                   1 entry                                                        
  SliceInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                    entry 1                                         
  nsag-IdentityInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                            
  nsag-ID-r17                                                                                  '00000001'B                                                    
  trackingAreaCode-r17                                                                         Not present                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  nsag-CellReselectionPriority-r17                                                             5                                                              
  nsag-CellReselectionSubPriority-r17                                                          Not present                                                    
  sliceCellListNR-r17                                                                          Not present                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  FreqPrioritySlicing-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                          entry 2                                         
  dl-ImplicitCarrierFreq-r17                                                                   1              Downlink carrier frequency used for NR cell 3   
  sliceInfoList-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSliceInfo-r17)) OF SliceInfo-r17 {                   1 entry                                                        
  SliceInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                    entry 1                                         
  nsag-IdentityInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                            
  nsag-ID-r17                                                                                  '00000010'B                                                    
  trackingAreaCode-r17                                                                         Not present                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  nsag-CellReselectionPriority-r17                                                             4                                                              
  nsag-CellReselectionSubPriority-r17                                                          Not present                                                    
  sliceCellListNR-r17                                                                          Not present                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           

Table 6.4.2.3.3.3.3-3: *SIB16* for NR Cell 3 (preamble and all steps,
Table 6.4.2.3.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-18                                                                                                          
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ----------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                          Value/remark   Comment                                         Condition
  SIB16-r17 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                    
  freqPriorityListSlicing-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreqPlus1)) OF FreqPrioritySlicing-r17 {   2 entities                                                     
  FreqPrioritySlicing-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                          entry 1                                         
  dl-ImplicitCarrierFreq-r17                                                                   0              Downlink carrier frequency used for NR cell 3   
  sliceInfoList-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSliceInfo-r17)) OF SliceInfo-r17 {                   1 entry                                                        
  SliceInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                    entry 1                                         
  nsag-IdentityInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                            
  nsag-ID-r17                                                                                  '00000010'B                                                    
  trackingAreaCode-r17                                                                         Not present                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  nsag-CellReselectionPriority-r17                                                             4                                                              
  nsag-CellReselectionSubPriority-r17                                                          Not present                                                    
  sliceCellListNR-r17                                                                          Not present                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  FreqPrioritySlicing-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                          entry 2                                         
  dl-ImplicitCarrierFreq-r17                                                                   2              Downlink carrier frequency used for NR cell 6   
  sliceInfoList-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSliceInfo-r17)) OF SliceInfo-r17 {                   1 entry                                                        
  SliceInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                    entry 1                                         
  nsag-IdentityInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                            
  nsag-ID-r17                                                                                  '00000010'B                                                    
  trackingAreaCode-r17                                                                         Not present                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  nsag-CellReselectionPriority-r17                                                             6                                                              
  nsag-CellReselectionSubPriority-r17                                                          Not present                                                    
  sliceCellListNR-r17                                                                          Not present                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           

Table 6.4.2.3.3.3.3-4: *SIB16* for NR Cell 6 (preamble and all steps,
Table 6.4.2.3.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-18                                                                                                          
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ----------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                          Value/remark   Comment                                         Condition
  SIB16-r17 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                    
  freqPriorityListSlicing-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreqPlus1)) OF FreqPrioritySlicing-r17 {   1 entity                                                       
  FreqPrioritySlicing-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                          entry 1                                         
  dl-ImplicitCarrierFreq-r17                                                                   0              Downlink carrier frequency used for NR cell 6   
  sliceInfoList-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxSliceInfo-r17)) OF SliceInfo-r17 {                   1 entry                                                        
  SliceInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                    entry 1                                         
  nsag-IdentityInfo-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                            
  nsag-ID-r17                                                                                  '00000010'B                                                    
  trackingAreaCode-r17                                                                         Not present                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  nsag-CellReselectionPriority-r17                                                             6                                                              
  nsag-CellReselectionSubPriority-r17                                                          Not present                                                    
  sliceCellListNR-r17                                                                          Not present                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           

#### 6.4.2.4 Void

#### 6.4.2.5 Void

### 6.4.3 Inter-RAT Cell Reselection

#### 6.4.3.1 Inter-RAT cell reselection From NR RRC\_INACTIVE to E-UTRA RRC\_IDLE (lower priority & higher priority, Srxlev based)

##### 6.4.3.1.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-85 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-155 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_INACTIVE state }

**ensure** **that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell re-selection criteria are met for the
neighbour cell which belongs to the higher priority E-UTRA frequency }

**then** { UE reselects to the E-UTRA cell and transitions to E-UTRA
RRC\_IDLE State }

}

##### (2) {#section-156 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_INACTIVE state }

**ensure** **that** {

**when** { UE detects the cell re-selection criteria are met for the
neighbour cell which belongs to the lower priority E-UTRA frequency }

**then** { UE reselects to the E-UTRA cell and transitions to E-UTRA
RRC\_IDLE State }

}

##### 6.4.3.1.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-85 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in TS 38.304: clause 4.1, 5.2.4.1, 5.2.4.2 and 5.2.4.5. Unless
otherwise stated these are Rel-15 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 4.1\]

The RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE state tasks can be subdivided into
three processes:

\- PLMN selection;

\- Cell selection and reselection;

\- Location registration and RNA update.

PLMN selection, cell reselection procedures, and location registration
are common for both RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE state. RNA update
is only applicable for RRC\_INACTIVE state. When UE selects a new PLMN,
UE transitions from RRC\_INACTIVE to RRC\_IDLE, as specified in TS
24.501 \[14\].

...

If the UE finds a more suitable cell, according to the cell reselection
criteria, it reselects onto that cell and camps on it. If the new cell
does not belong to at least one tracking area to which the UE is
registered, location registration is performed. In RRC\_INACTIVE state,
if the new cell does not belong to the configured RNA, an RNA update
procedure is performed.

If necessary, the UE shall search for higher priority PLMNs at regular
time intervals as described in TS 23.122 \[9\] and search for a suitable
cell if another PLMN has been selected by NAS.

If the UE loses coverage of the registered PLMN, either a new PLMN is
selected automatically (automatic mode), or an indication of available
PLMNs is given to the user so that a manual selection can be performed
(manual mode).

Registration is not performed by UEs only capable of services that need
no registration.

The purpose of camping on a cell in RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE
state is fourfold:

a\) It enables the UE to receive system information from the PLMN.

b\) When registered and if the UE wishes to establish an RRC connection
or resume a suspended RRC connection, it can do this by initially
accessing the network on the control channel of the cell on which it is
camped.

c\) If the network needs to send a message or deliver data to the
registered UE, it knows (in most cases) the set of tracking areas (in
RRC\_IDLE state) or RNA (in RRC\_INACTIVE state) in which the UE is
camped. It can then send a \"paging\" message for the UE on the control
channels of all the cells in the corresponding set of areas. The UE will
then receive the paging message and can respond.

d\) It enables the UE to receive ETWS and CMAS notifications.

When the UE is in RRC\_IDLE state, upper layers may deactivate AS layer
when MICO mode is activated as specified in TS 24.501 \[14\]. When MICO
mode is activated, the AS configuration (e.g. priorities provided by
dedicated signalling) is kept and all running timers continue to run but
the UE need not perform any idle mode tasks. If a timer expires while
MICO mode is activated it is up to the UE implementation whether it
performs the corresponding action immediately or the latest when MICO
mode is deactivated. When MICO mode is deactivated, the UE shall perform
all idle mode tasks.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.1\]

Absolute priorities of different NR frequencies or inter-RAT frequencies
may be provided to the UE in the system information, in the *RRCRelease*
message, or by inheriting from another RAT at inter-RAT cell
(re)selection. In the case of system information, an NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency may be listed without providing a priority (i.e. the
field *cellReselectionPriority* is absent for that frequency). If
priorities are provided in dedicated signalling, the UE shall ignore all
the priorities provided in system information. If UE is in *camped on
any cell* state, UE shall only apply the priorities provided by system
information from current cell, and the UE preserves priorities provided
by dedicated signalling and *deprioritisationReq* received in
*RRCRelease* unless specified otherwise. When the UE in camped normally
state, has only dedicated priorities other than for the current
frequency, the UE shall consider the current frequency to be the lowest
priority frequency (i.e. lower than any of the network configured
values).

The UE shall only perform cell reselection evaluation for NR frequencies
and inter-RAT frequencies that are given in system information and for
which the UE has a priority provided.

In case UE receives *RRCRelease* with *deprioritisationReq*, UE shall
consider current frequency and stored frequencies due to the previously
received *RRCRelease* with *deprioritisationReq* or all the frequencies
of NR to be the lowest priority frequency (i.e. lower than any of the
network configured values) while T325 is running irrespective of camped
RAT. The UE shall delete the stored deprioritisation request(s) when a
PLMN selection is performed on request by NAS (3GPP TS 23.122 \[9\]).

NOTE: UE should search for a higher priority layer for cell reselection
as soon as possible after the change of priority. The minimum related
performance requirements specified in TS 38.133 \[8\] are still
applicable.

The UE shall delete priorities provided by dedicated signalling when:

\- the UE enters a different RRC state; or

\- the optional validity time of dedicated priorities (T320) expires; or

\- a PLMN selection is performed on request by NAS (3GPP TS 23.122
\[9\]).

NOTE 2: Equal priorities between RATs are not supported.

The UE shall not consider any exclude-listed cells as candidate for cell
reselection.

The UE shall inherit the priorities provided by dedicated signalling and
the remaining validity time (i.e. T320 in NR and E-UTRA), if configured,
at inter-RAT cell (re)selection.

NOTE 3: The network may assign dedicated cell reselection priorities for
frequencies not configured by system information.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.2\]

When evaluating Srxlev and Squal of non-serving cells for reselection
purposes, the UE shall use parameters provided by the serving cell.

Following rules are used by the UE to limit needed measurements:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~IntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~IntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform intra-frequency
measurements.

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform intra-frequency measurements.

\- The UE shall apply the following rules for NR inter-frequencies and
inter-RAT frequencies which are indicated in system information and for
which the UE has priority provided as defined in 5.2.4.1:

\- For a NR inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequency with a reselection
priority higher than the reselection priority of the current NR
frequency, the UE shall perform measurements of higher priority NR
inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequencies according to TS 38.133 \[8\].

\- For a NR inter-frequency with an equal or lower reselection priority
than the reselection priority of the current NR frequency and for
inter-RAT frequency with lower reselection priority than the reselection
priority of the current NR frequency:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform measurements of NR
inter-frequencies or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower
priority;

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform measurements of NR inter-frequencies
or inter-RAT frequency cells of equal or lower priority according to TS
38.133 \[8\].

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.5\]

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is broadcast in system information and more
than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving
cell, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority NR or EUTRAN RAT/frequency fulfils Squal
\> Thresh~X,\ HighQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority NR frequency
or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \>
Thresh~X,\ HighP~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

\- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

Cell reselection to a cell on an equal priority NR frequency shall be
based on ranking for intra-frequency cell reselection as defined in
sub-clause 5.2.4.6.

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is broadcast in system information and more
than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving
cell, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Squal \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~ and a cell
of a lower priority NR or E-UTRAN RAT/ frequency fulfils Squal \>
Thresh~X,\ LowQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~.

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority NR frequency
or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Srxlev \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowP~ and a cell
of a lower priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \> Thresh~X,\ LowP~
during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

\- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

Cell reselection to a higher priority RAT/frequency shall take
precedence over a lower priority RAT/frequency if multiple cells of
different priorities fulfil the cell reselection criteria.

If more than one cell meets the above criteria, the UE shall reselect a
cell as follows:

\- If the highest-priority frequency is an NR frequency, a cell ranked
as the best cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies)
meeting the criteria according to section 5.2.4.6;

\- If the highest-priority frequency is from another RAT, a cell ranked
as the best cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies)
meeting the criteria of that RAT.

##### 6.4.3.1.3 Test description {#test-description-83 .H6}

##### 6.4.3.1.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-84 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-63 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1.

\- NR Cell 1 is configured to operate in FR1 bands as defined in TS
38.508-1 \[4\] clause 6.2.3.

\- System information combination NR-6 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
Table 4.4.3.1.2-1 is used in NR cell.

\- E-UTRA Cell 1 and E-UTRA Cell 3.

\- System information combination 31 as defined in TS 36.508 \[7\] Table
4.4.3.1.1-1 is used in E-UTRA cell 1 and E-UTRA cell 3.

##### UE: {#ue-76 .H6}

\- None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-80 .H6}

\- With E-UTRA Cell 1 \"Serving cell\" and NR Cell 1 \"Non-suitable
\"Off\" cell\" in accordance with TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 6.2.2.1-3,
the UE is brought to state RRC\_IDLE using generic procedure parameters
Connectivity (E-UTRA/EPC) and Unrestricted nr PDN (*On*) in accordance
with the procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], clause 4.5.2. 4G GUTI
and eKSI are assigned and security context established

\- the UE is switched-off

\- With E-UTRA Cell 1 \"Non-suitable \"Off\" cell\" and NR Cell 1
\"Serving cell\" in accordance with TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 6.2.2.1-3,
the UE is brought to state 2N-A, RRC\_INACTIVE Connectivity (NR), in
accordance with the procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table
4.5.3.2-1. 5G-GUTI and ngKSI are assigned and security context
established.

##### 6.4.3.1.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-81 .H6}

Table 6.4.3.1.3.2-1 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the NR cells at various time
instants of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values
shall be applied are described in the texts in this clause. The
configuration \"T0\" indicates the initial conditions. Subsequent
configurations marked \"T1\" and \"T2\" are applied at the points
indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table 6.4.3.1.3.2-3.

Table 6.4.3.1.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for conducted test environment

+---------+---------+---------+--------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Pa      | Unit    | NR     | E-UTRA  | E-UTRA  | Remark  |
|         | rameter |         |        | Cell 1  | Cell 3  |         |
|         |         |         | Cell 1 |         |         |         |
+=========+=========+=========+========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0      | Cell-s  | dB      | \-     | Off     | Off     | The     |
|         | pecific | m/15kHz |        |         |         | power   |
|         | RS EPRE |         |        |         |         | level   |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | ensure  |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | the UE  |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | reg     |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | istered |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | on NR   |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | Cell 1. |
+---------+---------+---------+--------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88    | \-      | \-      |         |
|         |         |         |        |         |         |         |
|         | SSS     |         |        |         |         |         |
|         | EPRE    |         |        |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+--------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1      | Cell-s  | dB      | \-     | -78     | Off     | The     |
|         | pecific | m/15kHz |        |         |         | power   |
|         | RS EPRE |         |        |         |         | level   |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | satisfy |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | Sr      |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | xlev~E- |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | UTRA\ C |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | \>      |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | Thre    |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | sh~E-UT |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | RA\ Cel |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | l\ 1,\  |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | HighP.~ |
+---------+---------+---------+--------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88    | \-      | \-      |         |
|         |         |         |        |         |         |         |
|         | SSS     |         |        |         |         |         |
|         | EPRE    |         |        |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+--------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2      | Cell-s  | dB      | \-     | Off     | -76     | The     |
|         | pecific | m/15kHz |        |         |         | power   |
|         | RS EPRE |         |        |         |         | level   |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | satisfy |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | Srxle   |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | v~NR\ C |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | \<      |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | Th      |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | resh~se |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | rving,\ |
|         |         |         |        |         |         |  LowP~, |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | Sr      |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | xlev~E- |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | UTRA\ C |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | ell\ 3~ |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | \>      |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | Thr     |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | esh~E-U |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | TRA\ Ce |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | ll\ 3,\ |
|         |         |         |        |         |         |  lowP~, |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | and     |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | Sr      |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | xlev~E- |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | UTRA\ C |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|         |         |         |        |         |         | \< 0.   |
+---------+---------+---------+--------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -98    | \-      | \-      |         |
|         |         |         |        |         |         |         |
|         | SSS     |         |        |         |         |         |
|         | EPRE    |         |        |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+--------+---------+---------+---------+
| Note 1: |         |         |        |         |         |         |
| Power   |         |         |        |         |         |         |
| level   |         |         |        |         |         |         |
| "Off"   |         |         |        |         |         |         |
| of NR   |         |         |        |         |         |         |
| cell is |         |         |        |         |         |         |
| defined |         |         |        |         |         |         |
| in TS   |         |         |        |         |         |         |
| 3       |         |         |        |         |         |         |
| 8.508-1 |         |         |        |         |         |         |
| \[4\]   |         |         |        |         |         |         |
| Table   |         |         |        |         |         |         |
| 6.2     |         |         |        |         |         |         |
| .2.1-3. |         |         |        |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |        |         |         |         |
| Note 2: |         |         |        |         |         |         |
| Power   |         |         |        |         |         |         |
| level   |         |         |        |         |         |         |
| "Off"   |         |         |        |         |         |         |
| of      |         |         |        |         |         |         |
| E-UTRA  |         |         |        |         |         |         |
| cell is |         |         |        |         |         |         |
| defined |         |         |        |         |         |         |
| in TS   |         |         |        |         |         |         |
| 36.508  |         |         |        |         |         |         |
| \[7\]   |         |         |        |         |         |         |
| Table   |         |         |        |         |         |         |
| 6.2     |         |         |        |         |         |         |
| .2.1-3. |         |         |        |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+--------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.4.3.1.3.2-2: Void

Table 6.4.3.1.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+-------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| St    | Procedure   | Message     | TP          | Verdict |    |
|       |             | Sequence    |             |         |    |
+=======+=============+=============+=============+=========+====+
|       |             | U - S       | Message     |         |    |
+-------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 1     | The SS      | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|       | changes     |             |             |         |    |
|       | E-UTRA Cell |             |             |         |    |
|       | 1 SSS level |             |             |         |    |
|       | according   |             |             |         |    |
|       | to the row  |             |             |         |    |
|       | \"T1\" in   |             |             |         |    |
|       | table       |             |             |         |    |
|       | 6.4         |             |             |         |    |
|       | .3.1.3.2-1. |             |             |         |    |
+-------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 2     | Void        | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
+-------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 3     | Check: Does | \-          | \-          | 1       | P  |
|       | the test    |             |             |         |    |
|       | result of   |             |             |         |    |
|       | generic     |             |             |         |    |
|       | test        |             |             |         |    |
|       | procedure   |             |             |         |    |
|       | in TS       |             |             |         |    |
|       | 38.508-1    |             |             |         |    |
|       | \[4\] Table |             |             |         |    |
|       | 4.9.7.2.2-1 |             |             |         |    |
|       | indicate    |             |             |         |    |
|       | that the UE |             |             |         |    |
|       | is camped   |             |             |         |    |
|       | on E-UTRA   |             |             |         |    |
|       | Cell 1?     |             |             |         |    |
+-------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 4     | The SS      | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|       | changes NR  |             |             |         |    |
|       | Cell 1 SSS  |             |             |         |    |
|       | levels      |             |             |         |    |
|       | according   |             |             |         |    |
|       | to the row  |             |             |         |    |
|       | \"T0\" in   |             |             |         |    |
|       | table       |             |             |         |    |
|       | 6.4         |             |             |         |    |
|       | .3.1.3.2-1. |             |             |         |    |
+-------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 5     | Void        | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
+-------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 6     | Steps of    | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|       | the generic |             |             |         |    |
|       | test        |             |             |         |    |
|       | procedure   |             |             |         |    |
|       | in TS       |             |             |         |    |
|       | 38.508-1    |             |             |         |    |
|       | \[4\] Table |             |             |         |    |
|       | 4.9.9.2.2-1 |             |             |         |    |
|       | are         |             |             |         |    |
|       | performed   |             |             |         |    |
|       | on NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|       | 1.          |             |             |         |    |
+-------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 7     | The SS      | \<\--       | NR RRC:     | \-      | \- |
|       | transmits   |             | *           |         |    |
|       | an          |             | RRCRelease* |         |    |
|       | *           |             |             |         |    |
|       | RRCRelease* |             |             |         |    |
|       | message.    |             |             |         |    |
+-------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 7A-7H | Steps 1-8   | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|       | as defined  |             |             |         |    |
|       | in TS       |             |             |         |    |
|       | 38.508-1    |             |             |         |    |
|       | \[4\] Table |             |             |         |    |
|       | 4.5.4.2-3   |             |             |         |    |
+-------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 7I    | The SS      | \<\--       | NR RRC:     | \-      | \- |
|       | transmits   |             | *           |         |    |
|       | an          |             | RRCRelease* |         |    |
|       | *           |             |             |         |    |
|       | RRCRelease* |             |             |         |    |
|       | message     |             |             |         |    |
|       | including   |             |             |         |    |
|       | *sus        |             |             |         |    |
|       | pendConfig* |             |             |         |    |
|       | with        |             |             |         |    |
|       | NR\_RR      |             |             |         |    |
|       | C\_INACTIVE |             |             |         |    |
|       | condition.  |             |             |         |    |
+-------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 8     | The SS      | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|       | changes NR  |             |             |         |    |
|       | Cell 1,     |             |             |         |    |
|       | E-UTRA Cell |             |             |         |    |
|       | 1 and       |             |             |         |    |
|       | E-UTRA Cell |             |             |         |    |
|       | 3 SSS level |             |             |         |    |
|       | according   |             |             |         |    |
|       | to the row  |             |             |         |    |
|       | \"T2\" in   |             |             |         |    |
|       | table       |             |             |         |    |
|       | 6.4         |             |             |         |    |
|       | .3.1.3.2-1. |             |             |         |    |
+-------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 9     | Void        | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
+-------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 10    | Check: Does | \-          | \-          | 2       | P  |
|       | the test    |             |             |         |    |
|       | result of   |             |             |         |    |
|       | generic     |             |             |         |    |
|       | test        |             |             |         |    |
|       | procedure   |             |             |         |    |
|       | in TS       |             |             |         |    |
|       | 38.508-1    |             |             |         |    |
|       | \[4\] Table |             |             |         |    |
|       | 4.9.7.2.2-1 |             |             |         |    |
|       | indicate    |             |             |         |    |
|       | that the UE |             |             |         |    |
|       | is camped   |             |             |         |    |
|       | on E-UTRA   |             |             |         |    |
|       | Cell 3 with |             |             |         |    |
|       | condition   |             |             |         |    |
|       | \           |             |             |         |    |
|       | '*connected |             |             |         |    |
|       | without     |             |             |         |    |
|       | release*\'? |             |             |         |    |
+-------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 11    | At the end  | \-          | \-          | \-      | \- |
|       | of this     |             |             |         |    |
|       | test        |             |             |         |    |
|       | procedure   |             |             |         |    |
|       | sequence,   |             |             |         |    |
|       | the UE is   |             |             |         |    |
|       | in end      |             |             |         |    |
|       | state       |             |             |         |    |
|       | E-UTRA      |             |             |         |    |
|       | connected   |             |             |         |    |
|       |             |             |             |         |    |
|       | (E2\_T3440) |             |             |         |    |
|       | according   |             |             |         |    |
|       | to TS       |             |             |         |    |
|       | 36.508      |             |             |         |    |
|       | \[7\].      |             |             |         |    |
+-------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+

##### 6.4.3.1.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-76 .H6}

Table 6.4.3.1.3.3-1: *SIB2 of NR Cell 1 (*preamble and all steps, Table
6.4.3.1.3.2-3*)*

  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                            
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB2 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {                                    
  threshServingLowP                                   10             20 dB     
  cellReselectionPriority                             5                        
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.4.3.1.3.3-2: *SIB5 of NR Cell 1 (*preamble and all steps, Table
6.4.3.1.3.2-3*)*

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-4                                                                                            
  Information Element                                                                Value/remark                                    Comment   Condition
  SIB5 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                          
  carrierFreqListEUTRA SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxEUTRA-Carrier)) OF CarrierFreqEUTRA {   2 entries                                                 
  CarrierFreqEUTRA\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                   entry 1   
  carrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for E-UTRA Cell 1             
  cellReselectionPriority                                                            6                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                            
  CarrierFreqEUTRA\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                   entry 2   
  carrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for E-UTRA Cell 3             
  cellReselectionPriority                                                            4                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                            
  }                                                                                                                                            
  }                                                                                                                                            
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.4.3.1.3.3-3: *SystemInformationBlockType24* for E-UTRA Cell 1
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.4.3.1.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: 36.508 \[7\] table 4.4.3.3-20                                                                                    
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                         Value/Remark                                Comment   Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType24-r15 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                   
  carrierFreqListNR-r15 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF CarrierFreqNR-r15 {   1 entry                                               
  CarrierFreqNR-r15\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                       entry 1   
  carrierFreq-r15                                                             Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 1             
  cellReselectionPriority-r15                                                 5                                                     
  }                                                                                                                                 
  }                                                                                                                                 
  }                                                                                                                                 

Table 6.4.3.1.3.3-4: TRACKING AREA UPDATE REQUEST (Step 3, Table
6.4.3.1.3.2-3)

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------------------------------------ ------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.9.7.2.3-1                                                                                                          
  Information Element                                                                                  Value/remark   Comment                                    Condition
  EPS update type                                                                                                                                                
  EPS update type Value                                                                                \'010\'B       Combined TA/LA updating with IMSI attach   combined\_TA\_LA
                                                                                                       \'000\'B       TA updating                                TA\_only
  NOTE: The message shall be integrity protected using the 5GS security context available in the UE.                                                             
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------------------------------------ ------------------

Table 6.4.3.1.3.3-5: TRACKING AREA UPDATE REQUEST (Step 10, Table
6.4.3.1.3.2-3)

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ----------------------------------------------- ------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.9.7.2.3-1                                                                                                               
  Information Element                                                                                  Value/remark   Comment                                         Condition
  EPS update type                                                                                                                                                     
  EPS update type Value                                                                                \'001\'B       Combined TA/LA updating                         combined\_TA\_LA
                                                                                                       \'000\'B       TA updating                                     TA\_only
  UE radio capability information update needed                                                        Not Check      UE radio capability information update needed   
  NOTE: The message shall be integrity protected using the 5GS security context available in the UE.                                                                  
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ----------------------------------------------- ------------------

  ------------------ -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Condition          Explanation
  TA\_only           This condition applies if the UE is configured to initiate EPS attach or if explicitly specified.
  combined\_TA\_LA   This condition applies if the UE is configured to initiate combined EPS/IMSI attach or if explicitly specified.
  ------------------ -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table 6.4.3.1.3.3-6: REGISTRATION REQUEST (Step 6, Table 6.4.3.1.3.2-3)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.7.1-6.                                                                      
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- --------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark                           Comment                     Condition
  EPS NAS message container                            TRACKING AREA UPDATE REQUEST message   *See* Table 6.4.3.1.3.3-7   

Table 6.4.3.1.3.3-7: TRACKING AREA UPDATE REQUEST (Table 6.4.3.1.3.3-6)

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.9.9.2.3-2 with condition Mapped EPS security context
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table 6.4.3.1.3.3-8: *SystemInformationBlockType24* for E-UTRA Cell 3
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.4.3.1.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: 36.508 \[7\] table 4.4.3.3-20                                                                                    
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                         Value/Remark                                Comment   Condition
  SystemInformationBlockType24-r15 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                   
  carrierFreqListNR-r15 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF CarrierFreqNR-r15 {   1 entry                                               
  CarrierFreqNR-r15\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                       entry 1   
  carrierFreq-r15                                                             Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 1             
  threshX-High-r15                                                            10                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                 
  }                                                                                                                                 
  }                                                                                                                                 

6.5 SNPN and CAG Selection
--------------------------

### 6.5.1 SNPN Only Selection

#### 6.5.1.1 SNPN Selection in Manual Mode

##### 6.5.1.1.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-86 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-157 .H6}

**with** { UE in Manual network/SNPN selection mode and an SNPN cell is
available for which an entry does not exist in the \"list of subscriber
data\" }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is switched on or return to coverage }

**then** { UE does not indicate to the user any available SNPNs }

}

##### (2) {#section-158 .H6}

**with** { UE in Manual network/SNPN selection mode }

**ensure that** {

**when** { an SNPN cell is available for which an entry exists in the
\"list of subscriber data\" }

**then** { UE indicates to the user that an SNPN is available and user
selects the SNPN }

}

##### (3) {#section-159 .H6}

**with** { UE in Manual network/SNPN selection mode and has registered
on an SNPN selected by the user }

**ensure that** {

**when** { an SNPN cell is available for which an entry exists in the
\"list of subscriber data\" }

**then** { UE does not automatically register on the SNPN cell until the
user selects automatic SNPN selection mode }

}

##### 6.5.1.1.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-86 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 23.122 clauses 4.9.3.1.0 and 4.9.3.1.2. Unless
otherwise stated these are Rel-16 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.9.3.1.0\]

At switch on, or following recovery from lack of coverage, the MS
selects the registered SNPN (if it is available) using NG-RAN access
technology and if necessary (in the case of recovery from lack of
coverage, see subclause 4.5.2) attempts to perform an LR.

NOTE 1: The MS in automatic SNPN selection mode can end the SNPN search
procedure once the registered SNPN is found on NG-RAN access technology.

NOTE 2: An MS in automatic SNPN selection mode can use location
information to determine which SNPNs can be available in its present
location.

If successful registration is achieved, the MS indicates the selected
SNPN.

If there is no registered SNPN, or registration is not possible due to
the SNPN being unavailable or registration failure, the MS follows the
procedure in subclause 4.9.3.1.1 or subclause 4.9.3.1.2 depending on its
SNPN selection mode. At switch on, the MS shall use the SNPN selection
mode that was used before switching off.

NOTE 3: If successful registration is achieved, then the current serving
SNPN becomes the registered SNPN and the MS does not store the previous
registered SNPN for later use.

If registration is not possible on recovery from lack of coverage due to
the registered SNPN being unavailable, an MS may, optionally, continue
looking for the registered SNPN for an implementation dependent time.

NOTE 4: An MS registered to an SNPN should behave as described above
only if one or more PDU sessions are currently active.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.9.3.1.2\]

The MS indicates to the user one or more SNPNs, which are available and
each of them is identified by an SNPN identity in an entry of the \"list
of subscriber data\" in the ME. This includes SNPNs in the list of
\"permanently forbidden SNPNs\", and the list of \"temporarily forbidden
SNPNs\". The MS may indicate to the user whether the available SNPNs are
present in the list of \"temporarily forbidden SNPNs\" or the list of
\"permanently forbidden SNPNs\". The order in which those SNPNs are
indicated is MS implementation specific.

For each of the SNPNs indicated to the user, the UE shall forward a
human-readable network name along with the SNPN identity to the upper
layers if the system information broadcasted for the SNPN includes the
human-readable network name for the SNPN.

The MS shall limit its search for the SNPN to the NG-RAN access
technology.

The user may select his desired SNPN and the MS then initiates
registration on this SNPN using the NG-RAN access technology, the
subscriber identifier and the credentials from an entry of the \"list of
subscriber data\", with the SNPN identity matching the selected SNPN
(this may take place at any time during the presentation of SNPNs).

Once the MS has registered on an SNPN selected by the user, the MS shall
not automatically register on a different SNPN unless the user selects
automatic SNPN selection mode.

NOTE: Emergency services are not supported in SNPN access mode.

If the user does not select an SNPN, the selected SNPN shall be the one
that was selected either automatically or manually before the SNPN
selection procedure started. If no such SNPN was selected or that SNPN
is no longer available, then the MS shall attempt to camp on any
acceptable cell and enter the limited service state.

##### 6.5.1.1.3 Test description {#test-description-84 .H6}

##### 6.5.1.1.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-85 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-64 .H6}

\- 3 SNPN cells: NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2, and NR Cell 4 are configured
broadcasting default SNPN IDs as indicated in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table
4.4.2-4.

\- System information combination NR-12 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-77 .H6}

\- The UE is in Manual SNPN selection mode.

\- The UE is provisioned with a "list of subscriber data" to allow
access to SNPN identified by NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 4.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-81 .H6}

\- Ensure that the UE has cleared the Registered SNPN and the UE is in
state Switched OFF (state 0-A).

##### 6.5.1.1.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-82 .H6}

Table 6.5.1.1.3.2-1/2 shows the cell configurations used during the
test. Subsequent configurations marked "T1", "T2" "T3" "T4"etc are
applied at the points indicated in the Main behaviour description in
Table 6.5.1.1.3.2-3. Cell powers are chosen for a serving cell and a
non-suitable "Off" cell as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.2.2.1-3
for FR1 and Table 6.2.2.2-2 for FR2.

Table 6.5.1.1.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| ** **  | **Para  | *       | **NR    | **NR    | **NR    | **Re    |
|        | meter** | *Unit** | Cell    | Cell    | Cell    | marks** |
|        |         |         | 1**     | 2**     | 4**     |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | "Off"   | "Off"   |         |
|        |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | -88     | "Off"   |         |
|        |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T3** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | -88     | -78     |         |
|        |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T4** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | "Off"   | -78     |         |
|        |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.5.1.1.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| ** **  | **Para  | *       | **NR    | **NR    | **NR    | **Re    |
|        | meter** | *Unit** | Cell    | Cell    | Cell    | marks** |
|        |         |         | 1**     | 2**     | 4**     |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | "Off"   | "Off"   |         |
|        |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | -91     | "Off"   |         |
|        |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T3** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | -91     | -82     |         |
|        |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T4** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | "Off"   | -82     |         |
|        |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.5.1.1.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  **St**                                             **Procedure**                                                                                                  **Message Sequence**   **TP**                      **Verdict**   
  -------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------- --------------------------- ------------- ----
                                                                                                                                                                    **U - S**              **Message**                               
  1                                                  SS adjusts cell levels according to row T1 of table 6.5.1.1.3.2-1/2.                                           \-                     \-                          \-            \-
  2                                                  The UE is Switched ON.                                                                                         \-                     \-                          \-            \-
  3                                                  Manual selection of SNPN identified by NR Cell 1 is performed (NOTE 1).                                        \-                     \-                          \-            \-
  4                                                  Check: Does the UE transmit an *RRCSetupRequest* on NR Cell 1 within the next 60 s?                            \--\>                  *NR RRC: RRCSetupRequest*   1             F
  5                                                  SS adjusts cell levels according to row T2 of table 6.5.1.1.3.2-1/2.                                           \-                     \-                          \-            \-
  6                                                  Manual selection of SNPN identified by NR Cell 2 is performed (NOTE 1).                                        \-                     \-                          \-            \-
  7                                                  Check: Does the UE send a *RRCSetupRequest* on NR Cell 2?                                                      \--\>                  *NR RRC: RRCSetupRequest*   2             P
  8-25a1                                             Steps 3 to 20a1 of Table 4.5.2.2-2 of the generic procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] are performed on NR Cell 2.   \-                     \-                          \-            \-
  26                                                 SS adjusts cell levels according to row T3 of table 6.5.1.1.3.2-1/2.                                           \-                     \-                          \-            \-
  27                                                 Check: Does the UE send a *RRCSetupRequest* on NR Cell 4 within the next 60 s?                                 \--\>                  *NR RRC: RRCSetupRequest*   3             F
  28                                                 SS adjusts cell levels according to row T4 of table 6.5.1.1.3.2-1/2                                            \-                     *-*                         \-            \-
  29                                                 The user sets the UE in Automatic SNPN/Network selection mode (NOTE 1).                                        \-                     \-                          \-            \-
  30                                                 Check: Does the UE send an *RRCSetupRequest* on NR Cell 4?                                                     \--\>                  *NR RRC: RRCSetupRequest*   3             P
  31-48a1                                            Steps 3 to 20a1 of Table 4.5.2.2-2 of the generic procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] are performed on NR Cell 4.   \-                     \-                          \-            \-
  NOTE 1: This is performed via MMI or AT command.                                                                                                                                                                                   

##### 6.5.1.1.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-77 .H6}

Table 6.5.1.1.3.3-1: REGISTRATION REQUEST (steps 9 and 32 Table
6.5.1.1.3.2-3)

  -------------------------------------------------- -------------- ---------------------- -----------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.7.1-6                                         
  Information Element                                Value/remark   Comment                Condition
  5GS registration type value                        '001'B         Initial registration   
  -------------------------------------------------- -------------- ---------------------- -----------

#### 6.5.1.2 SNPN Selection in Automatic Mode

##### 6.5.1.2.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-87 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-160 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic SNPN selection mode and SNPN cell is
available for which an entry does not exist in the \"list of subscriber
data\" }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is switched on or return to coverage }

**then** { UE does not select the SNPN cell and continues searching for
an allowable SNPN Cell }

}

##### (2) {#section-161 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic SNPN selection mode and a Registered SNPN
cell along with another better ranked allowable SNPN cell becomes
available }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is switched on or return to coverage }

**then** { UE selects the Registered SNPN cell and UE attempts a
Registration on the selected cell }

}

##### (3) {#section-162 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic SNPN selection mode and Registration on a
SNPN cell is unsuccessful}

ensure that {

**when** { UE continues searching for an allowable SNPN Cell and a new
allowable SNPN cell becomes available }

**then** { the UE registers on the new SNPN cell }

}

##### 6.5.1.2.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-87 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 23.122 clauses 4.9.3.1.0 and 4.9.3.1.1. Unless
otherwise stated these are Rel-16 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.9.3.1.0\]

At switch on, or following recovery from lack of coverage, the MS
selects the registered SNPN (if it is available) using NG-RAN access
technology and if necessary (in the case of recovery from lack of
coverage, see subclause 4.5.2) attempts to perform an LR.

NOTE 1: The MS in automatic SNPN selection mode can end the SNPN search
procedure once the registered SNPN is found on NG-RAN access technology.

NOTE 2: An MS in automatic SNPN selection mode can use location
information to determine which SNPNs can be available in its present
location.

If successful registration is achieved, the MS indicates the selected
SNPN.

If there is no registered SNPN, or registration is not possible due to
the SNPN being unavailable or registration failure, the MS follows the
procedure in subclause 4.9.3.1.1 or subclause 4.9.3.1.2 depending on its
SNPN selection mode. At switch on, the MS shall use the SNPN selection
mode that was used before switching off.

NOTE 3: If successful registration is achieved, then the current serving
SNPN becomes the registered SNPN and the MS does not store the previous
registered SNPN for later use.

If registration is not possible on recovery from lack of coverage due to
the registered SNPN being unavailable, an MS may, optionally, continue
looking for the registered SNPN for an implementation dependent time.

NOTE 4: An MS registered to an SNPN should behave as described above
only if one or more PDU sessions are currently active.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.9.3.1.0\]

The MS selects another SNPN, if available, allowable, and identified by
an SNPN identity in an entry of the \"list of subscriber data\" in the
ME. If more than one SNPN are available, allowable, and each of them is
identified by an SNPN identity in an entry of the \"list of subscriber
data\" in the ME, how the MS selects one of those SNPNs is MS
implementation specific.

The MS shall limit its search for the SNPN to the NG-RAN access
technology.

Once the MS selects the SNPN, the MS attempts registrations on the
selected SNPN using the NG-RAN access technology, the subscriber
identifier and the credentials from an entry of the \"list of subscriber
data\" with the SNPN identity matching the selected SNPN.

If successful registration is achieved, the MS indicates the selected
SNPN.

If registration cannot be achieved because no SNPNs are available,
allowable, and identified by an SNPN identity in an entry of the \"list
of subscriber data\" in the ME, the MS indicates \"no service\" to the
user, waits until a new SNPN is available, allowable, and identified by
an SNPN identity in an entry of the \"list of subscriber data\" in the
ME and then repeats the procedure.

If there were one or more SNPNs which were available, allowable, and
identified by an SNPN identity in an entry of the \"list of subscriber
data\" in the ME but an LR failure made registration on those SNPNs
unsuccessful, the MS selects one of those SNPNs again and enters a
limited service state.

##### 6.5.1.2.3 Test description {#test-description-85 .H6}

##### 6.5.1.2.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-86 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-65 .H6}

\- 3 SNPN cells NR Cell 1, NR cell 2, NR Cell 3 are configured
broadcasting default SNPN IDs as indicated in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table
4.4.2-4.

\- System information combination NR-12 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-78 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic SNPN selection mode.

\- The UE is provisioned with a "list of subscriber data" to allow
access to SNPN identified by NR cell 1 and NR cell 3.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-82 .H6}

\- Ensure that the UE has cleared the Registered SNPN. And the UE is in
state Switched OFF (state 0-A).

##### 6.5.1.2.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-83 .H6}

Table 6.5.1.2.3.2-1/2 shows the cell configurations used during the
test. Subsequent configurations marked "T1", "T2" and "T3" are applied
at the points indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table
6.5.1.2.3.2-3. Cell powers are chosen for a serving cell and a
non-suitable "Off" cell as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.2.2.1-3
for FR1 and Table 6.2.2.2-2 for FR2.

Table 6.5.1.2.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| ** **  | **Para  | *       | **NR    | **NR    | **NR    | **Re    |
|        | meter** | *Unit** | Cell    | Cell    | Cell    | marks** |
|        |         |         | 1**     | 2**     | 3**     |         |
+========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | "Off"   | -88     | "Off"   | Power   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         | "Off"   |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 6.2     |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | .2.1-3. |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | -88     | "Off"   | Power   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         | "Off"   |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 6.2     |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | .2.1-3. |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T3** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | "Off"   | -78     | Power   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         | "Off"   |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 6.2     |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | .2.1-3. |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.5.1.2.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| ** **  | **Para  | *       | **NR    | **NR    | **NR    | **Re    |
|        | meter** | *Unit** | Cell    | Cell    | Cell    | marks** |
|        |         |         | 1**     | 2**     | 3**     |         |
+========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | "Off"   | -91     | "Off"   | Power   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         | "Off"   |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 6.2     |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | .2.1-3. |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | -91     | "Off"   | Power   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         | "Off"   |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 6.2     |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | .2.1-3. |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T3** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | "Off"   | -82     | Power   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         | "Off"   |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 6.2     |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | .2.1-3. |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.5.1.2.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| **St**    | **Pr      | **Message | **TP**    | **        |    |
|           | ocedure** | S         |           | Verdict** |    |
|           |           | equence** |           |           |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+====+
|           |           | **U - S** | **        |           |    |
|           |           |           | Message** |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 1         | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row T1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.5.1.2   |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 2         | Power on  | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | the UE.   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 3         | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1         | F  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |           |    |
|           | UE        |           | pRequest* |           |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |           |    |
|           | an        |           |           |           |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |           |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 2    |           |           |           |    |
|           | within    |           |           |           |    |
|           | the next  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 60 s?     |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 4         | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row T2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.5.1.2   |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 5         | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |           |    |
|           | UE send a |           | pRequest* |           |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |           |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1?   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 6-23a1    | Steps 3   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |           |    |
|           | of Table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1    |           |           |           |    |
|           | with      |           |           |           |    |
|           | '*        |           |           |           |    |
|           | connected |           |           |           |    |
|           | without   |           |           |           |    |
|           | r         |           |           |           |    |
|           | elease'*. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 24        | The UE is | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | switched  |           |           |           |    |
|           | off by    |           |           |           |    |
|           | executing |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in Table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.9.6.3-1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 25        | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row T3 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.5.1.2   |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 26        | The UE is | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | Switched  |           |           |           |    |
|           | ON.       |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 27        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 2         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |           |    |
|           | UE send a |           | pRequest* |           |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |           |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1?   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 28-34     | Steps 3-9 | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | of Table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | in        |           |           |           |    |
|           | T         |           |           |           |    |
|           | S38.508-1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1.   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 35        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-        | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *DLIn     |           |    |
|           | a         |           | formation |           |    |
|           | REG       |           | Transfer* |           |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |           |    |
|           | REJECT    |           | 5GMM:     |           |    |
|           | with      |           | REG       |           |    |
|           | cause     |           | ISTRATION |           |    |
|           | \#75      |           | REJECT    |           |    |
|           | (Pe       |           |           |           |    |
|           | rmanently |           |           |           |    |
|           | not       |           |           |           |    |
|           | a         |           |           |           |    |
|           | uthorized |           |           |           |    |
|           | for this  |           |           |           |    |
|           | SNPN).    |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 36        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | releases  |           |           |           |    |
|           | the RRC   |           |           |           |    |
|           | c         |           |           |           |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 37        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 3         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |           |    |
|           | UE send a |           | pRequest* |           |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |           |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 3?   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 38-55a1   | Steps 3   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |           |    |
|           | of Table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | inTS      |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 3.   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 56        | The       | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | test      |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.9.6.1-1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of Switch |           |           |           |    |
|           | off       |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in        |           |           |           |    |
|           | RRC\_IDLE |           |           |           |    |
|           | are       |           |           |           |    |
|           | p         |           |           |           |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 57        | The SS    |           |           |           |    |
|           | co        |           |           |           |    |
|           | nfigures: |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
|           | \- NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1 as |           |           |           |    |
|           | the       |           |           |           |    |
|           | \"Serving |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell\"    |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
|           | \- NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 3 as |           |           |           |    |
|           | a         |           |           |           |    |
|           | \"Non     |           |           |           |    |
|           | -Suitable |           |           |           |    |
|           | \"off\"   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell \".  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 58        | The UE is | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | brought   |           |           |           |    |
|           | back to   |           |           |           |    |
|           | operation |           |           |           |    |
|           | or the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | USIM is   |           |           |           |    |
|           | inserted. |           |           |           |    |
|           | The UE is |           |           |           |    |
|           | powered   |           |           |           |    |
|           | on or     |           |           |           |    |
|           | switched  |           |           |           |    |
|           | on.       |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 59        | The UE is | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | made to   |           |           |           |    |
|           | perform   |           |           |           |    |
|           | manual    |           |           |           |    |
|           | SNPN      |           |           |           |    |
|           | search    |           |           |           |    |
|           | and       |           |           |           |    |
|           | select    |           |           |           |    |
|           | SNPN      |           |           |           |    |
|           | i         |           |           |           |    |
|           | dentified |           |           |           |    |
|           | by NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1    |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 1,  |           |           |           |    |
|           | Note 2).  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 60-78a1   | Steps 2   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |           |    |
|           | istration |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | described |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
|           | subclause |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5.2 are |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1.   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 79        | The user  | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | sets the  |           |           |           |    |
|           | UE in     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Automatic |           |           |           |    |
|           | SNP       |           |           |           |    |
|           | N/Network |           |           |           |    |
|           | selection |           |           |           |    |
|           | mode      |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 1). |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| This is   |           |           |           |           |    |
| performed |           |           |           |           |    |
| via MMI   |           |           |           |           |    |
| or AT     |           |           |           |           |    |
| command.  |           |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| Step 59   |           |           |           |           |    |
| is to     |           |           |           |           |    |
| ensure    |           |           |           |           |    |
| that UE   |           |           |           |           |    |
| clears NR |           |           |           |           |    |
| Cell 1    |           |           |           |           |    |
| from the  |           |           |           |           |    |
| \"pe      |           |           |           |           |    |
| rmanently |           |           |           |           |    |
| forbidden |           |           |           |           |    |
| SNPNs\"   |           |           |           |           |    |
| list for  |           |           |           |           |    |
| the next  |           |           |           |           |    |
| test      |           |           |           |           |    |
| case.     |           |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+

##### 6.5.1.2.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-78 .H6}

Table 6.5.1.2.3.3-1: REGISTRATION REJECT for NR Cell 1 (step 35 Table
6.5.1.2.3.2-3)

  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- -------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.7.1-9                                                                     
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment                                            Condition
  5GMM cause                                          '01001011'B    \#75 (Permanently not authorized for this SNPN).   
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- -------------------------------------------------- -----------

Table 6.5.1.2.3.3-2: REGISTRATION REQUEST (step 39, Table 6.5.1.2.3.2-3)

  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- ---------------------- -----------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.7.1-6                                         
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment                Condition
  5GS registration type value                         '001'B         Initial registration   
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- ---------------------- -----------

#### 6.5.1.3 SNPN / User Reselection in Automatic Mode

##### 6.5.1.3.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-88 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-163 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic SNPN selection mode and registered on an SNPN
cell for which an entry exists in the \"list of subscriber data\" and
another SNPN cell is made available for which an entry exists in the
\"list of subscriber data\" }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is requested to initiate reselection and registration onto
an available SNPN }

**then** { UE reselects to the SNPN cell }

}

##### 6.5.1.3.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-88 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 23.122 clauses 4.9.3.2.0 and 4.9.3.2.1. Unless
otherwise stated these are Rel-16 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.9.3.2.0\]

At any time the user may request the MS to initiate reselection and
registration onto an available SNPN, according to the following
procedures, dependent upon the SNPN selection mode of the UE.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.9.3.2.1\]

The MS selects an SNPN, if available, allowable, and identified by an
SNPN identity in an entry of the \"list of subscriber data\" in the ME
in accordance with the following order:

i\) an SNPN, which is available and identified by an SNPN identity in an
entry of the \"list of subscriber data\" in the ME, excluding the
previously selected SNPN. If more than one SNPN different from the
previously selected SNPN are available, allowable, and each of them is
identified by an SNPN identity in an entry of the \"list of subscriber
data\" in the ME, how the MS selects one of those SNPNs is MS
implementation specific.

ii\) the previously selected SNPN.

The MS shall limit its search for the SNPN to the NG-RAN access
technology.

The previously selected SNPN is the SNPN which the MS has selected prior
to the start of the user reselection procedure.

Once the MS selects an SNPN, if the selected SNPN is other than the
previously selected SNPN, the MS attempts registrations on the selected
SNPN using the NG-RAN access technology, the subscriber identifier and
the credentials from an entry of the \"list of subscriber data\" with
the SNPN identity matching the selected SNPN.

NOTE: If the previously selected SNPN is selected, and registration has
not been attempted on any other SNPNs, then the MS is already registered
on the SNPN, and so registration is not necessary.

##### 6.5.1.3.3 Test description {#test-description-86 .H6}

##### 6.5.1.3.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-87 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-66 .H6}

\- 2 SNPN cells NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 are configured broadcasting default
SNPN IDs as indicated in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.2-4.

\- System information combination NR-12 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-79 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic SNPN selection mode.

\- The UE is provisioned with a "list of subscriber data" to allow
access to SNPN identified by NR cell 1 and NR cell 2.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-83 .H6}

\- Ensure that the UE has cleared the Registered SNPN. And the UE is in
state Switched OFF (state 0-B).

##### 6.5.1.3.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-84 .H6}

Table 6.5.1.3.3.2-1/2 shows the cell configurations used during the
test. Subsequent configurations marked "T1" and "T2" are applied at the
points indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table
6.5.1.3.3.2-3. Cell powers are chosen for a serving cell and a
non-suitable "Off" cell as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.2.2.1-3
for FR1 and Table 6.2.2.2-2 for FR2.

Table 6.5.1.3.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| ** **  | **Par    | **Unit** | **NR     | **NR     | **R      |
|        | ameter** |          | Cell 1** | Cell 2** | emarks** |
+========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -88      | "Off"    | Power    |
|        |          |          |          |          | level    |
|        | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | "Off" is |
|        |          |          |          |          | defined  |
|        |          |          |          |          | in TS    |
|        |          |          |          |          | 38.508-1 |
|        |          |          |          |          | \[4\]    |
|        |          |          |          |          | Table    |
|        |          |          |          |          | 6.       |
|        |          |          |          |          | 2.2.1-3. |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -88      | -88      | Power    |
|        |          |          |          |          | level    |
|        | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | "Off" is |
|        |          |          |          |          | defined  |
|        |          |          |          |          | in TS    |
|        |          |          |          |          | 38.508-1 |
|        |          |          |          |          | \[4\]    |
|        |          |          |          |          | Table    |
|        |          |          |          |          | 6.       |
|        |          |          |          |          | 2.2.1-3. |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 6.5.1.3.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| ** **  | **Par    | **Unit** | **NR     | **NR     | **R      |
|        | ameter** |          | Cell 1** | Cell 2** | emarks** |
+========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -82      | "Off"    | Power    |
|        |          |          |          |          | level    |
|        | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | "Off" is |
|        |          |          |          |          | defined  |
|        |          |          |          |          | in TS    |
|        |          |          |          |          | 38.508-1 |
|        |          |          |          |          | \[4\]    |
|        |          |          |          |          | Table    |
|        |          |          |          |          | 6.       |
|        |          |          |          |          | 2.2.1-3. |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -82      | -82      | Power    |
|        |          |          |          |          | level    |
|        | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | "Off" is |
|        |          |          |          |          | defined  |
|        |          |          |          |          | in TS    |
|        |          |          |          |          | 38.508-1 |
|        |          |          |          |          | \[4\]    |
|        |          |          |          |          | Table    |
|        |          |          |          |          | 6.       |
|        |          |          |          |          | 2.2.1-3. |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 6.5.1.3.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| **St**    | **Pr      | **Message | **TP**    | **        |    |
|           | ocedure** | S         |           | Verdict** |    |
|           |           | equence** |           |           |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+====+
|           |           | **U - S** | **        |           |    |
|           |           |           | Message** |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 1         | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row T1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.5.1.3   |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 2         | Power on  | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | the UE.   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 3-22a1    | Steps 1   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |           |    |
|           | of Table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1    |           |           |           |    |
|           | with      |           |           |           |    |
|           | '*        |           |           |           |    |
|           | connected |           |           |           |    |
|           | without   |           |           |           |    |
|           | r         |           |           |           |    |
|           | elease'*. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 23        | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row T2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.5.1.3   |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 24        | Cause the | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | UE in     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Automatic |           |           |           |    |
|           | network   |           |           |           |    |
|           | selection |           |           |           |    |
|           | mode to   |           |           |           |    |
|           | initiate  |           |           |           |    |
|           | user      |           |           |           |    |
|           | re        |           |           |           |    |
|           | selection |           |           |           |    |
|           | and       |           |           |           |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |           |    |
|           | istration |           |           |           |    |
|           | onto an   |           |           |           |    |
|           | available |           |           |           |    |
|           | SNPN      |           |           |           |    |
|           | i         |           |           |           |    |
|           | dentified |           |           |           |    |
|           | by NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell 2.   |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 1)  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 25        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |           |    |
|           | UE send a |           | pRequest* |           |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |           |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 2?   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 26-43a1   | Steps 3   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | test      |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | are       |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 2.   |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 2)  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| MMI       |           |           |           |           |    |
| command   |           |           |           |           |    |
| "         |           |           |           |           |    |
| TRIGGER\_ |           |           |           |           |    |
| USER\_RES |           |           |           |           |    |
| ELECTION" |           |           |           |           |    |
| to be     |           |           |           |           |    |
| used. AT  |           |           |           |           |    |
| command   |           |           |           |           |    |
| AT+COPS   |           |           |           |           |    |
| is not    |           |           |           |           |    |
| suitable  |           |           |           |           |    |
| to        |           |           |           |           |    |
| achieve   |           |           |           |           |    |
| the test  |           |           |           |           |    |
| purpose.  |           |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| The 5GS   |           |           |           |           |    |
| reg       |           |           |           |           |    |
| istration |           |           |           |           |    |
| type      |           |           |           |           |    |
| shall be  |           |           |           |           |    |
| only set  |           |           |           |           |    |
| as        |           |           |           |           |    |
| 'Initial  |           |           |           |           |    |
| Regi      |           |           |           |           |    |
| stration' |           |           |           |           |    |
| according |           |           |           |           |    |
| to TS     |           |           |           |           |    |
| 24.501    |           |           |           |           |    |
| \[22\]    |           |           |           |           |    |
| subclause |           |           |           |           |    |
| 5.2.3.2.5 |           |           |           |           |    |
| specified |           |           |           |           |    |
| in        |           |           |           |           |    |
| Release   |           |           |           |           |    |
| 16.       |           |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+

##### 6.5.1.3.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-79 .H6}

Table 6.5.1.3.3.3-1: REGISTRATION REQUEST (step 27, Table 6.5.1.3.3.2-3)

  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- ---------------------- -----------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.7.1-6                                         
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment                Condition
  5GS registration type value                         '001'B         Initial registration   
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- ---------------------- -----------

### 6.5.2 CAG (Closed Access Group)

#### 6.5.2.1 CAG Selection in Manual Mode

##### 6.5.2.1.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-89 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-164 .H6}

**with** { UE in Manual network selection mode and provided with CAG
information list }

**ensure that** {

**when** { there exists an entry with the PLMN ID of the PLMN in the
\"CAG information list\" and the CAG-ID is included in the \"Allowed CAG
list\" }

**then** { UE manually selects the CAG cell }

}

##### (2) {#section-165 .H6}

**with** { UE in Manual network selection mode and PLMN ID of the PLMN
in the \"CAG information list\" and the CAG-ID are not included in the
\"Allowed CAG list\" }

**ensure that** {

**when** { the available CAG cell broadcasts that the PLMN allows a user
to manually select the CAG-ID }

**then** { UE manually selects the CAG cell that is outside the UE\'s
Allowed CAG list }

}

\(3\)

**with** { UE in Manual network selection mode }

**ensure** that {

**when** { there exists an entry for the presented PLMN in the \"CAG
information list\" and the entry includes an \"indication that the MS is
only allowed to access 5GS via CAG cells\" }

**then** { UE manually selects the CAG cell }

}

##### 6.5.2.1.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-89 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 23.122, clause 4.4.3.1.2. Unless otherwise stated these
are Rel-16 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.4.3.1.2\]

The MS indicates whether there are any PLMNs, which are available using
all supported access technologies. This includes PLMNs in the
\"forbidden PLMNs\" list, \"forbidden PLMNs for GPRS service\" list and
PLMNs which only offer services not supported by the MS. An MS which
supports GSM COMPACT shall also indicate GSM COMPACT PLMNs (which use
PBCCH).

If displayed, PLMNs meeting the criteria above are presented in the
following order:

i)- either the HPLMN (if the EHPLMN list is not present or is empty) or,
if one or more of the EHPLMNs are available then based on an optional
data field on the SIM either only the highest priority available EHPLMN
is to be presented to the user or all available EHPLMNs are presented to
the user in priority order. If the data field is not present on the SIM,
then only the highest priority available EHPLMN is presented;

ii)- PLMN/access technology combinations contained in the \" User
Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology \" data file in the SIM
(in priority order);

iii)- PLMN/access technology combinations contained in the \"Operator
Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file in the SIM
(in priority order) or stored in the ME (in priority order);

iv)- other PLMN/access technology combinations with received high
quality signal in random order;

v)- other PLMN/access technology combinations in order of decreasing
signal quality.

...

In i to v, if the MS supports CAG, for each PLMN/access technology
combination of NG-RAN access technology, the MS shall present to the
user:

a\) the PLMN/access technology combination and a list of CAG-IDs
composed of one or more CAG-IDs such that for each CAG-ID:

1\) there is an available CAG cell which broadcasts the CAG-ID for the
PLMN; and

2\) the following is true:

i\) there exists an entry with the PLMN ID of the PLMN in the \"CAG
information list\" and the CAG-ID is included in the \"Allowed CAG
list\" of the entry; or

ii\) the available CAG cell broadcasting the CAG-ID for the PLMN also
broadcasts that the PLMN allows a user to manually select the CAG-ID.

For each of the presented CAG-ID, the MS may indicate to the user
whether the CAG-ID is present in the \"Allowed CAG list\" stored in the
UE; and

b\) the PLMN/access technology combination without a list of CAG-IDs, if
there is an available NG-RAN cell which is not a CAG cell for the PLMN.
If there exists an entry for the presented PLMN in the \"CAG information
list\" and the entry includes an \"indication that the MS is only
allowed to access 5GS via CAG cells\", the MS may indicate to the user
that the MS is only allowed to access the PLMN via CAG cells.

##### 6.5.2.1.3 Test description {#test-description-87 .H6}

##### 6.5.2.1.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-88 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-67 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 4.

\- NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 4 are CAG cells.

\- System information combination NR-2 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used for NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 4.

\- The PLMNs are identified in the test by the identifiers in Table
6.5.2.1.3.1-1 and the PLMN settings are defined in TS 36.523-1 \[13\]
table 6.0.1-1.

Table 6.5.2.1.3.1--1: PLMN and CAG identifiers

  NR Cell   PLMN name   CAG IDs
  --------- ----------- ---------
  1         PLMN 1      \-
  2         PLMN 3      1
  4         PLMN 2      2

##### UE: {#ue-80 .H6}

None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-84 .H6}

\- The UE is registered on NR Cell 1 using the procedure described in TS
38.508-1 \[4\] clause 4.5.2.2 except that the REGISTRATION ACCEPT
message includes CAG information list with CAG-ID 1.

\- The UE is set to Manual PLMN selection mode before it is in state
Switched OFF (State 0N-B) as per TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-0.

##### 6.5.2.1.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-85 .H6}

Table 6.5.2.1.3.2-1 for FR1 and Table 6.5.2.1.3.2-2 for FR2 illustrate
the downlink power to be applied for the cells at various time instants
of the test execution. The configuration T0 indicates the initial
conditions for preamble. Configurations marked \"T1\", \"T2\", \"T3\"
and \"T4\" are applied at the points indicated in the Main behaviour
description in Table 6.5.2.1.3.2-3.

Table 6.5.2.1.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|        | ** Para | *       | **NR    | **NR    | **NR    | **Re    |
|        | meter** | *Unit** | Cell    | Cell    | Cell    | marks** |
|        |         |         | 1**     | 2**     | 4**     |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T0** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | \"Off\" | \"Off\" | Power   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         | \"Off\" |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 6.      |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.1-3 |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | \"Off\" | -88     | \"Off\" | Power   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         | \"Off\" |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 6.      |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.1-3 |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | \"Off\" | \"Off\" | -88     | Power   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         | \"Off\" |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 6.      |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.1-3 |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T3** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | "Off"   | -88     | \"Off\" | Power   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         | \"Off\" |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 6.      |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.1-3 |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T4** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | -115    | \"Off\" | Power   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         | \"Off\" |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 6.      |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.1-3 |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.5.2.1.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|        | ** Para | *       | **NR    | **NR    | **NR    | **Re    |
|        | meter** | *Unit** | Cell    | Cell    | Cell    | marks** |
|        |         |         | 1**     | 2**     | 4**     |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T0** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -82     | "Off"   | "Off"   | Power   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         | \"Off\" |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 6.2.    |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.2-2 |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | "Off"   | -82     | "Off"   | Power   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         | \"Off\" |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 6.2.    |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.2-2 |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | "Off"   | "Off"   | -82     | Power   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         | \"Off\" |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 6.2.    |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.2-2 |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T3** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | "Off"   | -82     | "Off"   | Power   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         | \"Off\" |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 6.2.    |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.2-2 |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T4** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -82     | "Off"   | "Off"   | Power   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         | \"Off\" |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 6.2.    |
|        |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.2-2 |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.5.2.1.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+--------+------------+------------+------------+---------+-----+
| St     | Procedure  | Message    | TP         | Verdict |     |
|        |            | Sequence   |            |         |     |
+========+============+============+============+=========+=====+
|        |            | U - S      | Message    |         |     |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+---------+-----+
| 1      | The SS     | \-         | \-         | \-      | \-  |
|        | changes    |            |            |         |     |
|        | cell power |            |            |         |     |
|        | levels     |            |            |         |     |
|        | according  |            |            |         |     |
|        | to row     |            |            |         |     |
|        | \"T1\" in  |            |            |         |     |
|        | Table      |            |            |         |     |
|        | 6.5        |            |            |         |     |
|        | .2.1.3.2-1 |            |            |         |     |
|        | for FR1    |            |            |         |     |
|        | and Table  |            |            |         |     |
|        | 6.5        |            |            |         |     |
|        | .2.1.3.2-2 |            |            |         |     |
|        | for FR2.   |            |            |         |     |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+---------+-----+
| 2      | The UE is  | \-         | \-         | \-      | \-  |
|        | switched   |            |            |         |     |
|        | on.        |            |            |         |     |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+---------+-----+
| 3      | The UE is  | \-         | \-         | \-      | \-  |
|        | made to    |            |            |         |     |
|        | perform    |            |            |         |     |
|        | manual CAG |            |            |         |     |
|        | selection  |            |            |         |     |
|        | and        |            |            |         |     |
|        | selects NR |            |            |         |     |
|        | Cell 2.    |            |            |         |     |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+---------+-----+
| 4      | Check:     | \--\>      | NR RRC:    | 1       | P   |
|        | Does the   |            | *RRCSet    |         |     |
|        | UE send a  |            | upRequest* |         |     |
|        | *RRCSet    |            |            |         |     |
|        | upRequest* |            |            |         |     |
|        | on NR Cell |            |            |         |     |
|        | 2?         |            |            |         |     |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+---------+-----+
| 5-22   | Steps      | \-         | \-         | \-      | \-  |
|        | 3-20a1 of  |            |            |         |     |
|        | Table      |            |            |         |     |
|        | 4.5.2.2-2  |            |            |         |     |
|        | of the     |            |            |         |     |
|        | generic    |            |            |         |     |
|        | procedure  |            |            |         |     |
|        | in TS      |            |            |         |     |
|        | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |     |
|        | \[4\] are  |            |            |         |     |
|        | performed  |            |            |         |     |
|        | on NR Cell |            |            |         |     |
|        | 2.         |            |            |         |     |
|        |            |            |            |         |     |
|        | Note: The  |            |            |         |     |
|        | UE         |            |            |         |     |
|        | performs   |            |            |         |     |
|        | initial    |            |            |         |     |
|        | re         |            |            |         |     |
|        | gistration |            |            |         |     |
|        | procedure  |            |            |         |     |
|        | with       |            |            |         |     |
|        | RE         |            |            |         |     |
|        | GISTRATION |            |            |         |     |
|        | ACCEPT     |            |            |         |     |
|        | message    |            |            |         |     |
|        | including  |            |            |         |     |
|        | CAG        |            |            |         |     |
|        | i          |            |            |         |     |
|        | nformation |            |            |         |     |
|        | list with  |            |            |         |     |
|        | PLMN ID 3  |            |            |         |     |
|        | and CAG    |            |            |         |     |
|        | only       |            |            |         |     |
|        | indication |            |            |         |     |
|        | and the    |            |            |         |     |
|        | RRC        |            |            |         |     |
|        | connection |            |            |         |     |
|        | is         |            |            |         |     |
|        | released.  |            |            |         |     |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+---------+-----+
| 23     | The SS     | \-         | \-         | \-      | \-  |
|        | changes    |            |            |         |     |
|        | cell power |            |            |         |     |
|        | levels     |            |            |         |     |
|        | according  |            |            |         |     |
|        | to row     |            |            |         |     |
|        | \"T2\" in  |            |            |         |     |
|        | Table      |            |            |         |     |
|        | 6.5        |            |            |         |     |
|        | .2.1.3.2-1 |            |            |         |     |
|        | for FR1    |            |            |         |     |
|        | and Table  |            |            |         |     |
|        | 6.5        |            |            |         |     |
|        | .2.1.3.2-2 |            |            |         |     |
|        | for FR2.   |            |            |         |     |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+---------+-----+
| 24     | The UE is  | \-         | *-*        | \-      | \-  |
|        | made to    |            |            |         |     |
|        | perform    |            |            |         |     |
|        | manual CAG |            |            |         |     |
|        | selection  |            |            |         |     |
|        | and select |            |            |         |     |
|        | NR Cell 4. |            |            |         |     |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+---------+-----+
| 25     | Void       | \-         | \-         | \-      | \-  |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+---------+-----+
| 26-27A | Steps 1 to | \-         | \-         | 2       | P   |
|        | 3 of the   |            |            |         |     |
|        | test       |            |            |         |     |
|        | procedure  |            |            |         |     |
|        | to check   |            |            |         |     |
|        | that UE is |            |            |         |     |
|        | camped on  |            |            |         |     |
|        | a new cell |            |            |         |     |
|        | belonging  |            |            |         |     |
|        | to a new   |            |            |         |     |
|        | TA as      |            |            |         |     |
|        | specified  |            |            |         |     |
|        | in TS      |            |            |         |     |
|        | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |     |
|        | \[4\]      |            |            |         |     |
|        | subclause  |            |            |         |     |
|        | 4.9.5 are  |            |            |         |     |
|        | performed  |            |            |         |     |
|        | on NR Cell |            |            |         |     |
|        | 4.         |            |            |         |     |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+---------+-----+
| 28-36  | Void       | \-         | \-         | \-      | \-  |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+---------+-----+
| 37     | The SS     | \<\--      | NR RRC:    | \-      | \-  |
|        | transmits  |            | *DL        |         |     |
|        | a          |            | Informatio |         |     |
|        | *DL        |            | nTransfer* |         |     |
|        | Informatio |            |            |         |     |
|        | nTransfer* |            | 5GMM:      |         |     |
|        | message    |            | RE         |         |     |
|        | and a      |            | GISTRATION |         |     |
|        | RE         |            | ACCEPT     |         |     |
|        | GISTRATION |            |            |         |     |
|        | ACCEPT     |            |            |         |     |
|        | message.   |            |            |         |     |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+---------+-----+
| 38-39  | Steps 5 to | \-         | \-         | \-      | \-  |
|        | 6a1 of the |            |            |         |     |
|        | test       |            |            |         |     |
|        | procedure  |            |            |         |     |
|        | to check   |            |            |         |     |
|        | that UE is |            |            |         |     |
|        | camped on  |            |            |         |     |
|        | a new cell |            |            |         |     |
|        | belonging  |            |            |         |     |
|        | to a new   |            |            |         |     |
|        | TA as      |            |            |         |     |
|        | specified  |            |            |         |     |
|        | in TS      |            |            |         |     |
|        | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |     |
|        | \[4\]      |            |            |         |     |
|        | subclause  |            |            |         |     |
|        | 4.9.5 are  |            |            |         |     |
|        | performed  |            |            |         |     |
|        | on NR Cell |            |            |         |     |
|        | 4.         |            |            |         |     |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+---------+-----+
| 40-46  | Void       | \-         | \-         | \-      | \-  |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+---------+-----+
| 46A    | The SS     | \-         | \-         | \-      | \-  |
|        | changes    |            |            |         |     |
|        | cell power |            |            |         |     |
|        | levels     |            |            |         |     |
|        | according  |            |            |         |     |
|        | to row     |            |            |         |     |
|        | \"T3\" in  |            |            |         |     |
|        | Table      |            |            |         |     |
|        | 6.5        |            |            |         |     |
|        | .2.1.3.2-1 |            |            |         |     |
|        | for FR1    |            |            |         |     |
|        | and Table  |            |            |         |     |
|        | 6.5        |            |            |         |     |
|        | .2.1.3.2-2 |            |            |         |     |
|        | for FR2.   |            |            |         |     |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+---------+-----+
| 47     | The UE is  | \-         | \-         | \-      | *-* |
|        | made to    |            |            |         |     |
|        | perform    |            |            |         |     |
|        | manual CAG |            |            |         |     |
|        | selection  |            |            |         |     |
|        | and select |            |            |         |     |
|        | NR Cell 2. |            |            |         |     |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+---------+-----+
| 48     | Void       | \-         | \-         | \-      | \-  |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+---------+-----+
| 49-53A | Steps      | \-         | *-*        | 3       | *P* |
|        | 1-6a1 of   |            |            |         |     |
|        | the test   |            |            |         |     |
|        | procedure  |            |            |         |     |
|        | to check   |            |            |         |     |
|        | that UE is |            |            |         |     |
|        | camped on  |            |            |         |     |
|        | a new cell |            |            |         |     |
|        | belonging  |            |            |         |     |
|        | to a new   |            |            |         |     |
|        | TA as      |            |            |         |     |
|        | specified  |            |            |         |     |
|        | in TS      |            |            |         |     |
|        | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |     |
|        | \[4\]      |            |            |         |     |
|        | subclause  |            |            |         |     |
|        | 4.9.5 are  |            |            |         |     |
|        | performed  |            |            |         |     |
|        | on NR Cell |            |            |         |     |
|        | 2.         |            |            |         |     |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+---------+-----+
| 54     | The SS     | \-         | *-*        | \-      | *-* |
|        | changes    |            |            |         |     |
|        | cell power |            |            |         |     |
|        | levels     |            |            |         |     |
|        | according  |            |            |         |     |
|        | to row     |            |            |         |     |
|        | \"T4\" in  |            |            |         |     |
|        | Table      |            |            |         |     |
|        | 6.5        |            |            |         |     |
|        | .2.1.3.2-1 |            |            |         |     |
|        | for FR1    |            |            |         |     |
|        | and Table  |            |            |         |     |
|        | 6.5        |            |            |         |     |
|        | .2.1.3.2-2 |            |            |         |     |
|        | for FR2.   |            |            |         |     |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+---------+-----+
| 55     | The user   | \-         | *-*        | \-      | *-* |
|        | sets the   |            |            |         |     |
|        | UE in      |            |            |         |     |
|        | Automatic  |            |            |         |     |
|        | PLMN       |            |            |         |     |
|        | selection  |            |            |         |     |
|        | mode.      |            |            |         |     |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+---------+-----+
| 56     | The UE     | \-         | *-*        | \-      | *-* |
|        | performs   |            |            |         |     |
|        | the        |            |            |         |     |
|        | Re         |            |            |         |     |
|        | gistration |            |            |         |     |
|        | procedure  |            |            |         |     |
|        | for        |            |            |         |     |
|        | mobility   |            |            |         |     |
|        | re         |            |            |         |     |
|        | gistration |            |            |         |     |
|        | update as  |            |            |         |     |
|        | specified  |            |            |         |     |
|        | in TS      |            |            |         |     |
|        | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |     |
|        | \[4\]      |            |            |         |     |
|        | subclause  |            |            |         |     |
|        | 4.9.5 on   |            |            |         |     |
|        | NR Cell 1. |            |            |         |     |
+--------+------------+------------+------------+---------+-----+

##### 6.5.2.1.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-80 .H6}

Table 6.5.2.1.3.3-1: REGISTRATION REQUEST (Preamble)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table **4.7.1-6**                                         
  ------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ---------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                     Value/Remark   Comment                Condition
  5GS registration type                                                                         
  5GS registration type value                             \'001\'B       Initial registration   
  5GMM capability                                                                               
  CAG                                                     '1'B           CAG supported          

Table 6.5.2.1.3.3-2: REGISTRATION ACCEPT (Preamble)

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[4\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table           |                 |                 |           |
| **4.7.1-7**     |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/Remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CAG information |                 | MCC: 003; MNC:  |           |
| list            |                 | 21; CAG only:   |           |
|                 |                 | 0;              |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | CAG-ID 1: 1     |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Length of CAG   | '0000 0000 0000 |                 |           |
| information     | 1001'B          |                 |           |
| list contents   |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Entry 1         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Length of entry | '0000 1000'B    |                 |           |
| contents        |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| MCC             | MCC of NR Cell  | See Table       |           |
|                 | 2               | 6.5.2.1.3.1--1  |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| MNC             | MNC of NR Cell  | See Table       |           |
|                 | 2               | 6.5.2.1.3.1--1  |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CAG only        | '0'B            |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CAG-ID 1        | 1               | CAG ID is coded |           |
|                 |                 | as a 32 bit     |           |
|                 |                 | BITSTRING       |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 6.5.2.1.3.3-3: REGISTRATION ACCEPT (Step 16, Table 6.5.2.1.3.2-3)

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[4\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table           |                 |                 |           |
| **4.7.1-7**     |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/Remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CAG information |                 | MCC: 003; MNC:  |           |
| list            |                 | 21; CAG only:   |           |
|                 |                 | 1;              |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | CAG-ID 1: 1     |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Length of CAG   | '0000 0000 0000 |                 |           |
| information     | 1001'B          |                 |           |
| list contents   |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Entry 1         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Length of entry | '0000 1000'B    |                 |           |
| contents        |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| MCC             | MCC of NR Cell  | See Table       |           |
|                 | 2               | 6.5.2.1.3.1--1  |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| MNC             | MNC of NR Cell  | See Table       |           |
|                 | 2               | 6.5.2.1.3.1--1  |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CAG only        | '1'B            |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CAG-ID 1        | 1               | CAG ID is coded |           |
|                 |                 | as a 32 bit     |           |
|                 |                 | BITSTRING       |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 6.5.2.1.3.3-3A: REGISTRATION ACCEPT (Step 37, Table 6.5.2.1.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table **4.7.1-7**                                                                          
  ------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------ --------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                     Value/Remark             Comment                                       Condition
  CAG information list                                                             MCC: 002; MNC: 11; CAG only: 1; CAG-ID 1: 2   
  Length of CAG information list contents                 '0000 0000 0000 1001'B                                                 
  Entry 1                                                                                                                        
  Length of entry contents                                '0000 1000'B                                                           
  MCC                                                     MCC of NR Cell 4         See Table 6.5.2.1.3.1--1                      
  MNC                                                     MNC of NR Cell 4         See Table 6.5.2.1.3.1--1                      
  CAG only                                                '1'B                                                                   
  CAG-ID 1                                                2                        CAG ID is coded as a 32 bit BITSTRING         

Table 6.5.2.1.3.3-4: SIB1 for NR Cell 4 (all steps in T2, Table
6.5.2.1.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28 with condition CAG                                                                                  
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------- --------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                               Value/Remark                 Comment                                 Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                    
  cellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                       
  cellReservedForOtherUse                                                           true                                                                 
  npn-IdentityInfoList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF NPN-IdentityInfo-r16 {   1 entry                                                              
  NPN-IdentityInfo-r16\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                           entry 1                                 
  npn-IdentityList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF NPN-Identity-r16 {           1 entry                                                              
  NPN-Identity-r16\[1\] CHOICE {                                                                                 entry 1                                 
  pni-npn-r16 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                 
  plmn-Identity-r16 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                           
  mcc                                                                               002                          PLMN2 MCC                               
  mnc                                                                               11                           PLMN2 MNC                               
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  cag-IdentityList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxNPN-r16)) OF CAG-IdentityInfo-r16 {    1 entry                                                              
  CAG-IdentityInfo-r16\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                           entry 1                                 
  cag-Identity-r16                                                                  2                            CAG ID is coded as a 32 bit BITSTRING   
  manualCAGselectionAllowed-r16                                                     true                                                                 
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  trackingAreaCode-r16                                                              TAC of NR Cell 4                                                     
  cellIdentity-r16                                                                  Cell Identity of NR Cell 4                                           
  cellReservedForOperatorUse-r16                                                    notReserved                                                          
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      

Table 6.5.2.1.3.3-5: SIB1 for NR Cell 2 (all steps in Table
6.5.2.1.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28 with condition CAG                                                                                  
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------- --------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                               Value/Remark                 Comment                                 Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                    
  cellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                       
  cellReservedForOtherUse                                                           true                                                                 
  npn-IdentityInfoList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF NPN-IdentityInfo-r16 {   1 entry                                                              
  NPN-IdentityInfo-r16\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                           entry 1                                 
  npn-IdentityList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF NPN-Identity-r16 {           1 entry                                                              
  NPN-Identity-r16\[1\] CHOICE {                                                                                 entry 1                                 
  pni-npn-r16 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                 
  plmn-Identity-r16 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                           
  mcc                                                                               003                          PLMN3 MCC                               
  mnc                                                                               21                           PLMN3 MNC                               
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  cag-IdentityList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxNPN-r16)) OF CAG-IdentityInfo-r16 {    1 entry                                                              
  CAG-IdentityInfo-r16\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                           entry 1                                 
  cag-Identity-r16                                                                  1                            CAG ID is coded as a 32 bit BITSTRING   
  manualCAGselectionAllowed-r16                                                     true                                                                 
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  trackingAreaCode-r16                                                              TAC of NR Cell 2                                                     
  cellIdentity-r16                                                                  Cell Identity of NR Cell 2                                           
  cellReservedForOperatorUse-r16                                                    notReserved                                                          
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      

#### 6.5.2.2 CAG Selection in Automatic Mode

##### 6.5.2.2.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-90 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-166 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic network selection mode and provisioned with
an empty \"CAG information list" }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is switched on or returned to coverage, and a cell which
is not a CAG cell becomes available }

**then** { UE selects the cell }

}

##### (2) {#section-167 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic network selection mode provisioned with a
\"CAG information list" }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is switched on or returned to coverage, and a CAG cell
with a CAG-ID present in the \"Allowed CAG list\" becomes available }

**then** { UE selects the CAG cell }

}

##### (3) {#section-168 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic network selection mode provisioned with a
\"CAG information list" }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is switched on and a cell which is not a CAG cell becomes
available, and there is an entry with the PLMN ID of the PLMN in the
\"CAG information list\" but the \"indication that the MS is only
allowed to access 5GS via CAG cells\" is not included in the entry }

**then** { UE selects the cell }

}

##### 6.5.2.2.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-90 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 23.122 clauses 3.8, and 4.4.3.1.1. Unless otherwise
stated these are Rel-16 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause 3.8\]

The MS may support CAG.

If the MS supports CAG, the MS can be provisioned with a \"CAG
information list\", consisting of zero or more entries, each containing:

a\) a PLMN ID;

b\) an \"Allowed CAG list\". The \"Allowed CAG list\" contains zero or
more CAG-IDs; and

c\) an optional \"indication that the MS is only allowed to access 5GS
via CAG cells\".

The \"CAG information list\" is stored in the ME.

NOTE: When the UE is registering or registered to a PLMN other than the
HPLMN or EHPLMN, then the HPLMN will send a \"CAG information list\"
consisting of CAG subscription information related to the serving PLMN
only. When the UE is registering or registered to the HPLMN or EHPLMN
then the HPLMN or EHPLMN can send CAG subscription information related
to any PLMN in the \"CAG information list\".

If the MS supports CAG and a PLMN is selected as described in
subclause 4.4.3.1.1, the automatic CAG selection is performed as part of
subclause 4.4.3.1.1.

If the MS supports CAG and a PLMN is selected as described in
subclause 4.4.3.1.2, the manual CAG selection is performed as part of
subclause 4.4.3.1.2.

The NAS shall provide the AS with a \"CAG information list\", if
available. If the contents of the \"CAG information list\" have changed,
the NAS shall provide an updated \"CAG information list\" to the AS.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.4.3.1.1\]

The MS selects and attempts registration on other PLMN/access technology
combinations, if available and allowable, in the following order:

i\) either the HPLMN (if the EHPLMN list is not present or is empty) or
the highest priority EHPLMN that is available (if the EHPLMN list is
present) ;

ii\) each PLMN/access technology combination in the \"User Controlled
PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file in the SIM (in priority
order);

iii\) each PLMN/access technology combination in the \"Operator
Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file in the SIM
(in priority order) or stored in the ME (in priority order);

iv\) other PLMN/access technology combinations with received high
quality signal in random order;

v\) other PLMN/access technology combinations in order of decreasing
signal quality.

When following the above procedure the following requirements apply:

...

m\) In i to v, if the MS supports CAG and:

1\) is provisioned with a non-empty \"CAG information list\", the MS
shall consider a PLMN indicated by an NG-RAN cell only if:

A\) the cell is a CAG cell and broadcasts a CAG-ID for the PLMN such
that there exists an entry with the PLMN ID of the PLMN in the \"CAG
information list\" and the CAG-ID is included in the \"Allowed CAG
list\" of the entry; or

B\) the cell is not a CAG cell and:

\- there is no entry with the PLMN ID of the PLMN in the \"CAG
information list\"; or

\- there exists an entry with the PLMN ID of the PLMN in the \"CAG
information list\" but the \"indication that the MS is only allowed to
access 5GS via CAG cells\" is not included in the entry; or

2\) is provisioned with an empty \"CAG information list\" or is not
provisioned with a \"CAG information list\", the MS shall consider a
PLMN indicated by an NG-RAN cell only if the cell is not a CAG cell.

n\) In i to v, if the MS only supports control plane CIoT 5GS
optimization (see 3GPP TS 23.501 \[62\]) and the MS camps on an E-UTRA
cell connected to 5GCN, which is not NB-IoT cell (see
3GPP TS 36.304 \[43\], 3GPP TS 36.331 \[22\]), the MS shall not consider
PLMNs which do not advertise support of 5GS services with control plane
CIoT 5GS optimization.

o\) In i to v, if the MS supports CIoT 5GS optimizations, the MS shall
not consider the PLMN/access technology combinations for which the MS
preferred CIoT network behaviour is not advertised as supported by the
PLMN/access technology combination (see 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\]).

NOTE 7: As an implementation option, the MS supporting CIoT 5GS
optimizations that was not able to select any PLMN according to o) can
perform a second iteration of i to v with no restriction.

p\) In iii, the MS shall use the PLMN/access technology combination in
the \"Operator Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" stored
in the ME, if the last received steering of roaming information contains
the \"list of preferred PLMN/access technology combinations\"(see
annex C) and is stored in the ME. Otherwise, the MS shall use the
\"Operator Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" list
retrieved from the SIM.

If successful registration is achieved, the MS indicates the selected
PLMN.

If registration cannot be achieved because no PLMNs are available and
allowable, and the MS does not support access to RLOS, the MS indicates
\"no service\" to the user, waits until a new PLMN is available and
allowable and then repeats the procedure.

If there were one or more PLMNs which were available and allowable, but
an LR failure made registration on those PLMNs unsuccessful or an entry
in any of the lists \"forbidden location areas for roaming\",
\"forbidden tracking areas for roaming\", \"5GS forbidden tracking areas
for roaming\", \"forbidden location areas for regional provision of
service\", \"forbidden tracking areas for regional provision of
service\", \"5GS forbidden tracking areas for regional provision of
service\", or \"CAG information list\" prevented a registration attempt,
the MS selects the first such PLMN again and enters a limited service
state.

...

##### 6.5.2.2.3 Test description {#test-description-88 .H6}

##### 6.5.2.2.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-89 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-68 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2, NR Cell 4 and NR Cell 11.

\- NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 4 are CAG cells.

\- System information combination NR-2 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used for NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2, NR Cell 4 and NR Cell
11.

\- The PLMNs are identified in the test by the identifiers in Table
6.5.2.2.3.1-1 and the PLMN settings are defined in TS 36.523-1 \[13\]
table 6.0.1-1.

Table 6.5.2.2.3.1-1: PLMN identifiers

  NR Cell   PLMN name   CAG IDs
  --------- ----------- ---------
  1         PLMN1       \-
  2         PLMN2       1
  4         PLMN3       2
  11        PLMN2       \-

##### UE: {#ue-81 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic PLMN selection mode.

\- There is an empty "CAG information list" provisioned in the UE.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-85 .H6}

\- The UE is registered on NR Cell 1 using the procedure described in TS
38.508-1 \[4\] clause 4.5.2.2 except that the REGISTRATION ACCEPT
message includes an empty CAG information list before it is in state
Switched OFF (State 0N-B).

##### 6.5.2.2.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-86 .H6}

Table 6.5.2.2.3.2-1 for FR1 and 6.5.2.2.3.2-2 for FR2 illustrate the
downlink power levels to be applied for the cells at various time
instants of the test execution. Row marked \"T0\" denotes the initial
conditions after preamble, while columns marked \"T1\", \"T2\" and
\"T3\" are to be applied subsequently in the Main behaviour. The exact
instants on which these values shall be applied are described in the
texts in this clause. Cell powers are chosen for a serving cell and a
non-suitable "Off" cell as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.2.2.1-3
for FR1 and Table 6.2.2.2-2 for FR2.

Table 6.5.2.2.3.2-1: Cell configuration changes over time for FR1

+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------+
|    | Parameter | Unit    | NR Cell 1 | NR Cell 2 | NR Cell 4 | NR Cell 11 | Remarks |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------+
| T0 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -88       | \"Off\"   | \"Off\"   | \"Off\"    |         |
|    |           |         |           |           |           |            |         |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           |           |            |         |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | \"Off\"   | \"Off\"   | -88       | \"Off\"    |         |
|    |           |         |           |           |           |            |         |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           |           |            |         |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | \"Off\"   | -88       | \"Off\"   | \"Off\"    |         |
|    |           |         |           |           |           |            |         |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           |           |            |         |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------+
| T3 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | \"Off\"   | \"Off\"   | \"Off\"   | -88        |         |
|    |           |         |           |           |           |            |         |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           |           |            |         |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------+

Table 6.5.2.2.3.2-2: Cell configuration changes over time for FR2

+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------+
|    | Parameter | Unit    | NR Cell 1 | NR Cell 2 | NR Cell 4 | NR Cell 11 | Remarks |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------+
| T0 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -82       | \"Off\"   | "Off"     | \"Off\"    |         |
|    |           |         |           |           |           |            |         |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           |           |            |         |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | \"Off\"   | \"Off\"   | -82       | \"Off\"    |         |
|    |           |         |           |           |           |            |         |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           |           |            |         |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | \"Off\"   | -82       | "Off"     | \"Off\"    |         |
|    |           |         |           |           |           |            |         |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           |           |            |         |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------+
| T3 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | \"Off\"   | \"Off\"   | \"Off\"   | -82        |         |
|    |           |         |           |           |           |            |         |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           |           |            |         |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------+

Table 6.5.2.2.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| St      | Procedure  | Message    | TP         | Verdict |    |
|         |            | Sequence   |            |         |    |
+=========+============+============+============+=========+====+
|         |            | U - S      | Message    |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 1       | Power on   | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | the UE.    |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 2       | Check:     | \--\>      | NR RRC:    | 1       | P  |
|         | Does the   |            | *RRCSet    |         |    |
|         | UE send a  |            | upRequest* |         |    |
|         | *RRCSet    |            |            |         |    |
|         | upRequest* |            |            |         |    |
|         | on NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 1?         |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 3-13    | Steps 3 to | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | 13 of the  |            |            |         |    |
|         | re         |            |            |         |    |
|         | gistration |            |            |         |    |
|         | procedure  |            |            |         |    |
|         | described  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in TS      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |    |
|         | \[4\]      |            |            |         |    |
|         | subclause  |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4.5.2.2    |            |            |         |    |
|         | are        |            |            |         |    |
|         | performed  |            |            |         |    |
|         | on NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 1.         |            |            |         |    |
|         |            |            |            |         |    |
|         | NOTE: The  |            |            |         |    |
|         | UE starts  |            |            |         |    |
|         | reg        |            |            |         |    |
|         | istration. |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 14      | The SS     | \<\--      | NR RRC:    | \-      | \- |
|         | transmits  |            | *DL        |         |    |
|         | a          |            | Informatio |         |    |
|         | *DL        |            | nTransfer* |         |    |
|         | Informatio |            |            |         |    |
|         | nTransfer* |            | 5G MM:     |         |    |
|         | message    |            | RE         |         |    |
|         | and a      |            | GISTRATION |         |    |
|         | RE         |            | ACCEPT     |         |    |
|         | GISTRATION |            |            |         |    |
|         | ACCEPT     |            |            |         |    |
|         | message    |            |            |         |    |
|         | containing |            |            |         |    |
|         | the CAG    |            |            |         |    |
|         | i          |            |            |         |    |
|         | nformation |            |            |         |    |
|         | list with  |            |            |         |    |
|         | the CAG ID |            |            |         |    |
|         | of NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 2.         |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 15-20a1 | Steps 15   | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | to 20a1 of |            |            |         |    |
|         | the        |            |            |         |    |
|         | re         |            |            |         |    |
|         | gistration |            |            |         |    |
|         | procedure  |            |            |         |    |
|         | described  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in TS      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |    |
|         | \[4\]      |            |            |         |    |
|         | subclause  |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4.5.2.2    |            |            |         |    |
|         | are        |            |            |         |    |
|         | performed  |            |            |         |    |
|         | on NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 1.         |            |            |         |    |
|         |            |            |            |         |    |
|         | NOTE: The  |            |            |         |    |
|         | UE         |            |            |         |    |
|         | completes  |            |            |         |    |
|         | re         |            |            |         |    |
|         | gistration |            |            |         |    |
|         | and the    |            |            |         |    |
|         | RRC        |            |            |         |    |
|         | connection |            |            |         |    |
|         | is         |            |            |         |    |
|         | released.  |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 21      | The UE is  | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | switched   |            |            |         |    |
|         | off by     |            |            |         |    |
|         | executing  |            |            |         |    |
|         | generic    |            |            |         |    |
|         | procedure  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in Table   |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4.9.6.1-1  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in TS      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |    |
|         | \[4\].     |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 22      | SS adjusts | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | cell       |            |            |         |    |
|         | levels     |            |            |         |    |
|         | according  |            |            |         |    |
|         | to row T1  |            |            |         |    |
|         | of table   |            |            |         |    |
|         | 6.5        |            |            |         |    |
|         | .2.2.3.2-1 |            |            |         |    |
|         | for FR1    |            |            |         |    |
|         | and table  |            |            |         |    |
|         | 6.5        |            |            |         |    |
|         | .2.2.3.2-2 |            |            |         |    |
|         | for FR2.   |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 23      | Power on   | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | the UE.    |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 24      | Check:     | \--\>      | NR RRC:    | 2       | F  |
|         | Does the   |            | *RRCSet    |         |    |
|         | UE send a  |            | upRequest* |         |    |
|         | *RRCSet    |            |            |         |    |
|         | upRequest* |            |            |         |    |
|         | on NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4 within   |            |            |         |    |
|         | the next   |            |            |         |    |
|         | 60 s?      |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 25      | SS adjusts | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | cell       |            |            |         |    |
|         | levels     |            |            |         |    |
|         | according  |            |            |         |    |
|         | to row T2  |            |            |         |    |
|         | of table   |            |            |         |    |
|         | 6.5        |            |            |         |    |
|         | .2.2.3.2-1 |            |            |         |    |
|         | for FR1    |            |            |         |    |
|         | and table  |            |            |         |    |
|         | 6.5        |            |            |         |    |
|         | .2.2.3.2-2 |            |            |         |    |
|         | for FR2.   |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 26      | Check:     | \--\>      | NR RRC:    | 2       | P  |
|         | Does the   |            | *RRCSet    |         |    |
|         | UE send a  |            | upRequest* |         |    |
|         | *RRCSet    |            |            |         |    |
|         | upRequest* |            |            |         |    |
|         | on NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 2?         |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 27-44a1 | Steps 3 to | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | 20a1 of    |            |            |         |    |
|         | the        |            |            |         |    |
|         | re         |            |            |         |    |
|         | gistration |            |            |         |    |
|         | procedure  |            |            |         |    |
|         | described  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in TS      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |    |
|         | \[4\]      |            |            |         |    |
|         | subclause  |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4.5.2.2    |            |            |         |    |
|         | are        |            |            |         |    |
|         | performed  |            |            |         |    |
|         | on NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 2.         |            |            |         |    |
|         |            |            |            |         |    |
|         | NOTE: The  |            |            |         |    |
|         | UE         |            |            |         |    |
|         | completes  |            |            |         |    |
|         | re         |            |            |         |    |
|         | gistration |            |            |         |    |
|         | and the    |            |            |         |    |
|         | RRC        |            |            |         |    |
|         | connection |            |            |         |    |
|         | is         |            |            |         |    |
|         | released.  |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 45      | The UE is  | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | switched   |            |            |         |    |
|         | off by     |            |            |         |    |
|         | executing  |            |            |         |    |
|         | generic    |            |            |         |    |
|         | procedure  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in Table   |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4.9.6.1-1  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in TS      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |    |
|         | \[4\].     |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 46      | SS adjusts | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | cell       |            |            |         |    |
|         | levels     |            |            |         |    |
|         | according  |            |            |         |    |
|         | to row T3  |            |            |         |    |
|         | of table   |            |            |         |    |
|         | 6.5        |            |            |         |    |
|         | .2.2.3.2-1 |            |            |         |    |
|         | for FR1    |            |            |         |    |
|         | and table  |            |            |         |    |
|         | 6.5        |            |            |         |    |
|         | .2.2.3.2-2 |            |            |         |    |
|         | for FR2.   |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 47      | Power on   | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | the UE.    |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 48      | Check:     | \--\>      | NR RRC:    | 3       | P  |
|         | Does the   |            | *RRCSet    |         |    |
|         | UE send a  |            | upRequest* |         |    |
|         | *RRCSet    |            |            |         |    |
|         | upRequest* |            |            |         |    |
|         | on NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 11?        |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 49-66a1 | Steps 3 to | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | 20a1 of    |            |            |         |    |
|         | the        |            |            |         |    |
|         | re         |            |            |         |    |
|         | gistration |            |            |         |    |
|         | procedure  |            |            |         |    |
|         | described  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in TS      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |    |
|         | \[4\]      |            |            |         |    |
|         | subclause  |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4.5.2.2    |            |            |         |    |
|         | are        |            |            |         |    |
|         | performed  |            |            |         |    |
|         | on NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 11.        |            |            |         |    |
|         |            |            |            |         |    |
|         | NOTE: The  |            |            |         |    |
|         | UE         |            |            |         |    |
|         | performs   |            |            |         |    |
|         | re         |            |            |         |    |
|         | gistration |            |            |         |    |
|         | and the    |            |            |         |    |
|         | RRC        |            |            |         |    |
|         | connection |            |            |         |    |
|         | is         |            |            |         |    |
|         | released.  |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+

##### 6.5.2.2.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-81 .H6}

Table 6.5.2.2.3.3-1A: REGISTRATION REQUEST (Preamble)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table **4.7.1-6**                                         
  ------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ---------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                     Value/Remark   Comment                Condition
  5GS registration type                                                                         
  5GS registration type value                             \'001\'B       Initial registration   
  5GMM capability                                                                               
  CAG                                                     '1'B           CAG supported          

Table 6.5.2.2.3.3-1: REGISTRATION ACCEPT (step 14, Table 6.5.2.2.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], table 4.7.1-7                                                                          
  --------------------------------------------------- ------------------------ --------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/Remark             Comment                                       Condition
  CAG information list                                2 entries                                                              
  Length of CAG information list contents             '0000 0000 0001 0010'B                                                 
  Entry 1                                                                      MCC: 002; MNC: 11; CAG only: 0; CAG-ID 1: 1   
  Length of entry contents                            '0000 1000'B                                                           
  MCC                                                 MCC of NR Cell 2         See Table 6.5.2.2.3.1-1                       
  MNC                                                 MNC of NR Cell 2         See Table 6.5.2.2.3.1-1                       
  CAG only                                            '0'B                                                                   
  CAG-ID 1                                            1                        CAG ID is coded as a 32 bit BITSTRING         
  Entry 2                                                                      MCC: 003; MNC: 21; CAG only: 1; CAG-ID 1: 4   
  Length of entry contents                            '0000 1000'B                                                           
  MCC                                                 MCC of NR Cell 4         See Table 6.5.2.2.3.1-1                       
  MNC                                                 MNC of NR Cell 4         See Table 6.5.2.2.3.1-1                       
  CAG only                                            '1'B                                                                   
  CAG-ID 1                                            4                        CAG ID is coded as a 32 bit BITSTRING         
  Equivalent PLMNs                                    PLMN2                                                                  

Table 6.5.2.2.3.3-2: REGISTRATION ACCEPT (Preamble)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], table 4.7.1-7                                      
  --------------------------------------------------- ------------------------ --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/Remark             Comment   Condition
  CAG information list                                                                   
  Length of CAG information list contents             '0000 0000 0000 0000'B             
  Entry 1                                             Not present                        

Table 6.5.2.2.3.3-3: SIB1 for NR Cell 2 (all steps in Table
6.5.2.2.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28 with condition CAG                                                                                  
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------- --------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                               Value/Remark                 Comment                                 Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                    
  cellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                       
  cellReservedForOtherUse                                                           true                                                                 
  npn-IdentityInfoList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF NPN-IdentityInfo-r16 {   1 entry                                                              
  NPN-IdentityInfo-r16\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                           entry 1                                 
  npn-IdentityList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF NPN-Identity-r16 {           1 entry                                                              
  NPN-Identity-r16\[1\] CHOICE {                                                                                 entry 1                                 
  pni-npn-r16 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                 
  plmn-Identity-r16 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                           
  mcc                                                                               002                          PLMN2 MCC                               
  mnc                                                                               11                           PLMN2 MNC                               
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  cag-IdentityList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxNPN-r16)) OF CAG-IdentityInfo-r16 {    1 entry                                                              
  CAG-IdentityInfo-r16\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                           entry 1                                 
  cag-Identity-r16                                                                  1                            CAG ID is coded as a 32 bit BITSTRING   
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  trackingAreaCode-r16                                                              TAC of NR Cell 2                                                     
  cellIdentity-r16                                                                  Cell Identity of NR Cell 2                                           
  cellReservedForOperatorUse-r16                                                    notReserved                                                          
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      

Table 6.5.2.2.3.3-4: SIB1 for NR Cell 4 (all steps in Table
6.5.2.2.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28 with condition CAG                                                                                  
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------- --------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                               Value/Remark                 Comment                                 Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                    
  cellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                       
  cellReservedForOtherUse                                                           true                                                                 
  npn-IdentityInfoList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF NPN-IdentityInfo-r16 {   1 entry                                                              
  NPN-IdentityInfo-r16\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                           entry 1                                 
  npn-IdentityList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF NPN-Identity-r16 {           1 entry                                                              
  NPN-Identity-r16\[1\] CHOICE {                                                                                 entry 1                                 
  pni-npn-r16 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                 
  plmn-Identity-r16 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                           
  mcc                                                                               003                          PLMN3 MCC                               
  mnc                                                                               21                           PLMN3 MNC                               
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  cag-IdentityList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxNPN-r16)) OF CAG-IdentityInfo-r16 {    1 entry                                                              
  CAG-IdentityInfo-r16\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                           entry 1                                 
  cag-Identity-r16                                                                  2                            CAG ID is coded as a 32 bit BITSTRING   
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  trackingAreaCode-r16                                                              TAC of NR Cell 4                                                     
  cellIdentity-r16                                                                  Cell Identity of NR Cell 4                                           
  cellReservedForOperatorUse-r16                                                    notReserved                                                          
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      

#### 6.5.2.3 CAG / Limited Service / No Suitable cell

##### 6.5.2.3.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-91 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-169 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic network selection mode provisioned with a
\"CAG information list" }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is switched on or returned to coverage, and a CAG cell
with a CAG-ID not present in the \"Allowed CAG list\" becomes available
}

**then** { UE does not select the CAG cell }

}

##### (2) {#section-170 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic network selection mode configured with
\"indication that the MS is only allowed to access 5GS via CAG cells\" }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is switched on and a cell which is not a CAG cell becomes
available, and there is an entry with the PLMN ID of the PLMN in the
\"CAG information list\" but the \"indication that the MS is only
allowed to access 5GS via CAG cells\" is included in the entry }

**then** { UE does not select the CAG cell }

}

##### (3) {#section-171 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic network selection mode provisioned with an
empty \"CAG information list" }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is switched on or returned to coverage, and a CAG cell
with a PLMN ID becomes available }

**then** { UE does not select the CAG cell }

}

##### 6.5.2.3.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-91 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 23.122 clause 3.5. Unless otherwise stated these are
Rel-16 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause 3.5\]

There are a number of situations in which the MS is unable to obtain
normal service from a PLMN or SNPN. These include:

...

i\) MS supporting CAG is camped on a CAG cell belonging to a PLMN, the
CAG-ID of the CAG cell is not manually selected by the user and none of
the CAG-ID(s) of the CAG cell are present in the \"Allowed CAG list\"
associated with that PLMN in the \"CAG information list\";

j\) MS supporting CAG is camped on a non-CAG cell belonging to a PLMN,
the PLMN ID of the non-CAG cell without a CAG-ID is not manually
selected by the user and the UE is configured with \"indication that the
MS is only allowed to access 5GS via CAG cells\" for that PLMN in the
\"CAG information list\"; and

k\) MS supporting CAG is camped on a CAG cell belonging to a PLMN, the
CAG-ID of the CAG cell is not manually selected by the user and the
\"CAG information list\" does not contain an entry for the PLMN (e.g.
because the UE is not (pre-)configured with a \"CAG information list\").

##### 6.5.2.3.3 Test description {#test-description-89 .H6}

##### 6.5.2.3.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-90 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-69 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2, NR Cell 4 and NR Cell 11.

\- NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 4 are CAG cells.

\- System information combination NR-2 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used for NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2, NR Cell 4 and NR Cell
11.

\- The PLMNs are identified in the test by the identifiers in Table
6.5.2.3.3.1-1 and the PLMN settings are defined in TS 36.523-1 \[13\]
table 6.0.1-1.

Table 6.5.2.3.3.1-1: PLMN identifiers

  NR Cell   PLMN name   CAG IDs
  --------- ----------- ---------
  1         PLMN1       \-
  2         PLMN1       1
  4         PLMN1       2
  11        PLMN1       \-

##### UE: {#ue-82 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic PLMN selection mode.

\- There is an empty "CAG information list" provisioned in the UE.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-86 .H6}

\- The UE is registered on NR Cell 1 using the procedure described in TS
38.508-1 \[4\] clause 4.5.2.2 except that the REGISTRATION ACCEPT
message includes an empty CAG information list before it is in state
Switched OFF (State 0N-B).

##### 6.5.2.3.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-87 .H6}

Table 6.5.2.3.3.2-1 for FR1 and 6.5.2.3.3.2-2 for FR2 illustrate the
downlink power levels to be applied for the cells at various time
instants of the test execution. Row marked \"T0\" denotes the initial
conditions after preamble, while columns marked \"T1\", \"T2\", \"T3\",
\"T3\" and \"T5\" are to be applied subsequently in the Main behaviour.
The exact instants on which these values shall be applied are described
in the texts in this clause. Cell powers are chosen for a serving cell
and a non-suitable "Off" cell as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table
6.2.2.1-3 for FR1 and Table 6.2.2.2-2 for FR2.

Table 6.5.2.3.3.2-1: Cell configuration changes over time for FR1

+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------+
|    | Parameter | Unit    | NR Cell 1 | NR Cell 2 | NR Cell 4 | NR Cell 11 | Remarks |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------+
| T0 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | \"Off\"   | \"Off\"   | -88       | \"Off\"    |         |
|    |           |         |           |           |           |            |         |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           |           |            |         |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -88       | \"Off\"   | \"Off\"   | \"Off\"    |         |
|    |           |         |           |           |           |            |         |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           |           |            |         |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | \"Off\"   | \"Off\"   | -88       | \"Off\"    |         |
|    |           |         |           |           |           |            |         |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           |           |            |         |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------+
| T3 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | \"Off\"   | -88       | \"Off\"   | \"Off\"    |         |
|    |           |         |           |           |           |            |         |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           |           |            |         |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------+
| T4 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | \"Off\"   | \"Off\"   | \"Off\"   | -88        |         |
|    |           |         |           |           |           |            |         |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           |           |            |         |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------+
| T5 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | \"Off\"   | -88       | \"Off\"   | \"Off\"    |         |
|    |           |         |           |           |           |            |         |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           |           |            |         |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------+

Table 6.5.2.3.3.2-2: Cell configuration changes over time for FR2

+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------+
|    | Parameter | Unit    | NR Cell 1 | NR Cell 2 | NR Cell 4 | NR Cell 11 | Remarks |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------+
| T0 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | \"Off\"   | \"Off\"   | -82       | \"Off\"    |         |
|    |           |         |           |           |           |            |         |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           |           |            |         |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -82       | \"Off\"   | \"Off\"   | \"Off\"    |         |
|    |           |         |           |           |           |            |         |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           |           |            |         |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | \"Off\"   | \"Off\"   | -82       | \"Off\"    |         |
|    |           |         |           |           |           |            |         |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           |           |            |         |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------+
| T3 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | \"Off\"   | -82       | \"Off\"   | \"Off\"    |         |
|    |           |         |           |           |           |            |         |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           |           |            |         |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------+
| T4 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | \"Off\"   | \"Off\"   | \"Off\"   | -82        |         |
|    |           |         |           |           |           |            |         |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           |           |            |         |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------+
| T5 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | \"Off\"   | -82       | \"Off\"   | \"Off\"    |         |
|    |           |         |           |           |           |            |         |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           |           |            |         |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+------------+---------+

Table 6.5.2.3.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| St      | Procedure  | Message    | TP         | Verdict |    |
|         |            | Sequence   |            |         |    |
+=========+============+============+============+=========+====+
|         |            | U - S      | Message    |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 1       | Power on   | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | the UE.    |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 2       | Check:     | \--\>      | NR RRC:    | 3       | F  |
|         | Does the   |            | *RRCSet    |         |    |
|         | UE send a  |            | upRequest* |         |    |
|         | *RRCSet    |            |            |         |    |
|         | upRequest* |            |            |         |    |
|         | on NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4 within   |            |            |         |    |
|         | the next   |            |            |         |    |
|         | 60 s?      |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 3       | SS adjusts | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | cell       |            |            |         |    |
|         | levels     |            |            |         |    |
|         | according  |            |            |         |    |
|         | to row T1  |            |            |         |    |
|         | of table   |            |            |         |    |
|         | 6.5        |            |            |         |    |
|         | .2.3.3.2-1 |            |            |         |    |
|         | for FR1    |            |            |         |    |
|         | and table  |            |            |         |    |
|         | 6.5        |            |            |         |    |
|         | .2.3.3.2-2 |            |            |         |    |
|         | for FR2.   |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 4-16    | Steps 1 to | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | 13 of the  |            |            |         |    |
|         | re         |            |            |         |    |
|         | gistration |            |            |         |    |
|         | procedure  |            |            |         |    |
|         | described  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in TS      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |    |
|         | \[4\]      |            |            |         |    |
|         | subclause  |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4.5.2.2    |            |            |         |    |
|         | are        |            |            |         |    |
|         | performed  |            |            |         |    |
|         | on NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 1.         |            |            |         |    |
|         |            |            |            |         |    |
|         | NOTE: The  |            |            |         |    |
|         | UE starts  |            |            |         |    |
|         | reg        |            |            |         |    |
|         | istration. |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 17      | The SS     | \<\--      | NR RRC:    | \-      | \- |
|         | transmits  |            | *DL        |         |    |
|         | a          |            | Informatio |         |    |
|         | *DL        |            | nTransfer* |         |    |
|         | Informatio |            |            |         |    |
|         | nTransfer* |            | 5G MM:     |         |    |
|         | message    |            | RE         |         |    |
|         | and a      |            | GISTRATION |         |    |
|         | RE         |            | ACCEPT     |         |    |
|         | GISTRATION |            |            |         |    |
|         | ACCEPT     |            |            |         |    |
|         | message    |            |            |         |    |
|         | containing |            |            |         |    |
|         | the CAG    |            |            |         |    |
|         | i          |            |            |         |    |
|         | nformation |            |            |         |    |
|         | list with  |            |            |         |    |
|         | the CAG ID |            |            |         |    |
|         | of NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 2.         |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 18-23a1 | Steps 15   | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | to 20a1 of |            |            |         |    |
|         | the        |            |            |         |    |
|         | re         |            |            |         |    |
|         | gistration |            |            |         |    |
|         | procedure  |            |            |         |    |
|         | described  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in TS      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |    |
|         | \[4\]      |            |            |         |    |
|         | subclause  |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4.5.2.2    |            |            |         |    |
|         | are        |            |            |         |    |
|         | performed  |            |            |         |    |
|         | on NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 1.         |            |            |         |    |
|         |            |            |            |         |    |
|         | NOTE: The  |            |            |         |    |
|         | UE         |            |            |         |    |
|         | completes  |            |            |         |    |
|         | re         |            |            |         |    |
|         | gistration |            |            |         |    |
|         | and the    |            |            |         |    |
|         | RRC        |            |            |         |    |
|         | connection |            |            |         |    |
|         | is         |            |            |         |    |
|         | released.  |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 24      | The UE is  | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | switched   |            |            |         |    |
|         | off by     |            |            |         |    |
|         | executing  |            |            |         |    |
|         | generic    |            |            |         |    |
|         | procedure  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in Table   |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4.9.6.1-1  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in TS      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |    |
|         | \[4\].     |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 25      | SS adjusts | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | cell       |            |            |         |    |
|         | levels     |            |            |         |    |
|         | according  |            |            |         |    |
|         | to row T2  |            |            |         |    |
|         | of table   |            |            |         |    |
|         | 6.5        |            |            |         |    |
|         | .2.3.3.2-1 |            |            |         |    |
|         | for FR1    |            |            |         |    |
|         | and table  |            |            |         |    |
|         | 6.5        |            |            |         |    |
|         | .2.3.3.2-2 |            |            |         |    |
|         | for FR2.   |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 26      | Power on   | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | the UE.    |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 27      | Check:     | \--\>      | NR RRC:    | 1       | F  |
|         | Does the   |            | *RRCSet    |         |    |
|         | UE send a  |            | upRequest* |         |    |
|         | *RRCSet    |            |            |         |    |
|         | upRequest* |            |            |         |    |
|         | on NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4 within   |            |            |         |    |
|         | the next   |            |            |         |    |
|         | 60 s?      |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 28      | SS adjusts | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | cell       |            |            |         |    |
|         | levels     |            |            |         |    |
|         | according  |            |            |         |    |
|         | to row T3  |            |            |         |    |
|         | of table   |            |            |         |    |
|         | 6.5        |            |            |         |    |
|         | .2.3.3.2-1 |            |            |         |    |
|         | for FR1    |            |            |         |    |
|         | and table  |            |            |         |    |
|         | 6.5        |            |            |         |    |
|         | .2.3.3.2-2 |            |            |         |    |
|         | for FR2.   |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 29-47a1 | Steps 1 to | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | 20a1 of    |            |            |         |    |
|         | the        |            |            |         |    |
|         | re         |            |            |         |    |
|         | gistration |            |            |         |    |
|         | procedure  |            |            |         |    |
|         | described  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in TS      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |    |
|         | \[4\]      |            |            |         |    |
|         | subclause  |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4.5.2.2    |            |            |         |    |
|         | are        |            |            |         |    |
|         | performed  |            |            |         |    |
|         | on NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 2.         |            |            |         |    |
|         |            |            |            |         |    |
|         | NOTE: The  |            |            |         |    |
|         | UE         |            |            |         |    |
|         | completes  |            |            |         |    |
|         | re         |            |            |         |    |
|         | gistration |            |            |         |    |
|         | and the    |            |            |         |    |
|         | RRC        |            |            |         |    |
|         | connection |            |            |         |    |
|         | is         |            |            |         |    |
|         | released.  |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 48      | The UE is  | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | switched   |            |            |         |    |
|         | off by     |            |            |         |    |
|         | executing  |            |            |         |    |
|         | generic    |            |            |         |    |
|         | procedure  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in Table   |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4.9.6.1-1  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in TS      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |    |
|         | \[4\].     |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 49      | SS adjusts | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | cell       |            |            |         |    |
|         | levels     |            |            |         |    |
|         | according  |            |            |         |    |
|         | to row T4  |            |            |         |    |
|         | of table   |            |            |         |    |
|         | 6.5        |            |            |         |    |
|         | .2.3.3.2-1 |            |            |         |    |
|         | for FR1    |            |            |         |    |
|         | and table  |            |            |         |    |
|         | 6.5        |            |            |         |    |
|         | .2.3.3.2-2 |            |            |         |    |
|         | for FR2.   |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 50      | Power on   | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | the UE.    |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 51      | Check:     | \--\>      | NR RRC:    | 2       | F  |
|         | Does the   |            | *RRCSet    |         |    |
|         | UE send a  |            | upRequest* |         |    |
|         | *RRCSet    |            |            |         |    |
|         | upRequest* |            |            |         |    |
|         | on NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 11 within  |            |            |         |    |
|         | the next   |            |            |         |    |
|         | 60 s?      |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 52      | SS adjusts | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | cell       |            |            |         |    |
|         | levels     |            |            |         |    |
|         | according  |            |            |         |    |
|         | to row T5  |            |            |         |    |
|         | of table   |            |            |         |    |
|         | 6.5        |            |            |         |    |
|         | .2.3.3.2-1 |            |            |         |    |
|         | for FR1    |            |            |         |    |
|         | and table  |            |            |         |    |
|         | 6.5        |            |            |         |    |
|         | .2.3.3.2-2 |            |            |         |    |
|         | for FR2.   |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 53-72a1 | Steps 1 to | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | 20a1 of    |            |            |         |    |
|         | the        |            |            |         |    |
|         | re         |            |            |         |    |
|         | gistration |            |            |         |    |
|         | procedure  |            |            |         |    |
|         | described  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in TS      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |    |
|         | \[4\]      |            |            |         |    |
|         | subclause  |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4.5.2.2    |            |            |         |    |
|         | are        |            |            |         |    |
|         | performed  |            |            |         |    |
|         | on NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 2.         |            |            |         |    |
|         |            |            |            |         |    |
|         | NOTE: The  |            |            |         |    |
|         | UE         |            |            |         |    |
|         | completes  |            |            |         |    |
|         | re         |            |            |         |    |
|         | gistration |            |            |         |    |
|         | and the    |            |            |         |    |
|         | RRC        |            |            |         |    |
|         | connection |            |            |         |    |
|         | is         |            |            |         |    |
|         | released.  |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+

##### 6.5.2.3.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-82 .H6}

Table 6.5.2.3.3.3-1: REGISTRATION REQUEST (Preamble)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table **4.7.1-6**                                         
  ------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ---------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                     Value/Remark   Comment                Condition
  5GS registration type                                                                         
  5GS registration type value                             \'001\'B       Initial registration   
  5GMM capability                                                                               
  CAG                                                     '1'B           CAG supported          

Table 6.5.2.3.3.3-2: REGISTRATION ACCEPT (Preamble)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], table 4.7.1-7                                      
  --------------------------------------------------- ------------------------ --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/Remark             Comment   Condition
  CAG information list                                                                   
  Length of CAG information list contents             '0000 0000 0000 0000'B             
  Entry 1                                             Not present                        

Table 6.5.2.3.3.3-3: REGISTRATION ACCEPT (step 17, Table 6.5.2.3.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], table 4.7.1-7                                                                              
  --------------------------------------------------- ------------------------ ------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/Remark             Comment                                           Condition
  CAG information list                                                         MCC : 001; MNC : 01; CAG only : 0; CAG-ID 1 : 1   
  Length of CAG information list contents             '0000 0000 0000 1001'B                                                     
  Entry 1                                                                                                                        
  Length of entry contents                            '0000 1000'B                                                               
  MCC                                                 MCC of NR Cell 2         See Table 6.5.2.3.3.1-1                           
  MNC                                                 MNC of NR Cell 2         See Table 6.5.2.3.3.1-1                           
  CAG only                                            '0'B                                                                       
  CAG-ID 1                                            1                        CAG ID is coded as a 32 bit BITSTRING             

Table 6.5.2.3.3.3-4: REGISTRATION ACCEPT (step 42, Table 6.5.2.3.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], table 4.7.1-7                                                                                                           
  --------------------------------------------------- ------------------------ ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/Remark             Comment                                                                        Condition
  CAG information list                                                         MCC : 001; MNC : 01; CAG only : 1; CAG-ID 1 : 1                                
  Length of CAG information list contents             '0000 0000 0000 1001'B                                                                                  
  Entry 1                                                                                                                                                     
  Length of entry contents                            '0000 1000'B                                                                                            
  MCC                                                 MCC of NR Cell 11        See Table 6.5.2.3.3.1-1                                                        
  MNC                                                 MNC of NR Cell 11        See Table 6.5.2.3.3.1-1                                                        
  CAG only                                            '1'B                     Indication that the UE is only allowed to access 5GS via CAG cells (CAGonly)   
  CAG-ID 1                                            1                        CAG ID is coded as a 32 bit BITSTRING                                          

Table 6.5.2.3.3.3-5: SIB1 for NR Cell 4 (all steps in Table
6.5.2.3.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28 with condition CAG                                                                                  
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------- --------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                               Value/Remark                 Comment                                 Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                    
  cellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                       
  cellReservedForOtherUse                                                           true                                                                 
  npn-IdentityInfoList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF NPN-IdentityInfo-r16 {   1 entry                                                              
  NPN-IdentityInfo-r16\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                           entry 1                                 
  npn-IdentityList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF NPN-Identity-r16 {           1 entry                                                              
  NPN-Identity-r16\[1\] CHOICE {                                                                                 entry 1                                 
  pni-npn-r16 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                 
  plmn-Identity-r16 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                           
  mcc                                                                               001                          PLMN1 MCC                               
  mnc                                                                               01                           PLMN1 MNC                               
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  cag-IdentityList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxNPN-r16)) OF CAG-IdentityInfo-r16 {    1 entry                                                              
  CAG-IdentityInfo-r16\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                           entry 1                                 
  cag-Identity-r16                                                                  2                            CAG ID is coded as a 32 bit BITSTRING   
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  trackingAreaCode-r16                                                              TAC of NR Cell 4                                                     
  cellIdentity-r16                                                                  Cell Identity of NR Cell 4                                           
  cellReservedForOperatorUse-r16                                                    notReserved                                                          
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      

Table 6.5.2.3.3.3-6: SIB1 for NR Cell 2 (all steps in Table
6.5.2.3.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28 with condition CAG                                                                                  
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------- --------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                               Value/Remark                 Comment                                 Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                    
  cellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                       
  cellReservedForOtherUse                                                           true                                                                 
  npn-IdentityInfoList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF NPN-IdentityInfo-r16 {   1 entry                                                              
  NPN-IdentityInfo-r16\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                           entry 1                                 
  npn-IdentityList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF NPN-Identity-r16 {           1 entry                                                              
  NPN-Identity-r16\[1\] CHOICE {                                                                                 entry 1                                 
  pni-npn-r16 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                 
  plmn-Identity-r16 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                           
  mcc                                                                               001                          PLMN1 MCC                               
  mnc                                                                               01                           PLMN1 MNC                               
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  cag-IdentityList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxNPN-r16)) OF CAG-IdentityInfo-r16 {    1 entry                                                              
  CAG-IdentityInfo-r16\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                           entry 1                                 
  cag-Identity-r16                                                                  1                            CAG ID is coded as a 32 bit BITSTRING   
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  trackingAreaCode-r16                                                              TAC of NR Cell 2                                                     
  cellIdentity-r16                                                                  Cell Identity of NR Cell 2                                           
  cellReservedForOperatorUse-r16                                                    notReserved                                                          
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      

Table 6.5.2.3.3.3-7: REGISTRATION ACCEPT (step 66, Table 6.5.2.3.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], table 4.7.1-7                                                                    
  --------------------------------------------------- ------------------------ --------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/Remark             Comment                                 Condition
  CAG information list                                                                                                 
  Length of CAG information list contents             '0000 0000 0000 1001'B                                           
  Entry 1                                                                                                              
  Length of entry contents                            '0000 1000'B                                                     
  MCC                                                 MCC of NR Cell 2         See Table 6.5.2.3.3.1-1                 
  MNC                                                 MNC of NR Cell 2         See Table 6.5.2.3.3.1-1                 
  CAG only                                            '0'B                                                             
  CAG-ID 1                                            1                        CAG ID is coded as a 32 bit BITSTRING   

#### 6.5.2.4 CAG / cell reselection / Within allowed CAG / non-CAG cell to CAG cell

##### 6.5.2.4.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-92 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-172 .H6}

with { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state on a non-CAG cell **and** UE's Allowed
CAG list is not empty }

ensure that {

when { UE detects an allowed CAG cell which becomes highest ranked cell
}

then { UE reselects to the CAG cell }

}

##### (2) {#section-173 .H6}

with { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

ensure that {

when { UE detects the cell re-selection criteria are met for the CAG
cell which belongs to the higher priority frequency }

then { UE reselects the cell which belongs to the higher priority
frequency }

}

##### 6.5.2.4.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-92 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 38.304: clauses 5.2.4.2, 5.2.4.5, 5.2.4.6 and 5.2.4.10.
Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-16 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.2\]

Following rules are used by the UE to limit needed measurements:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~IntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~IntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform intra-frequency
measurements.

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform intra-frequency measurements.

\- The UE shall apply the following rules for NR inter-frequencies and
inter-RAT frequencies which are indicated in system information and for
which the UE has priority provided as defined in 5.2.4.1:

\- For a NR inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequency with a reselection
priority higher than the reselection priority of the current NR
frequency, the UE shall perform measurements of higher priority NR
inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequencies according to TS 38.133 \[8\].

\- For a NR inter-frequency with an equal or lower reselection priority
than the reselection priority of the current NR frequency and for
inter-RAT frequency with lower reselection priority than the reselection
priority of the current NR frequency:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the UE may choose not to perform measurements of NR
inter-frequency cells of equal or lower priority, or inter-RAT frequency
cells of lower priority;

\- Otherwise, the UE shall perform measurements of NR inter-frequency
cells of equal or lower priority, or inter-RAT frequency cells of lower
priority according to TS 38.133 \[8\].

\- If the UE supports relaxed measurement and *relaxedMeasurement* is
present in *SIB2*, the UE may further relax the needed measurements, as
specified in clause 5.2.4.9.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.5\]

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is broadcast in system information and more
than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving
cell, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority NR or EUTRAN RAT/frequency fulfils Squal
\> Thresh~X,\ HighQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a higher priority NR frequency
or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- A cell of a higher priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \>
Thresh~X,\ HighP~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

\- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

Cell reselection to a cell on an equal priority NR frequency shall be
based on ranking for intra-frequency cell reselection as defined in
clause 5.2.4.6.

If ***threshServingLowQ*** is broadcast in system information and more
than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current serving
cell, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Squal \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~ and a cell
of a lower priority NR or E-UTRAN RAT/ frequency fulfils Squal \>
Thresh~X,\ LowQ~ during a time interval Treselection~RAT~.

Otherwise, cell reselection to a cell on a lower priority NR frequency
or inter-RAT frequency than the serving frequency shall be performed if:

\- The serving cell fulfils Srxlev \< Thresh~Serving,\ LowP~ and a cell
of a lower priority RAT/ frequency fulfils Srxlev \> Thresh~X,\ LowP~
during a time interval Treselection~RAT~; and

> \- More than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
> serving cell.

Cell reselection to a higher priority RAT/frequency shall take
precedence over a lower priority RAT/frequency if multiple cells of
different priorities fulfil the cell reselection criteria.

If more than one cell meets the above criteria, the UE shall reselect a
cell as follows:

\- If the highest-priority frequency is an NR frequency, the highest
ranked cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies)
meeting the criteria according to clause 5.2.4.6;

\- If the highest-priority frequency is from another RAT, the strongest
cell among the cells on the highest priority frequency(ies) meeting the
criteria of that RAT.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.6\]

The cell-ranking criterion R~s~ for serving cell and R~n~ for
neighbouring cells is defined by:

+-------------------------------------------+
| R~s~ = Q~meas,s~ +Q~hyst~ - Qoffset~temp~ |
|                                           |
| R~n~ = Q~meas,n~ -Qoffset - Qoffset~temp~ |
+-------------------------------------------+

where:

+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Q~meas~       | RSRP measurement quantity used in cell              |
|               | reselections.                                       |
+===============+=====================================================+
| Qoffset       | For intra-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~, if     |
|               | Qoffset~s,n~ is valid, otherwise this equals to     |
|               | zero.                                               |
|               |                                                     |
|               | For inter-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~ plus    |
|               | Qoffset~frequency~, if Qoffset~s,n~ is valid,       |
|               | otherwise this equals to Qoffset~frequency~.        |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset~temp~ | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as specified   |
|               | in TS 38.331 \[3\].                                 |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

The UE shall perform ranking of all cells that fulfil the cell selection
criterion S, which is defined in 5.2.3.2.

The cells shall be ranked according to the R criteria specified above by
deriving Q~meas,n~ and Q~meas,s~ and calculating the R values using
averaged RSRP results.

If *rangeToBestCell* is not configured, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell. If this cell is found to be
not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to clause 5.2.4.4.

If *rangeToBestCell* is configured*,* then the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the cell with the highest number of beams above the
threshold (i.e. *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation*) among the cells whose
R value is within *rangeToBestCell* of the R value of the highest ranked
cell. If there are multiple such cells, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell among them. If this cell is found
to be not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to clause 5.2.4.4.

In all cases, the UE shall reselect the new cell, only if the following
conditions are met:

\- the new cell is better than the serving cell according to the cell
reselection criteria specified above during a time interval
Treselection~RAT~;

\- more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

NOTE: If *rangeToBestCell* is configured but
*absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* is not configured on an NR frequency,
the UE considers that there is one beam above the threshold for each
cell on that frequency.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.10\]

In addition to normal cell reselection, a UE may optionally use an
autonomous search function to detect CAG cells on serving and
non-serving frequencies. However UE shall follow the cell reselection
criteria based on dedicated frequency priorities and only follow the
autonomous cell search result if the result fulfils also the existing
cell reselection criteria based on dedicated frequency priorities.

##### 6.5.2.4.3 Test description {#test-description-90 .H6}

##### 6.5.2.4.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-91 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-70 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 3 and NR Cell 6.

\- NR Cell 3 and NR Cell 6 are CAG cells.

\- System information combination NR-4 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used for NR Cell 1, NR Cell 3 and NR Cell 6.

\- The PLMNs are identified in the test by the identifiers in Table
6.5.2.4.3.1-1 and the PLMN settings are defined in TS 36.523-1 \[13\]
table 6.0.1-1.

Table 6.5.2.4.3.1--1: PLMN and CAG identifiers

  NR Cell   PLMN name   CAG IDs
  --------- ----------- ---------
  1         PLMN 1      \-
  3         PLMN 2      1
  6         PLMN 2      2

##### UE: {#ue-83 .H6}

\- None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-87 .H6}

\- The UE is registered on NR Cell 1 and is brought to state 1N-A,
RRC\_IDLE Connectivity (NR), in accordance with the procedure described
in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.5.2.2-2, except that the REGISTRATION
ACCEPT message includes CAG information list with CAG-ID 1 and CAG-ID 2,
and that the REGISTRATION ACCEPT message indicates PLMN2 in the
Equivalent PLMN list as described in Table 6.5.2.4.3.3-1.

##### 6.5.2.4.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-88 .H6}

Table 6.5.2.4.3.2-1/2 shows the cell configurations used during the
test. The configuration T0 indicates the initial conditions for
preamble. Subsequent configurations marked "T1" and "T2" are applied at
the points indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table
6.5.2.4.3.2-3. Cell powers are chosen for a serving cell and a
non-suitable "Off" cell as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.2.2.1-3
for FR1 and Table 6.2.2.2-2 for FR2.

Table 6.5.2.4.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+-------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| ** ** | **Para  | *       | **NR    | **NR    | **NR    | **Re    |
|       | meter** | *Unit** | Cell    | Cell    | Cell    | marks** |
|       |         |         | 1**     | 3**     | 6**     |         |
+=======+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0    | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | \"Off\" | \"Off\" | The     |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|       | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|       | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ensure  |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | the UE  |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | reg     |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | istered |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | on NR   |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1. |
+-------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1    | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | -78     | \"Off\" | The     |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|       | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|       | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | R~NR\ C |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | \<      |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | R       |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ~NR\ Ce |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 3~. |
+-------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2    | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | \"Off\" | -78     | -78     | The     |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|       | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|       | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | Srxle   |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | v~NR\ C |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | \< 0    |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | and     |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | Srxle   |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | v~NR\ C |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 6~ |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | \>      |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | Thresh  |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ~NR\ Ce |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 6,\ |
|       |         |         |         |         |         |  high~. |
+-------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.5.2.4.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+-------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| ** ** | **Para  | *       | **NR    | **NR    | **NR    | **Re    |
|       | meter** | *Unit** | Cell    | Cell    | Cell    | marks** |
|       |         |         | 1**     | 3**     | 6**     |         |
+=======+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0    | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | \"Off\" | \"Off\" | The     |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|       | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|       | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ensure  |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | the UE  |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | reg     |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | istered |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | on NR   |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1. |
+-------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1    | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     |         | \"Off\" | The     |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|       | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|       | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | R~NR\ C |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | \<      |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | R       |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ~NR\ Ce |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 3~. |
+-------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2    | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | \"Off\" | -82     | -82     | The     |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|       | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|       | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | Srxle   |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | v~NR\ C |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | \< 0    |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | and     |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | Srxle   |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | v~NR\ C |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 6~ |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | \>      |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | Thresh  |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ~NR\ Ce |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 6,\ |
|       |         |         |         |         |         |  high~. |
+-------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.5.2.4.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  **St**                                                                                                        **Procedure**                                                                                                                                 **Message Sequence**   **TP**                      **Verdict**   
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------- --------------------------- ------------- ----
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              **U - S**              **Message**                               
  1                                                                                                             The SS changes cell power levels according to row \"T1\" in Table 6.5.2.4.3.2-1 for FR1 and Table 6.5.2.4.3.2-2 for FR2.                      \-                     \-                          \-            \-
  2                                                                                                             Check: Does the UE transmit an *RRCSetupRequest* message on NR Cell 3?                                                                        \--\>                  NR RRC: *RRCSetupRequest*   1             P
  3-7a1                                                                                                         Steps 2 to 6a1 of the mobility registration updating procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.5.2.2-1 are performed on NR Cell 3.   \-                     \-                          \-            \-
  8                                                                                                             SS adjusts cell levels according to row T2 of table 6.5.2.4.3.2-1/2.                                                                          \-                     \-                          \-            \-
  9                                                                                                             Wait for 34(FR1)/130(FR2) seconds to allow UE to recognise the change.                                                                        \-                     \-                          \-            \-
  10                                                                                                            Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.4.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 6?     \-                     \-                          2             \-
  Note: The wait time at step 9 is K~carrier~\*T~detect,NR\_Inter~ (as per TS 38.133 \[30\], clause 4.2.2.4).                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

##### 6.5.2.4.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-83 .H6}

Table 6.5.2.4.3.3-1A: REGISTRATION REQUEST (Preamble)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table **4.7.1-6**                                         
  ------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ---------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                     Value/Remark   Comment                Condition
  5GS registration type                                                                         
  5GS registration type value                             \'001\'B       Initial registration   
  5GMM capability                                                                               
  CAG                                                     '1'B           CAG supported          

Table 6.5.2.4.3.3-1: REGISTRATION ACCEPT for NR Cell 1 (preamble)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], table 4.7.1-7                                                                                       
  --------------------------------------------------- ------------------------ ---------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/Remark             Comment                                                    Condition
  CAG information list                                                         MCC: 002; MNC: 11; CAG only: 0; CAG-ID 1: 1; CAG-ID 2: 2   
  Length of CAG information list contents             '0000 0000 0000 1101'B                                                              
  Entry 1                                                                                                                                 
  Length of entry contents                            '0000 1100'B                                                                        
  MCC                                                 MCC of PLMN 2            See Table 6.5.2.4.3.1--1                                   
  MNC                                                 MNC of PLMN 2            See Table 6.5.2.4.3.1--1                                   
  CAG only                                            '0'B                                                                                
  CAG-ID 1                                            1                        CAG ID is coded as a 32 bit BITSTRING                      
  CAG-ID 2                                            2                        CAG ID is coded as a 32 bit BITSTRING                      
  Equivalent PLMNs                                    PLMN2                                                                               

Table 6.5.2.4.3.3-2: *SIB2 of NR Cell 6 (*preamble and all steps, Table
6.5.2.4.3.2-3*)*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB2 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {                                    
  threshServingLowP                                   10             20 dB     
  cellReselectionPriority                             5                        
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            

Table 6.5.2.4.3.3-3: *SIB4 of NR Cell 3 (*preamble and all steps, Table
6.5.2.4.3.2-3*)*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                           
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                   Value/remark                                Comment   Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                         
  interFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo {   1 entry                                               
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                          entry 1   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 6             
  threshX-HighP                                                                         10                                          20 dB     FR1
                                                                                        9                                           18 dB     FR2
  cellReselectionPriority                                                               5                                                     
  }                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                           

Table 6.5.2.4.3.3-4: *SIB4 of NR Cell 1 (*preamble and all steps, Table
6.5.2.4.3.2-3*)*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                           
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                   Value/remark                                Comment   Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                         
  interFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo {   2 entries                                             
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                          entry 1   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 6             
  cellReselectionPriority                                                               5                                                     
  }                                                                                                                                           
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                          entry 2   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 3             
  cellReselectionPriority                                                               4                                                     
  }                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                           

Table 6.5.2.4.3.3-5: SIB1 for NR Cell 3 (preamble and all steps, Table
6.5.2.4.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28 with condition CAG                                                                                  
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------- --------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                               Value/Remark                 Comment                                 Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                    
  cellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                       
  cellReservedForOtherUse                                                           true                                                                 
  npn-IdentityInfoList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF NPN-IdentityInfo-r16 {   1 entry                                                              
  NPN-IdentityInfo-r16\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                           entry 1                                 
  npn-IdentityList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF NPN-Identity-r16 {           1 entry                                                              
  NPN-Identity-r16\[1\] CHOICE {                                                                                 entry 1                                 
  pni-npn-r16 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                 
  plmn-Identity-r16 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                           
  mcc                                                                               002                          PLMN2 MCC                               
  mnc                                                                               11                           PLMN2 MNC                               
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  cag-IdentityList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxNPN-r16)) OF CAG-IdentityInfo-r16 {    1 entry                                                              
  CAG-IdentityInfo-r16\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                           entry 1                                 
  cag-identity-r16                                                                  1                            CAG ID is coded as a 32 bit BITSTRING   
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  trackingAreaCode-r16                                                              TAC of NR Cell 3                                                     
  cellIdentity-r16                                                                  Cell Identity of NR Cell 3                                           
  cellReservedForOperatorUse-r16                                                    notReserved                                                          
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      

Table 6.5.2.4.3.3-6: SIB1 for NR Cell 6 (preamble and all steps, Table
6.5.2.4.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28 with condition CAG                                                                                  
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------- --------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                               Value/Remark                 Comment                                 Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                    
  cellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                       
  cellReservedForOtherUse                                                           true                                                                 
  npn-IdentityInfoList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF NPN-IdentityInfo-r16 {   1 entry                                                              
  NPN-IdentityInfo-r16\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                           entry 1                                 
  npn-IdentityList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF NPN-Identity-r16 {           1 entry                                                              
  NPN-Identity-r16\[1\] CHOICE {                                                                                 entry 1                                 
  pni-npn-r16 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                 
  plmn-Identity-r16 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                           
  mcc                                                                               002                          PLMN2 MCC                               
  mnc                                                                               11                           PLMN2 MNC                               
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  cag-IdentityList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxNPN-r16)) OF CAG-IdentityInfo-r16 {    1 entry                                                              
  CAG-IdentityInfo-r16\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                           entry 1                                 
  cag-identity-r16                                                                  2                            CAG ID is coded as a 32 bit BITSTRING   
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  trackingAreaCode-r16                                                              TAC of NR Cell 6                                                     
  cellIdentity-r16                                                                  Cell Identity of NR Cell 6                                           
  cellReservedForOperatorUse-r16                                                    notReserved                                                          
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      

#### 6.5.2.5 Void

#### 6.5.2.6 CAG / cell reservation

##### 6.5.2.6.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-93 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-174 .H6}

with { UE in Automatic network selection mode and provisioned with \"CAG
information list\" }

ensure that {

when { UE is switched on or returns to coverage, and a cell which is not
a CAG cell with cell status "true" for other use becomes available }

then { UE does not attempt to reselect to the higher ranked cell }

}

##### (2) {#section-175 .H6}

with { UE camped normally in state NR RRC\_IDLE on a CAG cell and UE's
Allowed CAG list is not empty }

ensure that {

when { a higher ranked CAG cell is found with cell status as "not
barred" and "not reserved" for operator use and "true" for other use,
and not "true" for future use }

then { UE does reselect to the higher ranked cell }

}

##### 6.5.2.6.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-93 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 38.304: clauses 5.2.4.4, 5.2.4.6 and 5.3.1. Unless
otherwise stated these are Rel-16 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.4\]

For the highest ranked cell (including serving cell) according to cell
reselection criteria specified in clause 5.2.4.6, for the best cell
according to absolute priority reselection criteria specified in clause
5.2.4.5, the UE shall check if the access is restricted according to the
rules in clause 5.3.1.

If that cell and other cells have to be excluded from the candidate
list, as stated in clause 5.3.1, the UE shall not consider these as
candidates for cell reselection. This limitation shall be removed when
the highest ranked cell changes.

If the highest ranked cell or best cell according to absolute priority
reselection rules is an intra-frequency or inter-frequency cell which is
not suitable due to one or more of the following reasons:

\- this cell belongs to a PLMN which is not indicated as being
equivalent to the registered PLMN, or

\- this cell is a CAG cell that belongs to a PLMN which is equivalent to
the registered PLMN but with no CAG-ID that is present in the UE\'s
allowed CAG list being broadcasted, or

\- this cell is not a CAG cell and the CAG-only indication in the UE is
set, or

\- this cell does not belong to a SNPN that is equal to the registered
or selected SNPN of the UE in SNPN access mode,

the UE shall not consider this cell and, for operation in licensed
spectrum, other cells on the same frequency as candidates for
reselection for a maximum of 300 seconds.

For operation with shared spectrum channel access, when the highest
ranked cell or best cell is not a candidate for reselection per the
previous paragraph, the UE should continue to consider other cells on
the same frequency for cell reselection, however if the second highest
ranked cell on this frequency is also not suitable due to one or more of
the above reasons, the UE may consider this frequency to be the lowest
priority for a maximum of 300 seconds.

If the highest ranked cell or best cell according to absolute priority
reselection rules is an intra-frequency or inter-frequency cell which is
not suitable due to being part of the \"list of 5GS forbidden TAs for
roaming\", the UE shall not consider this cell and other cells on the
same frequency as candidates for reselection for a maximum of 300
seconds.

If the highest ranked cell or best cell according to absolute priority
reselection rules is an inter-RAT cell which is not suitable due to
being part of the \"list of forbidden TAs for roaming\" or belonging to
a PLMN which is not indicated as being equivalent to the registered
PLMN, the UE shall not consider this cell and other cells on the same
frequency, as candidates for reselection for a maximum of 300 seconds.

If the UE enters into state *any cell selection*, any limitation shall
be removed. If the UE is redirected under NR control to a frequency for
which the timer is running, the limitation(s) on that frequency shall be
removed.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.6\]

The cell-ranking criterion R~s~ for serving cell and R~n~ for
neighbouring cells is defined by:

+-------------------------------------------+
| R~s~ = Q~meas,s~ +Q~hyst~ - Qoffset~temp~ |
|                                           |
| R~n~ = Q~meas,n~ -Qoffset - Qoffset~temp~ |
+-------------------------------------------+

where:

+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Q~meas~       | RSRP measurement quantity used in cell              |
|               | reselections.                                       |
+===============+=====================================================+
| Qoffset       | For intra-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~, if     |
|               | Qoffset~s,n~ is valid, otherwise this equals to     |
|               | zero.                                               |
|               |                                                     |
|               | For inter-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~ plus    |
|               | Qoffset~frequency~, if Qoffset~s,n~ is valid,       |
|               | otherwise this equals to Qoffset~frequency~.        |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset~temp~ | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as specified   |
|               | in TS 38.331 \[3\].                                 |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

The UE shall perform ranking of all cells that fulfil the cell selection
criterion S, which is defined in 5.2.3.2.

The cells shall be ranked according to the R criteria specified above by
deriving Q~meas,n~ and Q~meas,s~ and calculating the R values using
averaged RSRP results.

If *rangeToBestCell* is not configured, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell. If this cell is found to be
not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to subclause 5.2.4.4.

If *rangeToBestCell* is configured*,* then the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the cell with the highest number of beams above the
threshold (i.e. *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation*) among the cells whose
R value is within *rangeToBestCell* of the R value of the highest ranked
cell. If there are multiple such cells, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell among them. If this cell is found
to be not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to subclause 5.2.4.4.

In all cases, the UE shall reselect the new cell, only if the following
conditions are met:

\- the new cell is better than the serving cell according to the cell
reselection criteria specified above during a time interval
Treselection~RAT~;

\- more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.3.1\]

Cell status and cell reservations are indicated in the *MIB or SIB1*
message as specified in TS 38.331 \[3\] by means of following fields:

\- ***cellBarred*** (IE type: \"barred\" or \"not barred\")\
Indicated in *MIB* message. In case of multiple PLMNs or NPNs indicated
in *SIB1*, this field is common for all PLMNs and NPNs

\- ***cellReservedForOperatorUse*** (IE type: \"reserved\" or \"not
reserved\")\
Indicated in *SIB1* message*.* In case of multiple PLMNs or NPNs
indicated in *SIB1*, this field is specified per PLMN or per SNPN.

\- ***cellReservedForOtherUse*** (IE type: \"true\")\
Indicated in *SIB1* message. In case of multiple PLMNs indicated in
*SIB1*, this field is common for all PLMNs.

***- cellReservedForFutureUse*** (IE type: \"true\")\
Indicated in *SIB1* message. In case of multiple PLMNs or NPNs indicated
in *SIB1*, this field is common for all PLMNs and NPNs.

NOTE 0: IAB-MT ignores the ***cellBarred*, *cellReservedForOperatorUse,
cellReservedForFutureUse* and** *intraFreqReselection* **(i.e. treats
*intraFreqReselection* as if it was set to *allowed*) as defined in** TS
38.331 \[3\]. IAB-MT also **ignores *cellReservedForOtherUse* for cell
barring determination (i.e. NPN capable IAB-MT considers
*cellReservedForOtherUse* for determination of an NPN-only cell) as
defined in** TS 38.331 \[3\].

\- ***iab-Support*** (IE type: \"true\")\
Indicated in *SIB1* message. In case of multiple PLMNs or NPNs indicated
in *SIB1*, this field is specified per PLMN or per SNPN.

When cell status is indicated as \"not barred\" and \"not reserved\" for
operator use and not \"true\" for other use and not \"true\" for future
use,

\- All UEs shall treat this cell as candidate during the cell selection
and cell reselection procedures.

When cell broadcasts any CAG-IDs or NIDs and the cell status is
indicated as \"not barred\" and \"not reserved\" for operator use and
\"true\" for other use, and not \"true\" for future use:

\- All NPN-capable UEs shall treat this cell as candidate during the
cell selection and cell reselection procedures, other UEs shall treat
this cell as if cell status is \"barred\".

When cell status is indicated as \"true\" for other use, and either cell
does not broadcast any CAG-IDs or NIDs or does not broadcast any CAG-IDs
and the UE is not operating in SNPN Access Mode,

\- The UE ***shall treat this cell as if cell status is \"barred\"***.

When cell status is indicated as \"true\" for future use,

\- The UE shall treat this cell as if cell status is \"barred\".

When cell status is indicated as \"not barred\" and \"reserved\" for
operator use for any PLMN/SNPN and not \"true\" for other use and not
\"true\" for future use,

\- UEs assigned to Access Identity 11 or 15 operating in their
HPLMN/EHPLMN shall treat this cell as candidate during the cell
selection and reselection procedures if the field
***cellReservedForOperatorUse for that PLMN set to \"reserved\".***

\- UEs assigned to Access Identity 11 or 15 shall treat this cell as
candidate during the cell selection and reselection procedures if the
field ***cellReservedForOperatorUse for*** selected/registered SNPN
***is set to \"reserved\".***

***- UEs assigned to an*** Access Identity ***0, 1, 2 and 12 to 14 shall
behave as if the cell status is \"barred\" in case the cell is
\"reserved for operator use\" for the registered PLMN/SNPN or the
selected PLMN/SNPN.***

NOTE 1: Access Identities 11, 15 are only valid for use in the HPLMN/
EHPLMN; Access Identities 12, 13, 14 are only valid for use in the home
country as specified in TS 22.261 \[12\].

When cell status \"barred\" is indicated or to be treated as if the cell
status is \"barred\",

\- The UE is not permitted to select/reselect this cell, not even for
emergency calls.

\- The UE shall select another cell according to the following rule:

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to being unable to acquire the *MIB*:

\- the UE may exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for up to 300 seconds.

\- the UE may select another cell on the same frequency if the selection
criteria are fulfilled.

\- else:

\- If the field *intraFreqReselection* in *MIB* message is set to
\"allowed\":

\- the UE may select another cell on the same frequency if re-selection
criteria are fulfilled;

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to being unable to acquire the *SIB1*:

\- the UE may exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for up to 300 seconds;

\- else:

\- the UE shall exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for 300 seconds.

\- If the field *intraFreqReselection* in *MIB* message is set to \"not
allowed\":

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to being unable to acquire the *SIB1*:

\- the UE may exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for up to 300 seconds;

\- If the cell operates in licensed spectrum:

\- the UE shall not re-select to another cell on the same frequency as
the barred cell and exclude such cell(s) as candidate(s) for cell
selection/reselection for 300 seconds;

\- else:

\- the UE may select to another cell on the same frequency if the
reselection criteria are fulfilled.

\- else:

\- If the cell operates in licensed spectrum, or if this cell belongs to
a PLMN which is indicated as being equivalent to the registered PLMN or
the selected PLMN of the UE, or if this cell belongs to the registered
SNPN or the selected SNPN of the UE:

\- the UE shall not re-select to another cell on the same frequency as
the barred cell and exclude such cell(s) as candidate(s) for cell
selection/reselection for 300 second**s**;

\- else:

\- the UE may select to another cell on the same frequency if the
reselection criteria are fulfilled.

\- the UE shall exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for 300 seconds.

The cell selection of another cell may also include a change of RAT.

NOTE 2: If barring of a cell is triggered by the condition of
*trackingAreaCode* not being provided, as specified in TS 38.331 \[3\],
the barring only applies to this PLMN and the UE can re-evaluate the
barring condition again due to selection of another PLMN*.*

##### 6.5.2.6.3 Test description {#test-description-91 .H6}

##### 6.5.2.6.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-92 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-71 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 3 and NR Cell 6.

\- NR Cell 3 and NR Cell 6 are CAG cells.

\- System information combination NR-4 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used for NR Cell 1, NR Cell 3 and NR Cell 6.

\- The PLMNs are identified in the test by the identifiers in Table
6.5.2.6.3.1-1 and the PLMN settings are defined in TS 36.523-1 \[13\]
table 6.0.1-1.

\- NR Cell 6 TAC is set to TAC=2.

Table 6.5.2.6.3.1--1: PLMN and CAG identifiers

  NR Cell   PLMN name   CAG IDs
  --------- ----------- ---------
  1         PLMN 1      \-
  3         PLMN 2      1
  6         PLMN 2      2

##### UE: {#ue-84 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic PLMN selection mode.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-88 .H6}

\- The UE is registered on NR Cell 1 using the procedure described in TS
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.5.2.2-2, except that the REGISTRATION ACCEPT
message includes CAG information list with CAG-ID 1 and CAG-ID 2 before
it is in state Switched OFF (State 0N-B).

##### 6.5.2.6.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-89 .H6}

Table 6.5.2.6.3.2-1/2 shows the cell configurations used during the
test. The configuration T0 indicates the initial conditions for
preamble. Subsequent configurations marked "T1", "T2" and "T3" are
applied at the points indicated in the Main behaviour description in
Table 6.5.2.6.3.2-3. Cell powers are chosen for a serving cell and a
non-suitable "Off" cell as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.2.2.1-3
for FR1 and Table 6.2.2.2-2 for FR2.

Table 6.5.2.6.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+-------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| ** ** | **Para  | *       | **NR    | **NR    | **NR    | **Re    |
|       | meter** | *Unit** | Cell    | Cell    | Cell    | marks** |
|       |         |         | 1**     | 3**     | 6**     |         |
+=======+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0    | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | \"Off\" | \"Off\" | The     |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|       | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|       | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ensure  |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | the UE  |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | reg     |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | istered |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | on NR   |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1. |
+-------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1    | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | -88     | \"Off\" |         |
|       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|       | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|       | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+-------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2    | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | \"Off\" | -88     | -78     | The     |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|       | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|       | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | R~NR\ C |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 3~ |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | \<      |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | R       |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ~NR\ Ce |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 6~. |
+-------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T3    | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | \"Off\" | -88     | \"Off\" |         |
|       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|       | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|       | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+-------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.5.2.6.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+-------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| ** ** | **Para  | *       | **NR    | **NR    | **NR    | **Re    |
|       | meter** | *Unit** | Cell    | Cell    | Cell    | marks** |
|       |         |         | 1**     | 3**     | 6**     |         |
+=======+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0    | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | \"Off\" | \"Off\" | The     |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|       | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|       | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ensure  |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | the UE  |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | reg     |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | istered |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | on NR   |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1. |
+-------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1    | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | -91     | \"Off\" |         |
|       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|       | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|       | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+-------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2    | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | \"Off\" | -91     | -82     | The     |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|       | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|       | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | R~NR\ C |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 3~ |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | \<      |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | R       |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ~NR\ Ce |
|       |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 6~. |
+-------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T3    | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | \"Off\" | -91     | \"Off\" |         |
|       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|       | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|       | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+-------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.5.2.6.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| **St**    | **Pr      | **Message | **TP**    | **        |    |
|           | ocedure** | S         |           | Verdict** |    |
|           |           | equence** |           |           |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+====+
|           |           | **U - S** | **        |           |    |
|           |           |           | Message** |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 1         | The SIB1  | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | for NR    |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell 1 is |           |           |           |    |
|           | updated   |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to Table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.5.2     |           |           |           |    |
|           | .6.3.3-2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 1A        | Wait for  | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | 2.1\*     |           |           |           |    |
|           | mod       |           |           |           |    |
|           | ification |           |           |           |    |
|           | period    |           |           |           |    |
|           | second    |           |           |           |    |
|           | for the   |           |           |           |    |
|           | SS to     |           |           |           |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |           |    |
|           | modified  |           |           |           |    |
|           | system    |           |           |           |    |
|           | inf       |           |           |           |    |
|           | ormation. |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 1)  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 2         | The UE is | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | switched  |           |           |           |    |
|           | on.       |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 3         | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1         | F  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |           |    |
|           | UE        |           | pRequest* |           |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |           |    |
|           | a         |           |           |           |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |           |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |           |    |
|           | message   |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1    |           |           |           |    |
|           | within    |           |           |           |    |
|           | 60s ?     |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 4         | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | changes   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | power     |           |           |           |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row    |           |           |           |    |
|           | \"T1\" in |           |           |           |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.5.      |           |           |           |    |
|           | 2.6.3.2-1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | for FR1   |           |           |           |    |
|           | and Table |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.5.      |           |           |           |    |
|           | 2.6.3.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | for FR2.  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 5-22a1    | Steps     | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | 2-20a1 of |           |           |           |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 3.   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 23        | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row T2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.5.2.6   |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 24        | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 2         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |           |    |
|           | UE        |           | pRequest* |           |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |           |    |
|           | a         |           |           |           |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |           |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |           |    |
|           | message   |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 6.   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 25-29     | Steps     | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | 2-6a1 of  |           |           |           |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |           |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 6.   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 30        | Void      | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 31        | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row T3 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.5.2.6   |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 32-36     | Steps 1   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | to 5 of   |           |           |           |    |
|           | the       |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | test      |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |           |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | are       |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 3.   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| The       |           |           |           |           |    |
| mod       |           |           |           |           |    |
| ification |           |           |           |           |    |
| period,   |           |           |           |           |    |
| expressed |           |           |           |           |    |
| in number |           |           |           |           |    |
| of radio  |           |           |           |           |    |
| frames =  |           |           |           |           |    |
| modif     |           |           |           |           |    |
| icationPe |           |           |           |           |    |
| riodCoeff |           |           |           |           |    |
| \*        |           |           |           |           |    |
| d         |           |           |           |           |    |
| efaultPag |           |           |           |           |    |
| ingCycle. |           |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+

##### 6.5.2.6.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-84 .H6}

Table 6.5.2.6.3.3-1A: REGISTRATION REQUEST (Preamble)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table **4.7.1-6**                                         
  ------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ---------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                     Value/Remark   Comment                Condition
  5GS registration type                                                                         
  5GS registration type value                             \'001\'B       Initial registration   
  5GMM capability                                                                               
  CAG                                                     '1'B           CAG supported          

Table 6.5.2.6.3.3-1: REGISTRATION ACCEPT for NR Cell 1 (preamble)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], table 4.7.1-7                                                                                           
  --------------------------------------------------- ------------------------ -------------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/Remark             Comment                                                        Condition
  CAG information list                                                         MCC : 002; MNC : 11; CAG only : 0;CAG-ID 1 : 1, CAG-ID 2 : 2   
  Length of CAG information list contents             '0000 0000 0000 1101'B                                                                  
  Entry 1                                                                                                                                     
  Length of entry contents                            '0000 1100'B                                                                            
  MCC                                                 MCC of NR Cell 3         See Table 6.5.2.6.3.1--1                                       
  MNC                                                 MNC of NR Cell 3         See Table 6.5.2.6.3.1--1                                       
  CAG only                                            '0'B                                                                                    
  CAG-ID 1                                            1                        CAG ID is coded as a 32 bit BITSTRING                          
  CAG-ID 2                                            2                        CAG ID is coded as a 32 bit BITSTRING                          
  Equivalent PLMNs                                    PLMN2                                                                                   

Table 6.5.2.6.3.3-2: SIB1 for NR Cell 1 (Step 1, Table 6.5.2.6.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28 with condition CAG                            
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                     Value/Remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                              
  cellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                 
  cellReservedForOtherUse                                                 true                     
  }                                                                                                
  }                                                                                                

Table 6.5.2.6.3.3-3: Void

Table 6.5.2.6.3.3-4: SIB1 for NR Cell 6 (preamble and all steps, Table
6.5.2.6.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28 with condition CAG                                                                                  
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------- --------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                               Value/Remark                 Comment                                 Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                    
  cellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                       
  cellReservedForOtherUse                                                           true                                                                 
  npn-IdentityInfoList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF NPN-IdentityInfo-r16 {   1 entry                                                              
  NPN-IdentityInfo-r16\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                           entry 1                                 
  npn-IdentityList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF NPN-Identity-r16 {           1 entry                                                              
  NPN-Identity-r16\[1\] CHOICE {                                                                                 entry 1                                 
  pni-npn-r16 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                 
  plmn-Identity-r16 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                           
  mcc                                                                               002                          PLMN2 MCC                               
  mnc                                                                               11                           PLMN2 MNC                               
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  cag-IdentityList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxNPN-r16)) OF CAG-IdentityInfo-r16 {    1 entry                                                              
  CAG-IdentityInfo-r16\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                           entry 1                                 
  cag-identity-r16                                                                  2                            CAG ID is coded as a 32 bit BITSTRING   
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  trackingAreaCode-r16                                                              000000000000000000000010                                             
  cellIdentity-r16                                                                  Cell Identity of NR Cell 6                                           
  cellReservedForOperatorUse-r16                                                    notReserved                                                          
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      

Table 6.5.2.6.3.3-5: SIB1 for NR Cell 3 (preamble and all steps, Table
6.5.2.6.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28 with condition CAG                                                                                  
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------- --------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                               Value/Remark                 Comment                                 Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                    
  cellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                       
  cellReservedForOtherUse                                                           true                                                                 
  npn-IdentityInfoList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF NPN-IdentityInfo-r16 {   1 entry                                                              
  NPN-IdentityInfo-r16\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                           entry 1                                 
  npn-IdentityList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF NPN-Identity-r16 {           1 entry                                                              
  NPN-Identity-r16\[1\] CHOICE {                                                                                 entry 1                                 
  pni-npn-r16 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                 
  plmn-Identity-r16 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                           
  mcc                                                                               002                          PLMN2 MCC                               
  mnc                                                                               11                           PLMN2 MNC                               
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  cag-IdentityList-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxNPN-r16)) OF CAG-IdentityInfo-r16 {    1 entry                                                              
  CAG-IdentityInfo-r16\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                           entry 1                                 
  cag-identity-r16                                                                  1                            CAG ID is coded as a 32 bit BITSTRING   
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  trackingAreaCode-r16                                                              TAC of NR Cell 3                                                     
  cellIdentity-r16                                                                  Cell Identity of NR Cell 3                                           
  cellReservedForOperatorUse-r16                                                    notReserved                                                          
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                      

Table 6.5.2.6.3.3-6: REGISTRATION ACCEPT (Step 17, Table 6.5.2.6.3.2-3)

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[4\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table           |                 |                 |           |
| **4.7.1-7**     |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/Remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CAG information |                 | MCC : 002; MNC  |           |
| list            |                 | : 11; CAG only  |           |
|                 |                 | : 1;            |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | CAG-ID 1 : 2,   |           |
|                 |                 | CAG ID 2: 1     |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Length of CAG   | '0000 0000 0000 |                 |           |
| information     | 1101'B          |                 |           |
| list contents   |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Entry 1         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Length of entry | '0000 1100'B    |                 |           |
| contents        |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| MCC             | MCC of NR Cell  | See Table       |           |
|                 | 6               | 6.5.2.6.3.1-1   |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| MNC             | MNC of NR Cell  | See Table       |           |
|                 | 6               | 6.5.2.6.3.1-1   |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CAG only        | '1'B            |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CAG-ID 1        | 2               | CAG ID is coded |           |
|                 |                 | as a 32 bit     |           |
|                 |                 | BITSTRING       |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CAG-ID 2        | 1               | CAG ID is coded |           |
|                 |                 | as a 32 bit     |           |
|                 |                 | BITSTRING       |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 6.5.2.6.3.3-7: REGISTRATION ACCEPT (Step 35, Table 6.5.2.6.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], table 4.7.1-7                                      
  --------------------------------------------------- ------------------------ --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/Remark             Comment   Condition
  CAG information list                                                                   
  Length of CAG information list contents             '0000 0000 0000 0000'B             
  Entry 1                                             Not present                        

### 6.5.3 SNPN Selection

#### 6.5.3.1 SNPN Selection in Manual Mode / Using credentials from a credentials holder

##### 6.5.3.1.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-94 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-176 .H6}

**with** { UE in Manual network/SNPN selection mode and supports access
to an SNPN using credentials from a credentials holder and an SNPN cell
is available which does not support the access using credentials from a
credentials holder }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is switched on or return to coverage }

**then** { UE does not indicate to the user any available SNPNs }

}

##### (2) {#section-177 .H6}

**with** { UE in Manual network/SNPN selection mode and supports access
to an SNPN using credentials from a credentials holder }

**ensure that** {

**when** { an SNPN is available which broadcasts the indication that
access using credentials from a credentials holder is supported }

**then** { UE indicates to the user that an SNPN is available and user
selects the SNPN }

}

##### 6.5.3.1.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-94 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 23.122 clauses 4.9.3.1.0 and 4.9.3.1.2. Unless
otherwise stated these are Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 23.122 clause 4.9.3.1.0\]

At switch on, following recovery from lack of coverage, or when the MS
starts operating in the SNPN access mode, the MS selects the registered
SNPN (if it is available) using NG-RAN access technology and if
necessary (in the case of recovery from lack of coverage, see clause
4.5.2) attempts to perform an LR.

NOTE 1: The MS in automatic SNPN selection mode can end the SNPN search
procedure once the registered SNPN is found on NG-RAN access technology.

NOTE 2: An MS in automatic SNPN selection mode can use location
information to determine which SNPNs can be available in its present
location.

If successful registration is achieved, the MS indicates the selected
SNPN.

If there is no registered SNPN, or registration is not possible due to
the SNPN being unavailable or registration failure, unless the MS needs
to select an SNPN for onboarding services in SNPN, the MS follows the
procedure in clause 4.9.3.1.1 or clause 4.9.3.1.2 depending on its SNPN
selection mode. If the MS needs to select an SNPN for onboarding
services in SNPN, the MS follows the procedure in clause 4.9.3.1.3 or
clause 4.9.3.1.4 depending on its SNPN selection mode for onboarding
services in SNPN. At switch on, the MS shall use the SNPN selection mode
and the SNPN selection mode for onboarding services in SNPN that were
used before switching off.

NOTE 3: If successful registration is achieved, then the current serving
SNPN becomes the registered SNPN and the MS does not store the previous
registered SNPN for later use.

If registration is not possible on recovery from lack of coverage due to
the registered SNPN being unavailable, an MS may, optionally, continue
looking for the registered SNPN for an implementation dependent time.

NOTE 4: An MS registered to an SNPN should behave as described above
only if one or more PDU sessions are currently active.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.9.3.1.2\]

The MS indicates to the user any available SNPNs which meet the criteria
specified in bullets a) and b). If the MS does not support access to an
SNPN using credentials from a credentials holder, this includes SNPNs in
the list of \"permanently forbidden SNPNs\", and the list of
\"temporarily forbidden SNPNs\". The MS may indicate to the user whether
the available SNPNs are present in the list of \"temporarily forbidden
SNPNs\" or the list of \"permanently forbidden SNPNs\". If the MS
supports access to an SNPN using credentials from a credentials holder,
this includes SNPNs in the lists of \"permanently forbidden SNPNs\", and
the lists of \"temporarily forbidden SNPNs\" associated with each entry
of the \"list of subscriber data\" or the PLMN subscription. The MS may
indicate to the user whether the available SNPNs are present in a list
of \"temporarily forbidden SNPNs\" or a list of \"permanently forbidden
SNPNs\" for an entry of the \"list of subscriber data\" or the PLMN
subscription.

a\) SNPNs identified by an SNPN identity in an entry of the \"list of
subscriber data\" in the ME, if any. The order in which those SNPNs are
indicated is MS implementation specific;

b\) if the MS supports access to an SNPN using credentials from a
credentials holder, for the SNPNs which broadcast the indication that
access using credentials from a credentials holder is supported:

1\) each SNPN which is identified by an SNPN identity contained in one
of the user controlled prioritized lists of preferred SNPNs configured
in the ME. SNPNs included in the same list are indicated in the order in
which they are included in the list. Prioritization between the
different lists is MS implementation specific;

2\) each SNPN which is identified by an SNPN identity contained in one
of the credentials holder controlled prioritized lists of preferred
SNPNs configured in the ME. SNPNs included in the same list are
indicated in the order in which they are included in the list.
Prioritization between the different lists is MS implementation
specific;

3\) each SNPN which broadcasts a GIN contained in one of the credentials
holder controlled prioritized lists of GINs configured in the ME. SNPNs
broadcasting a GIN included in the same list are indicated in the order
in which the GIN is included in the list. Prioritization between the
different lists is MS implementation specific. If more than one SNPN
broadcast the same GIN, the order in which those SNPNs are indicated is
MS implementation specific; and

4\) each SNPN identified by an SNPN identity which is included neither
in the SNPN selection parameters of the entries of the \"list of
subscriber data\" nor in the SNPN selection parameters associated with
the PLMN subscription and which does not broadcast a GIN which is
included in one of the credentials holder controlled prioritized lists
of GINs configured in the ME. The order in which those SNPNs are
indicated is MS implementation specific.

For each of the SNPNs indicated to the user, the MS shall forward a
human-readable network name along with the SNPN identity to the upper
layers if the system information broadcasted for the SNPN includes the
human-readable network name for the SNPN.

The MS shall limit its search for the SNPN to the NG-RAN access
technology.

The user may select an SNPN and the MS then initiates registration on
this SNPN using the NG-RAN access technology, the subscriber identifier
and the credentials from the selected entry of the \"list of subscriber
data\" or from USIM, if the PLMN subscription is selected, determined as
follows:

\- for bullet a) above, the entry of the \"list of subscriber data\",
with the SNPN identity matching the selected SNPN (this may take place
at any time during the presentation of SNPNs), shall be considered as
selected;

\- for bullet b-1) above:

i\) the entry of the \"list of subscriber data\" which contains the user
controlled prioritized lists of preferred SNPNs that includes the SNPN
identity of the selected SNPN shall be considered as selected, if the
user controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs that includes the
SNPN identity of the selected SNPN is included in the entry of the
\"list of subscriber data\"; or

\- the PLMN subscription shall be considered as selected, if the user
controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs associated with the PLMN
subscription includes the SNPN identity of the selected SNPN;

\- for bullet b-2) above:

i\) the entry of the \"list of subscriber data\" which contains the
credentials holder controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs that
includes the SNPN identity of the selected SNPN shall be considered as
selected, if the credentials holder controlled prioritized list of
preferred SNPNs that includes the SNPN identity of the selected SNPN is
included in the entry of the \"list of subscriber data\"; or

ii\) the PLMN subscription shall be considered as selected, if the
credentials holder controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs
associated with the PLMN subscription includes the SNPN identity of the
selected SNPN;

\- for bullet b-3) above:

i\) the entry of the \"list of subscriber data\" which contains the
credentials holder controlled prioritized list of GINs that includes the
GIN broadcast by the selected SNPN shall be considered as selected, if
the credentials holder controlled prioritized list of GINs that includes
the GIN broadcast by the selected SNPN is included in the entry of the
\"list of subscriber data\"; or

ii\) the PLMN subscription shall be considered as selected, if the
credentials holder controlled prioritized list of GINs associated with
the PLMN subscription includes the GIN broadcast by the selected SNPN;
and

\- for bullet b-4) above, the entry of the \"list of subscriber data\"
or the PLMN subscription shall be selected by MS implementation specific
means.

NOTE1: If the SNPN identity of the selected SNPN is included in more
than one of the following: one or more user controlled prioritized
list(s) of preferred SNPNs configured in the ME, one or more credentials
holder controlled prioritized list(s) of preferred SNPNs configured in
the ME or the list of SNPNs which are broadcasting a GIN included in one
or more credentials holder controlled prioritized list(s) of GINs
configured in the ME, which subscription is selected is MS
implementation specific.

...

If the user does not select an SNPN, the selected SNPN shall be the one
that was selected either automatically or manually before the SNPN
selection procedure started. If no such SNPN was selected or that SNPN
is no longer available, then the MS shall attempt to camp on any
acceptable cell and enter the limited service state.

##### 6.5.3.1.3 Test description {#test-description-92 .H6}

##### 6.5.3.1.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-93 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-72 .H6}

\- 2 SNPN cells: NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 3 are configured broadcasting
default SNPN IDs as indicated in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.2-4.

\- System information combination NR-26 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-85 .H6}

\- The UE is in Manual SNPN selection mode.

\- The UE is provisioned with a \"list of subscriber data\" to allow
access to SNPN identified by NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 3 using credentials
from the certificate holder.

\- The SNPN identity of NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 3 are contained in the
credentials holder controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-89 .H6}

\- Ensure that the UE has cleared the Registered SNPN, and the UE is in
state Switched OFF (state 0-A).

##### 6.5.3.1.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-90 .H6}

Table 6.5.3.1.3.2-1/2 shows the cell configurations used during the
test. Subsequent configurations marked "T1" and "T2" are applied at the
points indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table
6.5.3.1.3.2-3. Cell powers are chosen for a serving cell and a
non-suitable "Off" cell as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.2.2.1-3
for FR1 and Table 6.2.2.2-2 for FR2.

Table 6.5.3.1.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| ** **  | **Parameter** | **Unit** | **NR Cell 1** | **NR Cell 3** | **Remarks** |
+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH       | dBm/SCS  | "Off"         | -88           |             |
|        |               |          |               |               |             |
|        | SSS EPRE      |          |               |               |             |
+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH       | dBm/SCS  | -88           | -88           |             |
|        |               |          |               |               |             |
|        | SSS EPRE      |          |               |               |             |
+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+

Table 6.5.3.1.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| ** **  | **Parameter** | **Unit** | **NR Cell 1** | **NR Cell 3** | **Remarks** |
+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH       | dBm/SCS  | "Off"         | -91           |             |
|        |               |          |               |               |             |
|        | SSS EPRE      |          |               |               |             |
+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH       | dBm/SCS  | -91           | -91           |             |
|        |               |          |               |               |             |
|        | SSS EPRE      |          |               |               |             |
+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+

Table 6.5.3.1.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| **St**    | **Pr      | **Message | **TP**    | **        |    |
|           | ocedure** | S         |           | Verdict** |    |
|           |           | equence** |           |           |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+====+
|           |           | **U - S** | **        |           |    |
|           |           |           | Message** |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 1         | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row T1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.5.3.1   |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 2         | The UE is | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | Switched  |           |           |           |    |
|           | ON.       |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 3         | Manual    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | selection |           |           |           |    |
|           | of SNPN   |           |           |           |    |
|           | i         |           |           |           |    |
|           | dentified |           |           |           |    |
|           | by NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 3 is |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | (NOTE 1). |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 4         | Check:    | \--\>     | *NR RRC:  | 1         | F  |
|           | Does the  |           | RRCSetu   |           |    |
|           | UE        |           | pRequest* |           |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |           |    |
|           | an        |           |           |           |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |           |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 3    |           |           |           |    |
|           | within    |           |           |           |    |
|           | the next  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 60s?      |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 5         | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row T2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.5.3.1   |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 6         | Manual    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | selection |           |           |           |    |
|           | of SNPN   |           |           |           |    |
|           | i         |           |           |           |    |
|           | dentified |           |           |           |    |
|           | by NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1 is |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | (NOTE 1). |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 7         | Check:    | \--\>     | *NR RRC:  | 2         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | RRCSetu   |           |    |
|           | UE send a |           | pRequest* |           |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |           |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1?   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 8-25a1    | Steps 3   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |           |    |
|           | of Table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1.   |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
|           | NOTE: The |           |           |           |    |
|           | UE        |           |           |           |    |
|           | performs  |           |           |           |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |           |    |
|           | istration |           |           |           |    |
|           | and the   |           |           |           |    |
|           | RRC       |           |           |           |    |
|           | c         |           |           |           |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |           |    |
|           | is        |           |           |           |    |
|           | released. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| NOTE 1:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| This is   |           |           |           |           |    |
| performed |           |           |           |           |    |
| via MMI   |           |           |           |           |    |
| or AT     |           |           |           |           |    |
| command.  |           |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+

##### 6.5.3.1.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-85 .H6}

Table 6.5.3.1.3.3-1: SIB1 for NR Cell 1 (preamble and all steps, Table
6.5.3.1.3.2-3)

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28 with condition SNPN and eNPN
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table 6.5.3.1.3.3-2: SIB1 for NR Cell 3 (preamble and all steps, Table
6.5.3.1.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28 with condition SNPN and eNPN                            
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                               Value/Remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                        
  CellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                           
  snpn-AccessInfoList-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxNPN-r16)) OF SNPN-AccessInfo-r17{   1 entry                  
  SNPN-AccessInfo-r17\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                              entry 1   
  extCH-Supported-r17                                                               Not present              
  extCH-WithoutConfigAllowed-r17                                                    Not present              
  }                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                          

#### 6.5.3.2 SNPN Selection in Manual Mode / Onboarding services in SNPN

##### 6.5.3.2.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-95 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-178 .H6}

**with** { UE in Manual network selection mode and an SNPN not
supporting onboarding services is available }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is switched on or return to coverage }

**then** { UE does not indicate to the user any available SNPN }

}

##### (2) {#section-179 .H6}

with { UE in Manual network selection mode }

ensure that {

when { An SNPN is available, which supports onboarding services but does
not match the UE's onboarding SNPN selection information }

then { UE indicate to the user the SNPN not matching the onboarding SNPN
selection information }

}

##### (3) {#section-180 .H6}

**with** { UE in Manual network selection mode }

**ensure that** {

**when** { An SNPN indicating that onboarding is allowed is available
and matches the onboarding SNPN selection information }

**then** { UE indicates user the SNPN and user selects the SNPN }

}

##### 6.5.3.2.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-95 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 23.122 clauses 4.9.3.1.4. Unless otherwise stated these
are Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.9.3.1.4\]

The MS shall indicate to upper layers one or more SNPNs, which are
available and indicate that onboarding is allowed.

These include SNPNs in the list of \"permanently forbidden SNPNs\" for
onboarding services and the list of \"temporarily forbidden SNPNs\" for
onboarding services. The MS may indicate to the user whether the
available SNPNs are present in the list of \"temporarily forbidden
SNPNs\" or the list of \"permanently forbidden SNPNs\".

The MS shall limit its search for the SNPN to the NG-RAN access
technology.

For each SNPN indicated to upper layers, the MS shall indicate to the
upper layers along with the SNPN identity:

> a\) whether the SNPN matches the onboarding SNPN selection
> information, if pre-configured; and
>
> b\) the human-readable network name, if the system information
> broadcast includes the human-readable network name for the SNPN.

##### 6.5.3.2.3 Test description {#test-description-93 .H6}

##### 6.5.3.2.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-94 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-73 .H6}

\- 3 SNPN cells: NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2, and NR Cell 4 are configured
broadcasting default SNPN IDs as indicated in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table
4.4.2-4.

\- System information combination NR-26 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2, and NR Cell 4.

##### UE: {#ue-86 .H6}

\- The UE is in Manual SNPN selection mode.

\- The UE is provisioned default UE credentials and is pre-configured
with onboarding SNPN selection information to allow access to SNPN
identified by NR Cell 2.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-90 .H6}

\- Ensure that the UE has cleared the Registered SNPN, and the UE is in
state Switched OFF (state 0-A).

##### 6.5.3.2.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-91 .H6}

Table 6.5.3.2.3.2-1/2 shows the cell configurations used during the
test. Subsequent configurations marked "T1", "T2" etc are applied at the
points indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table
6.5.3.2.3.2-3. Cell powers are chosen for a serving cell and a
non-suitable "Off" cell as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.2.2.1-3
for FR1 and Table 6.2.2.2-2 for FR2.

Table 6.5.3.2.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| ** **  | **Para  | *       | **NR    | **NR    | **NR    | **Re    |
|        | meter** | *Unit** | Cell    | Cell    | Cell    | marks** |
|        |         |         | 1**     | 2**     | 4**     |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | "Off"   | "Off"   |         |
|        |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | "Off"   | -88     |         |
|        |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T3** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | -88     | -88     |         |
|        |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.5.3.2.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| ** **  | **Para  | *       | **NR    | **NR    | **NR    | **Re    |
|        | meter** | *Unit** | Cell    | Cell    | Cell    | marks** |
|        |         |         | 1**     | 2**     | 4**     |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | "Off"   | "Off"   |         |
|        |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | "Off"   | -91     |         |
|        |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T3** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -91     | -91     | -91     |         |
|        |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.5.3.2.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| **St**    | **Pr      | **Message | **TP**    | **        |    |
|           | ocedure** | S         |           | Verdict** |    |
|           |           | equence** |           |           |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+====+
|           |           | **U - S** | **        |           |    |
|           |           |           | Message** |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 1         | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row T1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.5.3.2   |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 2         | The UE is | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | Switched  |           |           |           |    |
|           | ON.       |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 3         | Manual    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | selection |           |           |           |    |
|           | of SNPN   |           |           |           |    |
|           | i         |           |           |           |    |
|           | dentified |           |           |           |    |
|           | by NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1 is |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | (NOTE 1). |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 4         | Check:    | \--\>     | *NR RRC:  | 1         | F  |
|           | Does the  |           | RRCSetu   |           |    |
|           | UE        |           | pRequest* |           |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |           |    |
|           | an        |           |           |           |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |           |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1    |           |           |           |    |
|           | within    |           |           |           |    |
|           | the next  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 60s?      |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 5         | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row T2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.5.3.2   |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 6         | Manual    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | selection |           |           |           |    |
|           | of SNPN   |           |           |           |    |
|           | i         |           |           |           |    |
|           | dentified |           |           |           |    |
|           | by NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 4 is |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | (NOTE 1). |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 7         | Check:    | \--\>     | *NR RRC:  | 2         | F  |
|           | Does the  |           | RRCSetu   |           |    |
|           | UE send a |           | pRequest* |           |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |           |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 4?   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 8         | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row T3 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.5.3.2   |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 9         | Manual    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | selection |           |           |           |    |
|           | of SNPN   |           |           |           |    |
|           | i         |           |           |           |    |
|           | dentified |           |           |           |    |
|           | by NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 2 is |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | (NOTE 1). |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 10        | Check:    | \--\>     | *NR RRC:  | 3         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | RRCSetu   |           |    |
|           | UE send a |           | pRequest* |           |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |           |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 2?   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 11-28a1   | Steps 3   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |           |    |
|           | of Table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 2.   |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
|           | NOTE: The |           |           |           |    |
|           | UE        |           |           |           |    |
|           | performs  |           |           |           |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |           |    |
|           | istration |           |           |           |    |
|           | and the   |           |           |           |    |
|           | RRC       |           |           |           |    |
|           | c         |           |           |           |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |           |    |
|           | is        |           |           |           |    |
|           | released. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| NOTE 1:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| This is   |           |           |           |           |    |
| performed |           |           |           |           |    |
| via MMI   |           |           |           |           |    |
| or AT     |           |           |           |           |    |
| command.  |           |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+

##### 6.5.3.2.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-86 .H6}

Table 6.5.3.2.3.3-1: REGISTRATION REQUEST (step 12, Table 6.5.3.2.3.2-3)

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.7.1-6 with condition SNPN\_ONBOARDING
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table 6.5.3.2.3.3-2: SIB1 for NR Cell 1 (all steps and preamble, Table
6.5.3.2.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28 with condition SNPN and eNPN                            
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                               Value/Remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                        
  CellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                           
  snpn-AccessInfoList-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxNPN-r16)) OF SNPN-AccessInfo-r17{   1 entry                  
  SNPN-AccessInfo-r17\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                              entry 1   
  onboardingEnabled-r17                                                             Not present              
  }                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                          

Table 6.5.3.2.3.3-3: SIB1 for NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 4 (all steps and
preamble, Table 6.5.3.2.3.2-3)

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28 with condition SNPN and eNPN
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

#### 6.5.3.3 SNPN Selection in Manual Mode / Switch to Automatic Mode

##### 6.5.3.3.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-96 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-181 .H6}

**with** { UE in Manual network/SNPN selection mode and has registered
on an SNPN cell which does not support emergency calls }

**ensure that** {

**when** { a different SNPN is available and user initiates an emergency
call}

**then** { UE automatically select the SNPN }

}

##### (2) {#section-182 .H6}

**with** { UE in Manual network/SNPN selection mode and has registered
on an SNPN cell }

**ensure that** {

**when** { a different SNPN is available and user initiates an emergency
call and the registration request for emergency services is rejected by
the network }

**then** { UE automatically select the SNPN }

}

##### 6.5.3.3.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-96 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 23.122 clause 4.9.3.1.2. Unless otherwise stated these
are Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.9.3.1.2\]

The MS indicates to the user any available SNPNs which meet the criteria
specified in bullets a) and b). If the MS does not support access to an
SNPN using credentials from a credentials holder, this includes SNPNs in
the list of \"permanently forbidden SNPNs\", and the list of
\"temporarily forbidden SNPNs\". The MS may indicate to the user whether
the available SNPNs are present in the list of \"temporarily forbidden
SNPNs\" or the list of \"permanently forbidden SNPNs\". If the MS
supports access to an SNPN using credentials from a credentials holder,
this includes SNPNs in the lists of \"permanently forbidden SNPNs\", and
the lists of \"temporarily forbidden SNPNs\" associated with each entry
of the \"list of subscriber data\" or the PLMN subscription. The MS may
indicate to the user whether the available SNPNs are present in a list
of \"temporarily forbidden SNPNs\" or a list of \"permanently forbidden
SNPNs\" for an entry of the \"list of subscriber data\" or the PLMN
subscription.

...

Once the MS has registered on an SNPN selected by the user, the MS shall
not automatically register on a different SNPN unless:

a\) the user selects automatic SNPN selection mode; or

b\) the user initiates an emergency call while the MS is in limited
service state and either the SNPN does not broadcast the indication of
support of emergency calls in limited service state or the registration
request for emergency services is rejected by the network.

NOTE 2: If case b) occurs, the MS can provide an indication to the upper
layers that the MS has exited manual network SNPN selection mode.

If the user does not select an SNPN, the selected SNPN shall be the one
that was selected either automatically or manually before the SNPN
selection procedure started. If no such SNPN was selected or that SNPN
is no longer available, then the MS shall attempt to camp on any
acceptable cell and enter the limited service state.

##### 6.5.3.3.3 Test description {#test-description-94 .H6}

##### 6.5.3.3.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-95 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-74 .H6}

\- 2 SNPN cells: NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 2 are configured broadcasting
default SNPN IDs as indicated in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.2-4.

\- System information combination NR-26 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 2

##### UE: {#ue-87 .H6}

\- The UE is in Manual SNPN selection mode.

\- The UE is provisioned with a "list of subscriber data" to allow
access to SNPN identified by NR Cell 1.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-91 .H6}

\- The UE is in state Registered, Idle Mode (State 1N-A) on NR Cell 1
according to TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-1.

##### 6.5.3.3.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-92 .H6}

Table 6.5.3.3.3.2-1/2 shows the cell configurations used during the
test. Subsequent configurations marked "T1" and "T2" are applied at the
points indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table
6.5.3.3.3.2-3. Cell powers are chosen for a serving cell and a
non-suitable cell as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.2.2.1-3 for
FR1 and Table 6.2.2.2-2 for FR2.

Table 6.5.3.3.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+--------+----------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|        | ** Parameter** | **Unit** | **NR Cell 1** | **NR Cell 2** | **Remarks** |
+--------+----------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH        | dBm/SCS  | -96           | -88           |             |
|        |                |          |               |               |             |
|        | SSS EPRE       |          |               |               |             |
+--------+----------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH        | dBm/SCS  | -88           | -96           |             |
|        |                |          |               |               |             |
|        | SSS EPRE       |          |               |               |             |
+--------+----------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+

Table 6.5.3.3.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+--------+----------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|        | ** Parameter** | **Unit** | **NR Cell 1** | **NR Cell 2** | **Remarks** |
+--------+----------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH        | dBm/SCS  | -91           | -82           |             |
|        |                |          |               |               |             |
|        | SSS EPRE       |          |               |               |             |
+--------+----------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH        | dBm/SCS  | -82           | -91           |             |
|        |                |          |               |               |             |
|        | SSS EPRE       |          |               |               |             |
+--------+----------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+

Table 6.5.3.3.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| **St**    | **Pr      | **Message | **TP**    | **        |    |
|           | ocedure** | S         |           | Verdict** |    |
|           |           | equence** |           |           |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+====+
|           |           | **U - S** | **        |           |    |
|           |           |           | Message** |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 1         | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row T1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.5.3.3   |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 2         | Make the  | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | UE        |           |           |           |    |
|           | attempt   |           |           |           |    |
|           | an IMS    |           |           |           |    |
|           | emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | call      |           |           |           |    |
|           | dialling  |           |           |           |    |
|           | an        |           |           |           |    |
|           | emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | number    |           |           |           |    |
|           | e.g. 112  |           |           |           |    |
|           | or 911.   |           |           |           |    |
|           | (NOTE)    |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 3         | Check:    | \-        | \-        | 1         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           |           |           |    |
|           | UE        |           |           |           |    |
|           | perform   |           |           |           |    |
|           | Generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | Test      |           |           |           |    |
|           | Procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | for IMS   |           |           |           |    |
|           | Emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | call      |           |           |           |    |
|           | esta      |           |           |           |    |
|           | blishment |           |           |           |    |
|           | without   |           |           |           |    |
|           | IMS       |           |           |           |    |
|           | emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |           |    |
|           | istration |           |           |           |    |
|           | as        |           |           |           |    |
|           | specified |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\],    |           |           |           |    |
|           | subclause |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.9.12 on |           |           |           |    |
|           | NR Cell   |           |           |           |    |
|           | 2?        |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 4         | Make the  | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | UE        |           |           |           |    |
|           | release   |           |           |           |    |
|           | the       |           |           |           |    |
|           | emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | call.     |           |           |           |    |
|           | (NOTE)    |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 5         | The       | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | Generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | test      |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | for IMS   |           |           |           |    |
|           | MO        |           |           |           |    |
|           | Emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | call      |           |           |           |    |
|           | release   |           |           |           |    |
|           | as        |           |           |           |    |
|           | specified |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\],    |           |           |           |    |
|           | subclause |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.9.12A   |           |           |           |    |
|           | takes     |           |           |           |    |
|           | place     |           |           |           |    |
|           | using     |           |           |           |    |
|           | condition |           |           |           |    |
|           | A6 for    |           |           |           |    |
|           | the BYE   |           |           |           |    |
|           | at step 1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | (step 1   |           |           |           |    |
|           | of A.7 in |           |           |           |    |
|           | 34.229-5  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[41\]).  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 6         | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-        | \- |
|           | releases  |           | R         |           |    |
|           | the RRC   |           | RCRelease |           |    |
|           | c         |           |           |           |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 7         | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | updates   |           |           |           |    |
|           | the SIB1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | of NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1 to |           |           |           |    |
|           | enable    |           |           |           |    |
|           | the       |           |           |           |    |
|           | emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | services  |           |           |           |    |
|           | support   |           |           |           |    |
|           | of SNPN   |           |           |           |    |
|           | i         |           |           |           |    |
|           | dentified |           |           |           |    |
|           | by NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1.   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 8         | Manual    | \-        | *-*       | \-        | \- |
|           | selection |           |           |           |    |
|           | of SNPN   |           |           |           |    |
|           | i         |           |           |           |    |
|           | dentified |           |           |           |    |
|           | by NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1 is |           |           |           |    |
|           | p         |           |           |           |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 9-26a1    | Steps 3   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |           |    |
|           | of Table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1.   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 27        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row T2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.5.3.3   |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 28        | Make the  | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | UE        |           |           |           |    |
|           | attempt   |           |           |           |    |
|           | an IMS    |           |           |           |    |
|           | emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | call      |           |           |           |    |
|           | dialling  |           |           |           |    |
|           | an        |           |           |           |    |
|           | emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | number    |           |           |           |    |
|           | e.g. 112  |           |           |           |    |
|           | or 911.   |           |           |           |    |
|           | (NOTE)    |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 29-35     | Steps 1-7 | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | of Table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.9       |           |           |           |    |
|           | .12.2.2-1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1.   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 36        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-        | \- |
|           | transmits |           | DLI       |           |    |
|           | a         |           | nformatio |           |    |
|           | REG       |           | nTransfer |           |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |           |    |
|           | REJECT    |           | 5GMM:     |           |    |
|           | with      |           | REG       |           |    |
|           | cause     |           | ISTRATION |           |    |
|           | \#15 (No  |           | REJECT    |           |    |
|           | suitable  |           |           |           |    |
|           | cells in  |           |           |           |    |
|           | tracking  |           |           |           |    |
|           | area) on  |           |           |           |    |
|           | NR Cell   |           |           |           |    |
|           | 1.        |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 37        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | releases  |           |           |           |    |
|           | the RRC   |           |           |           |    |
|           | co        |           |           |           |    |
|           | nnection. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 38        | Check:    | \-        | \-        | 2         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           |           |           |    |
|           | UE        |           |           |           |    |
|           | perform   |           |           |           |    |
|           | Generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | Test      |           |           |           |    |
|           | Procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | for IMS   |           |           |           |    |
|           | Emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | call      |           |           |           |    |
|           | esta      |           |           |           |    |
|           | blishment |           |           |           |    |
|           | without   |           |           |           |    |
|           | IMS       |           |           |           |    |
|           | emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |           |    |
|           | istration |           |           |           |    |
|           | as        |           |           |           |    |
|           | specified |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\],    |           |           |           |    |
|           | subclause |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.9.12 on |           |           |           |    |
|           | NR Cell   |           |           |           |    |
|           | 2?        |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 39        | Make the  | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | UE        |           |           |           |    |
|           | release   |           |           |           |    |
|           | the       |           |           |           |    |
|           | emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | call.     |           |           |           |    |
|           | (NOTE)    |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 40        | The       | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | Generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | test      |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | for IMS   |           |           |           |    |
|           | MO        |           |           |           |    |
|           | Emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | call      |           |           |           |    |
|           | release   |           |           |           |    |
|           | as        |           |           |           |    |
|           | specified |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\],    |           |           |           |    |
|           | subclause |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.9.12A   |           |           |           |    |
|           | takes     |           |           |           |    |
|           | place     |           |           |           |    |
|           | using     |           |           |           |    |
|           | condition |           |           |           |    |
|           | A6 for    |           |           |           |    |
|           | the BYE   |           |           |           |    |
|           | at step 1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | (step 1   |           |           |           |    |
|           | of A.7 in |           |           |           |    |
|           | 34.229-5  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[41\]).  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 41        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-        | \- |
|           | releases  |           | R         |           |    |
|           | the RRC   |           | RCRelease |           |    |
|           | c         |           |           |           |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| NOTE:     |           |           |           |           |    |
| This      |           |           |           |           |    |
| could be  |           |           |           |           |    |
| done by   |           |           |           |           |    |
| e.g. MMI  |           |           |           |           |    |
| or AT     |           |           |           |           |    |
| command.  |           |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+

##### 6.5.3.3.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-87 .H6}

Table 6.5.3.3.3.3-1: SIB1 for NR Cell 1 (preamble and step 1, Table
6.5.3.3.3.2-3)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28 with condition SNPN and eNPN                            
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                               Value/Remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                        
  CellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                           
  snpn-AccessInfoList-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxNPN-r16)) OF SNPN-AccessInfo-r17{   1 entry                  
  SNPN-AccessInfo-r17\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                              entry 1   
  imsEmergencySupportForSNPN-r17                                                    Not present              
  }                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                          

Table 6.5.3.3.3.3-2: SIB1 for NR Cell 1 (step 7, Table 6.5.3.3.3.2-3)

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28 with condition SNPN and eNPN
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table 6.5.3.3.3.3-3: REGISTRATION REJECT (step 36, Table 6.5.3.3.3.2-3)

  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- -------------------------------------------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.7.1-9                                                               
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment                                      Condition
  5GMM cause                                          '00001111'B    \#15 (No suitable cells in tracking area).   
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- -------------------------------------------- -----------

#### 6.5.3.4 SNPN Selection in Automatic Mode / Onboarding services in SNPN

##### 6.5.3.4.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-97 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-183 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic network selection mode and an SNPN supporting
onboarding service is available which does not match the onboarding SNPN
selection information }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is switched on or return to coverage }

**then** { UE does not select the SNPN cell and continues searching for
an allowable SNPN Cell }

}

##### (2) {#section-184 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic network selection mode and Registration for
onboarding services on an SNPN cell is unsuccessful }

**ensure that** {

**when** { an SNPN is available for which an entry exists in the \"list
of subscriber data\" }

**then** { UE performs SNPN selection not for onboarding services on the
SNPN }

}

##### 6.5.3.4.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-97 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 23.122 clauses 4.9.3.1.3. Unless otherwise stated these
are Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.9.3.1.3\]

When the MS needs to access an SNPN for onboarding services in SNPN, the
MS shall select an SNPN indicating that onboarding is allowed and, if
the onboarding SNPN selection information is pre-configured, also
matching the onboarding SNPN selection information. If more than one
such SNPNs are available, how the MS selects one of those SNPNs is MS
implementation specific. The MS shall not select an SNPN not indicating
that onboarding is allowed or not matching the onboarding SNPN selection
information, if pre-configured, for onboarding services in SNPN.

The MS shall limit its search for the SNPN to the NG-RAN access
technology.

Once the MS selects the SNPN, the MS shall attempt initial registration
for onboarding services in SNPN on the selected SNPN using the NG-RAN
access technology and the default UE credentials for primary
authentication.

If successful registration is achieved, the MS may indicate to upper
layers the selected SNPN. How this indication is displayed by upper
layers is implementation specific.

If successful registration is not achieved and one or more other SNPNs
indicating that onboarding is allowed and matching the onboarding SNPN
selection information, if pre-configured, are available, the MS can
select such other SNPN and attempt initial registration for onboarding
services in SNPN on the selected SNPN using the NG-RAN access technology
and the default UE credentials for primary authentication, or the MS can
perform SNPN selection not for onboarding services in SNPN as specified
in clause 4.9.3.1.1 or clause 4.9.3.1.2 depending on its SNPN selection
mode.

If:

\- registration cannot be achieved because no SNPNs indicating that
onboarding is allowed and matching the onboarding SNPN selection
information, if pre-configured, are available; or

\- there were one or more SNPNs indicating that onboarding is allowed
and matching the onboarding SNPN selection information, if
pre-configured, but an LR failure made registration on all those SNPNs
unsuccessful;

the MS can indicate no onboarding services to upper layers, enter
limited service state and wait until a new SNPN indicating that
onboarding is allowed and matching the onboarding SNPN selection
information, if pre-configured, is available and then repeat the
procedure, or the MS can perform SNPN selection not for onboarding
services in SNPN as specified in clause 4.9.3.1.1 or clause 4.9.3.1.2
depending on its SNPN selection mode.

##### 6.5.3.4.3 Test description {#test-description-95 .H6}

##### 6.5.3.4.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-96 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-75 .H6}

\- 3 SNPN cells: NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 3 are configured
broadcasting default SNPN IDs as indicated in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table
4.4.2-4.

\- System information combination NR-26 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-88 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic SNPN selection mode.

\- The UE is provisioned with a "list of subscriber data" to allow
access to SNPN identified by NR Cell 3.

\- The UE is provisioned default UE credentials and is pre-configured
with onboarding SNPN selection information to allow access to SNPN
identified by NR Cell 1.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-92 .H6}

\- Ensure that the UE has cleared the Registered SNPN, and the UE is in
state Switched OFF (state 0-A).

##### 6.5.3.4.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-93 .H6}

Table 6.5.3.4.3.2-1/2 shows the cell configurations used during the
test. Subsequent configurations marked "T1", "T2" and "T3" etc are
applied at the points indicated in the Main behaviour description in
Table 6.5.3.4.3.2-3. Cell powers are chosen for a serving cell and a
non-suitable "Off" cell as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.2.2.1-3
for FR1 and Table 6.2.2.2-2 for FR2.

Table 6.5.3.4.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| ** **  | **Para  | *       | **NR    | **NR    | **NR    | **Re    |
|        | meter** | *Unit** | Cell    | Cell    | Cell    | marks** |
|        |         |         | 1**     | 2**     | 3**     |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | \"Off\" | -88     | \"Off\" |         |
|        |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | -88     | \"Off\" |         |
|        |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T3** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | \"Off\" | -88     |         |
|        |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.5.3.4.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| ** **  | **Para  | *       | **NR    | **NR    | **NR    | **Re    |
|        | meter** | *Unit** | Cell    | Cell    | Cell    | marks** |
|        |         |         | 1**     | 2**     | 3**     |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | \"Off\" | -82     | \"Off\" |         |
|        |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -82     | -82     | \"Off\" |         |
|        |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T3** | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -82     | \"Off\" | -82     |         |
|        |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|        | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+--------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.5.3.4.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| **St**    | **Pr      | **Message | **TP**    | **        |    |
|           | ocedure** | S         |           | Verdict** |    |
|           |           | equence** |           |           |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+====+
|           |           | **U - S** | **        |           |    |
|           |           |           | Message** |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 1         | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row T1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.5.3.4   |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 2         | The UE is | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | Switched  |           |           |           |    |
|           | ON.       |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 3         | Check:    | \--\>     | *NR RRC:  | 1         | F  |
|           | Does the  |           | RRCSetu   |           |    |
|           | UE        |           | pRequest* |           |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |           |    |
|           | an        |           |           |           |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |           |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 2    |           |           |           |    |
|           | within    |           |           |           |    |
|           | the next  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 60s?      |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 4         | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row T2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.5.3.4   |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 5         | Check:    | \--\>     | *NR RRC:  | 1         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | RRCSetu   |           |    |
|           | UE send a |           | pRequest* |           |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |           |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1?   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 6-16      | Steps     | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | 3-13 of   |           |           |           |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1.   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 17        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-        | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *DLIn     |           |    |
|           | a         |           | formation |           |    |
|           | REG       |           | Transfer* |           |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |           |    |
|           | REJECT    |           | 5GMM:     |           |    |
|           | with      |           | REG       |           |    |
|           | cause     |           | ISTRATION |           |    |
|           | \#74      |           | REJECT    |           |    |
|           | (Te       |           |           |           |    |
|           | mporarily |           |           |           |    |
|           | not       |           |           |           |    |
|           | a         |           |           |           |    |
|           | uthorized |           |           |           |    |
|           | for this  |           |           |           |    |
|           | SNPN).    |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 18        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | releases  |           |           |           |    |
|           | the RRC   |           |           |           |    |
|           | co        |           |           |           |    |
|           | nnection. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 19        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row T3 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.5.3.4   |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 20        | Check:    | \--\>     | *NR RRC:  | 2         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | RRCSetu   |           |    |
|           | UE send a |           | pRequest* |           |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |           |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 3?   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 21-38a1   | Steps 3   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |           |    |
|           | of Table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 3.   |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
|           | NOTE: The |           |           |           |    |
|           | UE        |           |           |           |    |
|           | performs  |           |           |           |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |           |    |
|           | istration |           |           |           |    |
|           | and the   |           |           |           |    |
|           | RRC       |           |           |           |    |
|           | c         |           |           |           |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |           |    |
|           | is        |           |           |           |    |
|           | released. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| NOTE 1:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| This is   |           |           |           |           |    |
| performed |           |           |           |           |    |
| via MMI   |           |           |           |           |    |
| or AT     |           |           |           |           |    |
| command.  |           |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+

##### 6.5.3.4.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-88 .H6}

Table 6.5.3.4.3.3-1: REGISTRATION REQUEST (step 7, Table 6.5.3.4.3.2-3)

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.7.1-6 with condition SNPN\_ONBOARDING
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table 6.5.3.4.3.3-2: REGISTRATION REJECT (step 17, Table 6.5.3.4.3.2-3)

  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- -------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.7.1-9                                                                     
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment                                            Condition
  5GMM cause                                          '01001010'B    \#74 (Temporarily not authorized for this SNPN).   
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- -------------------------------------------------- -----------

#### 6.5.3.5 SNPN Selection in Automatic Mode / Using credentials from a credentials holder

##### 6.5.3.5.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-98 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-185 .H6}

**with { UE** in Automatic network selection mode and supports access to
an SNPN using credentials from a credentials holder, using the SNPN
selection parameters in the selected entry of the \"list of subscriber
data\" }

ensure that {

**when** { SNPNs are available which broadcast the indication that
access using credentials from a credentials holder is supported }

**then** { UE selects a cell of the highest priority SNPN and UE
attempts a registration on the selected cell }

}

##### (2) {#section-186 .H6}

**with { UE** in Automatic network selection mode and supports access to
an SNPN using credentials from a credentials holder, using the SNPN
selection parameters in the selected entry of the \"list of subscriber
data\" }

ensure that {

**when** { SNPNs are available which broadcast the indication that
access using credentials from a credentials holder is supported highest
priority SNPN is not available}

**then** { UE selects a cell of the next priority available SNPN and UE
attempts a registration on the selected cell }

}

##### 6.5.3.5.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-98 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 23.122, cl 4.9.3.1.1. Unless otherwise stated these are
Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.9.3.1.1\]

If:

\- there is at least one entry in the \"list of subscriber data\"; or

\- there is zero or more entries in the \"list of subscriber data\", the
MS has a USIM with a PLMN subscription and the ME is provisioned with
the SNPN selection parameters associated with the PLMN subscription,

the MS shall select one entry in the \"list of subscriber data\", if
any, or the PLMN subscription, if any, to be used for automatic SNPN
selection. How the MS selects the entry in the \"list of subscriber
data\" or the PLMN subscription is MS implementation specific.

The MS selects an SNPN, if available and allowable, in the following
order:

a\) the SNPN with which the UE was last registered;

b\) the SNPN identified by an SNPN identity of the subscribed SNPN in
the selected entry of the \"list of subscriber data\" in the ME, if any;

c\) if the MS supports access to an SNPN using credentials from a
credentials holder, using the SNPN selection parameters in the selected
entry of the \"list of subscriber data\" or associated with the selected
PLMN subscription:

1\) each SNPN which broadcasts the indication that access using
credentials from a credentials holder is supported and which is
identified by an SNPN identity contained in the user controlled
prioritized list of preferred SNPNs (in priority order);

2\) each SNPN which broadcasts the indication that access using
credentials from a credentials holder is supported and which is
identified by an SNPN identity contained in the credentials holder
controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs (in priority order);

3\) each SNPN which broadcasts the indication that access using
credentials from a credentials holder is supported and which broadcast a
GIN contained in the credentials holder controlled prioritized list of
GINs (in priority order). If more than one such SNPN broadcast the same
GIN, the order in which the MS attempts registration on those SNPNs is
MS implementation specific; and

4\) each SNPN identified by an SNPN identity which is included neither
in the SNPN selection parameters of the entries of the \"list of
subscriber data\" nor in the SNPN selection parameters associated with
the PLMN subscription, which does not broadcast a GIN which is included
in the credentials holder controlled prioritized list of GINs, and which
broadcasts an indication that the SNPN allows registration attempts from
MSs that are not explicitly configured to select the SNPN. If more than
one such SNPN is available, the order in which the MS attempts
registration on those SNPNs is MS implementation specific.

The MS shall limit its search for the SNPN to the NG-RAN access
technology.

Once the MS selects the SNPN, the MS attempts registrations on the
selected SNPN using the NG-RAN access technology, the subscriber
identifier and the credentials from the selected entry of the \"list of
subscriber data\" or from the USIM, if the PLMN subscription is
selected.

If successful registration is achieved, the MS indicates the selected
SNPN.

If registration cannot be achieved because no SNPNs are available,
allowable, and identified by an SNPN identity in an entry of the \"list
of subscriber data\" in the ME, the MS indicates \"no service\" to the
user, waits until a new SNPN is available, allowable, and identified by
an SNPN identity in an entry of the \"list of subscriber data\" in the
ME and then repeats the procedure.

If there were one or more SNPNs which were available, allowable, and
identified by an SNPN identity in an entry of the \"list of subscriber
data\" in the ME but an LR failure made registration on those SNPNs
unsuccessful, the MS selects one of those SNPNs again and enters a
limited service state.

##### 6.5.3.5.3 Test description {#test-description-96 .H6}

##### 6.5.3.5.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-97 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-76 .H6}

\- 2 SNPN cells NR Cell 1, NR cell 3 are configured broadcasting default
SNPN IDs as indicated in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.2-4.

\- System information combination NR-27 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-89 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic SNPN selection mode.

\- The UE is provisioned with a "list of subscriber data" to allow
access to SNPN identified by NR cell 1 and NR Cell 3.

\- The SNPN identity of Cell 1 contained in the credentials holder
controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs is higher priority than
SNPN identity of Cell 3.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-93 .H6}

\- Ensure that the UE has cleared the Registered SNPN. And the UE is in
state Switched OFF (state 0-A).

##### 6.5.3.5.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-94 .H6}

Table 6.5.3.5.3.2-1/2 shows the cell configurations used during the
test. Subsequent configurations marked "T1", "T2", is applied at the
points indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table
6.5.3.5.3.2-3. Cell powers are chosen for a serving cell and a
non-suitable "Off" cell as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.2.2.1-3
for FR1 and Table 6.2.2.2-2 for FR2.

Table 6.5.3.5.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| ** **  | **Parameter** | **Unit** | **NR Cell 1** | **NR Cell 3** | **Remarks** |
+========+===============+==========+===============+===============+=============+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH       | dBm/SCS  | -88           | -78           |             |
|        |               |          |               |               |             |
|        | SSS EPRE      |          |               |               |             |
+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH       | dBm/SCS  | "Off"         | -78           |             |
|        |               |          |               |               |             |
|        | SSS EPRE      |          |               |               |             |
+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+

Table 6.5.3.5.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| ** **  | **Parameter** | **Unit** | **NR Cell 1** | **NR Cell 3** | **Remarks** |
+========+===============+==========+===============+===============+=============+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH       | dBm/SCS  | -91           | -82           |             |
|        |               |          |               |               |             |
|        | SSS EPRE      |          |               |               |             |
+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH       | dBm/SCS  | "Off"         | -82           |             |
|        |               |          |               |               |             |
|        | SSS EPRE      |          |               |               |             |
+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+

Table 6.5.3.5.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  **St**    **Procedure**                                                                                                     **Message Sequence**   **TP**                      **Verdict**   
  --------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------- --------------------------- ------------- ----
                                                                                                                              **U - S**              **Message**                               
  1         SS adjusts cell levels according to row T1 of table 6.5.3.5.3.2-1/2.                                              \-                     \-                          \-            \-
  2         Power on the UE.                                                                                                  \-                     \-                          \-            \-
  3         Check: Does the UE send a *RRCSetupRequest* on NR Cell 1?                                                         \--\>                  NR RRC: *RRCSetupRequest*   1             P
  4-21a1    Steps 3 to 20a1 of Table 4.5.2.2-2 of the generic procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] are performed on NR Cell 1.      \-                     \-                          \-            \-
  22        SS adjusts cell levels according to row T2 of table 6.5.3.5.3.2-1/2.                                              \-                     \-                          \-            \-
  23        Check: Does the UE send a *RRCSetupRequest* on NR Cell 3.                                                         \--\>                  *NR RRC: RRCSetupRequest*   2             P
  24-27a1   Steps 3 to 6a1 of the generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.5.2.2-1 are performed on NR Cell 3.   \-                     *-*                         \-            \-

##### 6.5.3.5.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-89 .H6}

None

#### 6.5.3.6 SNPN / Limited service / No valid subscriber data

##### 6.5.3.6.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-99 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-187 .H6}

**with {** UE in SNPN access mode and the \"list of subscriber data\"
with no valid entry and UE is not configured with the default UE
credentials }

ensure that {

**when** { an acceptable SNPN cell is available and UE needs to make a
emergency call }

**then** { UE selects the SNPN cell and attempts to camp on it }

}

##### (2) {#section-188 .H6}

**with {** UE in SNPN access mode and the \"list of subscriber data\"
with no valid entry and UE is configured with the default UE credentials
}

ensure that {

**when** { an acceptable SNPN cell supporting onboarding services is
available }

**then** { UE selects the SNPN cell for onboardig services }

}

##### 6.5.3.6.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-99 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 23.122, cl 3.5. Unless otherwise stated these are
Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause 3.5\]

There are a number of situations in which the MS is unable to obtain
normal service from a PLMN or SNPN. These include:

a\) Failure to find a suitable cell of the selected PLMN or of the
selected SNPN;

b\) No SIM in the MS or the \"list of subscriber data\" with no valid
entry;

...

For the items a, c, d and f, if the MS operates in SNPN access mode and
the MS has a valid entry in the \"list of subscriber data\", the MS
shall search for available and allowable SNPNs in the manner described
in clause 4.9.3.1. For the item b, if the MS operates in SNPN access
mode, the MS:

\- attempts to camp on an acceptable cell so that emergency calls can be
made if supported and necessary; and

\- may perform SNPN selection procedure for onboarding services in SNPN
if the MS is configured with the default UE credentials for primary
authentication.

For the item l, the MS shall search for available and allowable PLMNs in
the manner described in clause 4.4.3.1 and when indicated in the SIM
also as described in clause 4.4.3.4.

When in the limited service state, with the exception of performing an
initial registration for emergency services, no LR requests are made
until a valid entry of the \"list of subscriber data\" is present and
either a suitable cell is found or a manual network reselection is
performed. In the limited service state, the presence of the MS need not
be known to the SNPN on whose cell it has camped. If the MS needs to
make an emergency call, the MS supports accessing a PLMN, and there is
no available SNPN supporting emergency services, the MS shall stop
operating in SNPN access mode and attempt to camp on a cell of a PLMN so
that emergency calls can be made. After an emergency call is released,
the MS may re-start operating in SNPN access mode and perform SNPN
selection.

There are also other conditions under which only emergency calls or
access to RLOS may be made if the MS does not operate in SNPN access
mode. These are shown in table 2 in clause 5. ProSe communications can
be initiated in case of PLMN if necessary (see 3GPP TS 24.334 \[51\] or
3GPP TS 24.554 \[80\]) when in the limited service state due to items a)
or c) or f). V2X communication over PC5 can be initiated if necessary
(see 3GPP TS 24.386 \[59\] or 3GPP TS 24.587 \[75\]) when in the limited
service state due to items a) or c) or f).

##### 6.5.3.6.3 Test description {#test-description-97 .H6}

##### 6.5.3.6.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-98 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-77 .H6}

\- 1 SNPN cell NR Cell 1 is configured broadcasting default SNPN IDs as
indicated in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.2-4.

\- System information combination NR-26 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-90 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic SNPN selection mode.

\- The UE is not provisioned with a "list of subscriber data" to allow
access to SNPN identified by NR cell 1.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-94 .H6}

\- Ensure that the UE has cleared the Registered SNPN. And the UE is in
state Switched OFF (state 0-A).

##### 6.5.3.6.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-95 .H6}

Table 6.5.3.6.3.2-1: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| **St**    | **Pr      | **Message | **TP**    | **        |    |
|           | ocedure** | S         |           | Verdict** |    |
|           |           | equence** |           |           |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+====+
|           |           | **U - S** | **        |           |    |
|           |           |           | Message** |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 1         | Power on  | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | the UE.   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| \-        | E         |           |           |           |    |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |           |    |
|           | The       |           |           |           |    |
|           | \"lower   |           |           |           |    |
|           | case      |           |           |           |    |
|           | letter\"  |           |           |           |    |
|           | i         |           |           |           |    |
|           | dentifies |           |           |           |    |
|           | a step    |           |           |           |    |
|           | sequence  |           |           |           |    |
|           | that      |           |           |           |    |
|           | takes     |           |           |           |    |
|           | place     |           |           |           |    |
|           | depending |           |           |           |    |
|           | on the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | size of   |           |           |           |    |
|           | UE        |           |           |           |    |
|           | c         |           |           |           |    |
|           | apability |           |           |           |    |
|           | message.  |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
|           | IF        |           |           |           |    |
|           | pc        |           |           |           |    |
|           | \_onboard |           |           |           |    |
|           | ing\_SNPN |           |           |           |    |
|           | then      |           |           |           |    |
|           | steps 2a1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | and 2a19  |           |           |           |    |
|           | will be   |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | else step |           |           |           |    |
|           | 2b1-2b23  |           |           |           |    |
|           | will be   |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 2a1       | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 2         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |           |    |
|           | UE send a |           | pRequest* |           |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |           |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1?   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 2a2-2a19  | Steps 3   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |           |    |
|           | of Table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1    |           |           |           |    |
|           | with      |           |           |           |    |
|           | '*        |           |           |           |    |
|           | connected |           |           |           |    |
|           | without   |           |           |           |    |
|           | r         |           |           |           |    |
|           | elease'*. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 2b1       | Cause the | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | UE to     |           |           |           |    |
|           | originate |           |           |           |    |
|           | Emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | call.     |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 1)  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 2b2       | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | RRCSet    |           |    |
|           | UE        |           | upRequest |           |    |
|           | transmits |           |           |           |    |
|           | an        |           |           |           |    |
|           | RRCSet    |           |           |           |    |
|           | upRequest |           |           |           |    |
|           | message   |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1    |           |           |           |    |
|           | with      |           |           |           |    |
|           | establish |           |           |           |    |
|           | mentCause |           |           |           |    |
|           | set to    |           |           |           |    |
|           | \'eme     |           |           |           |    |
|           | rgency\'? |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 2b3-2b4   | Steps 3   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | to 4 of   |           |           |           |    |
|           | the       |           |           |           |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |           |    |
|           | istration |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | described |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | are       |           |           |           |    |
|           | p         |           |           |           |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 2b5       | The UE    | \--\>     | 5G MM:    | \-        | \- |
|           | transmit  |           | REG       |           |    |
|           | a         |           | ISTRATION |           |    |
|           | REG       |           | REQUEST   |           |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |           |    |
|           | REQUEST   |           |           |           |    |
|           | message   |           |           |           |    |
|           | with IE   |           |           |           |    |
|           | 5GS       |           |           |           |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |           |    |
|           | istration |           |           |           |    |
|           | type set  |           |           |           |    |
|           | to        |           |           |           |    |
|           | \"        |           |           |           |    |
|           | Emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | regis     |           |           |           |    |
|           | tration\" |           |           |           |    |
|           | or        |           |           |           |    |
|           | "Initial  |           |           |           |    |
|           | regis     |           |           |           |    |
|           | tration". |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 1)  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 2b6-2b13  | Steps 5   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | to 13 of  |           |           |           |    |
|           | the       |           |           |           |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |           |    |
|           | istration |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | described |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | are       |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1    |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 2b14      | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-        | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *DLIn     |           |    |
|           | a         |           | formation |           |    |
|           | *DLIn     |           | Transfer* |           |    |
|           | formation |           |           |           |    |
|           | Transfer* |           | 5G MM:    |           |    |
|           | message   |           | REG       |           |    |
|           | and a     |           | ISTRATION |           |    |
|           | REG       |           | ACCEPT    |           |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |           |    |
|           | ACCEPT    |           |           |           |    |
|           | message   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 2b15      | The UE    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | \-        | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *ULIn     |           |    |
|           | an        |           | formation |           |    |
|           | *ULIn     |           | Transfer* |           |    |
|           | formation |           |           |           |    |
|           | Transfer* |           | 5G MM:    |           |    |
|           | message   |           | REG       |           |    |
|           | and       |           | ISTRATION |           |    |
|           | REG       |           | COMPLETE  |           |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |           |    |
|           | COMPLETE  |           |           |           |    |
|           | message   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 2b16      | Check:    | \--\>     | 5GMM: UL  | 1         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | NAS       |           |    |
|           | UE        |           | TRANSPORT |           |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |           |    |
|           | an UL NAS |           | 5GSM: PDU |           |    |
|           | TRANSPORT |           | SESSION   |           |    |
|           | message   |           | ESTA      |           |    |
|           | with      |           | BLISHMENT |           |    |
|           | \"Request |           | REQUEST   |           |    |
|           | type\"    |           |           |           |    |
|           | set to    |           |           |           |    |
|           | \"initial |           |           |           |    |
|           | emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | r         |           |           |           |    |
|           | equest\", |           |           |           |    |
|           | and a PDU |           |           |           |    |
|           | SESSION   |           |           |           |    |
|           | ESTA      |           |           |           |    |
|           | BLISHMENT |           |           |           |    |
|           | REQUEST   |           |           |           |    |
|           | message   |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1?   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |           |    |
|           | Steps     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 2b17a1    |           |           |           |    |
|           | describe  |           |           |           |    |
|           | behaviour |           |           |           |    |
|           | depending |           |           |           |    |
|           | on UE     |           |           |           |    |
|           | implem    |           |           |           |    |
|           | entation; |           |           |           |    |
|           | the       |           |           |           |    |
|           | \"lower   |           |           |           |    |
|           | case      |           |           |           |    |
|           | letter\"  |           |           |           |    |
|           | i         |           |           |           |    |
|           | dentifies |           |           |           |    |
|           | a step    |           |           |           |    |
|           | sequence  |           |           |           |    |
|           | that take |           |           |           |    |
|           | place if  |           |           |           |    |
|           | the UE    |           |           |           |    |
|           | performs  |           |           |           |    |
|           | a         |           |           |           |    |
|           | specific  |           |           |           |    |
|           | action.   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |           |    |
|           | The       |           |           |           |    |
|           | behaviour |           |           |           |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |           |    |
|           | 2b17a1    |           |           |           |    |
|           | occurs in |           |           |           |    |
|           | parallel  |           |           |           |    |
|           | with      |           |           |           |    |
|           | steps     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 2         |           |           |           |    |
|           | b18-2b22. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 2b17a1    | IF 5GS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | reg       |           |           |           |    |
|           | istration |           |           |           |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |           |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |           |    |
|           | Initial   |           |           |           |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |           |    |
|           | istration |           |           |           |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6, THEN   |           |           |           |    |
|           | the       |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | for       |           |           |           |    |
|           | UE-       |           |           |           |    |
|           | requested |           |           |           |    |
|           | PDU       |           |           |           |    |
|           | session   |           |           |           |    |
|           | estab     |           |           |           |    |
|           | lishment, |           |           |           |    |
|           | specified |           |           |           |    |
|           | in        |           |           |           |    |
|           | subclause |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5A.2,   |           |           |           |    |
|           | takes     |           |           |           |    |
|           | place     |           |           |           |    |
|           | p         |           |           |           |    |
|           | erforming |           |           |           |    |
|           | esta      |           |           |           |    |
|           | blishment |           |           |           |    |
|           | of        |           |           |           |    |
|           | UE-       |           |           |           |    |
|           | requested |           |           |           |    |
|           | PDU       |           |           |           |    |
|           | s         |           |           |           |    |
|           | ession(s) |           |           |           |    |
|           | with      |           |           |           |    |
|           | Exp       |           |           |           |    |
|           | ectedNumb |           |           |           |    |
|           | erOfNewPD |           |           |           |    |
|           | USessions |           |           |           |    |
|           | =         |           |           |           |    |
|           | pc        |           |           |           |    |
|           | \_noOf\_P |           |           |           |    |
|           | DUsSameCo |           |           |           |    |
|           | nnection. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 2b18-2b22 | Steps 9   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | to 13 of  |           |           |           |    |
|           | the       |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | of \"IMS  |           |           |           |    |
|           | Emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | call      |           |           |           |    |
|           | esta      |           |           |           |    |
|           | blishment |           |           |           |    |
|           | in 5GC    |           |           |           |    |
|           | with IMS  |           |           |           |    |
|           | emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | regis     |           |           |           |    |
|           | tration\" |           |           |           |    |
|           | described |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.9       |           |           |           |    |
|           | .11.2.2-1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | are       |           |           |           |    |
|           | p         |           |           |           |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 2b23      | Generic   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | of \"Test |           |           |           |    |
|           | Procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | for IMS   |           |           |           |    |
|           | MO        |           |           |           |    |
|           | Emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | call      |           |           |           |    |
|           | release\" |           |           |           |    |
|           | described |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.9.      |           |           |           |    |
|           | 12A.2.2-1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | are       |           |           |           |    |
|           | p         |           |           |           |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| This can  |           |           |           |           |    |
| be done   |           |           |           |           |    |
| by an     |           |           |           |           |    |
| AT/MMI    |           |           |           |           |    |
| command.  |           |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| 5GS       |           |           |           |           |    |
| reg       |           |           |           |           |    |
| istration |           |           |           |           |    |
| type can  |           |           |           |           |    |
| set to    |           |           |           |           |    |
| either    |           |           |           |           |    |
| \"initial |           |           |           |           |    |
| regis     |           |           |           |           |    |
| tration\" |           |           |           |           |    |
| according |           |           |           |           |    |
| to TS     |           |           |           |           |    |
| 24.501    |           |           |           |           |    |
| clause    |           |           |           |           |    |
| 5.2.2.3.3 |           |           |           |           |    |
| or        |           |           |           |           |    |
| \"        |           |           |           |           |    |
| emergency |           |           |           |           |    |
| regis     |           |           |           |           |    |
| tration\" |           |           |           |           |    |
| according |           |           |           |           |    |
| to TS     |           |           |           |           |    |
| 24.501    |           |           |           |           |    |
| clause    |           |           |           |           |    |
| 5.5.1.2.  |           |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+

##### 6.5.3.6.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-90 .H6}

None

#### 6.5.3.7 SNPN / User Reselection in Automatic Mode / Using credentials from a credentials holder

##### 6.5.3.7.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-100 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-189 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic SNPN selection mode and registered on an SNPN
cell and supports access to an SNPN using credentials from a credentials
holder, using the SNPN selection parameters in the selected entry of the
\"list of subscriber data\" or associated with the selected PLMN
subscription }

**ensure that** {

**when** { another SNPN is available supporting access using credentials
from a credentials holder or allow registration attempts from MSs that
are not explicitly configured to select the SNPN and UE is requested to
initiate reselection and registration onto an available SNPN }

**then** { UE reselects the SNPN cell }

}

##### 6.5.3.7.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-100 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 23.122, cl 4.9.3.2.1. Unless otherwise stated these are
Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.9.3.2.1\]

If:

\- there is at least one entry in the \"list of subscriber data\"; or

\- there is zero or more entries in the \"list of subscriber data\", the
MS has a USIM with a PLMN subscription and the ME is provisioned with
the SNPN selection parameters associated with the PLMN subscription,

the MS shall select one entry in the \"list of subscriber data\", or the
PLMN subscription, if any, to be used for automatic SNPN selection. How
the MS selects the entry in the \"list of subscriber data\" or the PLMN
subscription is MS implementation specific.

The MS selects an SNPNs, if available and allowable, in accordance with
the following order:

a\) the SNPN identified by an SNPN identity of the subscribed SNPN in
the selected entry of the \"list of subscriber data\" in the ME, if any,
excluding the previously selected SNPN;

b\) if the MS supports access to an SNPN using credentials from a
credentials holder, using the SNPN selection parameters in the selected
entry of the \"list of subscriber data\" or associated with the selected
PLMN subscription:

1\) each SNPN which broadcasts the indication that access using
credentials from a credentials holder is supported and which is
identified by an SNPN identity contained in the user controlled
prioritized list of preferred SNPNs (in priority order), excluding the
previously selected SNPN;

2\) each SNPN which broadcasts the indication that access using
credentials from a credentials holder is supported and which is
identified by an SNPN identity contained in the credentials holder
controlled prioritized list of preferred SNPNs (in priority order),
excluding the previously selected SNPN;

3\) each SNPN which broadcasts the indication that access using
credentials from a credentials holder is supported and which broadcast a
GIN contained in the credentials holder controlled prioritized list of
GINs (in priority order), excluding the previously selected SNPN. If
more than one such SNPN broadcast the same GIN, the order in which the
MS attempts registration on those SNPNs is MS implementation specific;
and

4\) each SNPN identified by an SNPN identity which is included neither
in the SNPN selection parameters of the entries of the \"list of
subscriber data\" nor in the SNPN selection parameters associated with
the PLMN subscription and which broadcasts an indication that the SNPN
allows registration attempts from MSs that are not explicitly configured
to select the SNPN, excluding the previously selected SNPN. If more than
one such SNPN is available, the order in which the MS attempts
registration on those SNPNs is MS implementation specific.

c\) the previously selected SNPN.

The MS shall limit its search for the SNPN to the NG-RAN access
technology.

The previously selected SNPN is the SNPN which the MS has selected prior
to the start of the user reselection procedure.

Once the MS selects an SNPN, if the selected SNPN is other than the
previously selected SNPN, the MS attempts registrations on the selected
SNPN using the NG-RAN access technology, the subscriber identifier and
the credentials from the selected entry of the \"list of subscriber
data\" or from the USIM, if the PLMN subscription is selected.

NOTE: If the previously selected SNPN is selected, and registration has
not been attempted on any other SNPNs, then the MS is already registered
on the SNPN, and so registration is not necessary.

##### 6.5.3.7.3 Test description {#test-description-98 .H6}

##### 6.5.3.7.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-99 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-78 .H6}

\- 2 SNPN cells NR Cell 1, NR cell 3 are configured broadcasting default
SNPN IDs as indicated in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.2-4.

\- System information combination NR-27 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-91 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic SNPN selection mode.

\- The UE is provisioned with a "list of subscriber data" to allow
access to SNPN identified by NR cell 1.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-95 .H6}

\- Ensure that the UE has cleared the Registered SNPN. And the UE is in
state Switched OFF (state 0-A).

##### 6.5.3.7.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-96 .H6}

Table 6.5.3.7.3.2-1/2 shows the cell configurations used during the
test. Subsequent configurations marked "T1" & "T2", is applied at the
points indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table
6.5.3.7.3.2-3. Cell powers are chosen for a serving cell and a
non-suitable "Off" cell as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.2.2.1-3
for FR1 and Table 6.2.2.2-2 for FR2.

Table 6.5.3.7.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| ** **  | **Parameter** | **Unit** | **NR Cell 1** | **NR Cell 3** | **Remarks** |
+========+===============+==========+===============+===============+=============+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH       | dBm/SCS  | -88           | "Off"         |             |
|        |               |          |               |               |             |
|        | SSS EPRE      |          |               |               |             |
+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH       | dBm/SCS  | -78           | -88           |             |
|        |               |          |               |               |             |
|        | SSS EPRE      |          |               |               |             |
+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+

Table 6.5.3.7.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| ** **  | **Parameter** | **Unit** | **NR Cell 1** | **NR Cell 3** | **Remarks** |
+========+===============+==========+===============+===============+=============+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH       | dBm/SCS  | -91           | "Off"         |             |
|        |               |          |               |               |             |
|        | SSS EPRE      |          |               |               |             |
+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH       | dBm/SCS  | -82           | -91           |             |
|        |               |          |               |               |             |
|        | SSS EPRE      |          |               |               |             |
+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+

Table 6.5.3.7.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  **St**                                           **Procedure**                                                                                                                                             **Message Sequence**   **TP**                      **Verdict**   
  ------------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------- --------------------------- ------------- ----
                                                                                                                                                                                                             **U - S**              **Message**                               
  1                                                SS adjusts cell levels according to row T1 of table 6.5.3.7.3.2-1/2.                                                                                      \-                     \-                          \-            \-
  2                                                Power on the UE.                                                                                                                                          \-                     \-                          \-            \-
  3                                                The UE sends a *RRCSetupRequest* on NR Cell 1.                                                                                                            \--\>                  NR RRC: *RRCSetupRequest*   \-            \-
  4-21a1                                           Steps 3 to 20a1 of Table 4.5.2.2-2 of the generic procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] are performed on NR Cell 1.                                              \-                     \-                          \-            \-
  22                                               SS adjusts cell levels according to row T2 of table 6.5.3.7.3.2-1/2.                                                                                      \-                     \-                          \-            \-
  23                                               Cause the UE in Automatic network selection mode to initiate user reselection and registration onto an available SNPN identified by NR cell 3. (Note 1)   \-                     \-                          \-            \-
  24                                               Check: Does the UE send a *RRCSetupRequest* on NR Cell 3?                                                                                                 \--\>                  NR RRC: *RRCSetupRequest*   1             P
  25-42a1                                          Steps 3 to 20a1 of Table 4.5.2.2-2 of the generic procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] are performed on NR Cell 1.                                              \-                     \-                          \-            \-
  Note 1: This can be done by an AT/MMI command.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

##### 6.5.3.7.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-91 .H6}

None

#### 6.5.3.8 SNPN / cell reselection for IMS emergency services

##### 6.5.3.8.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-101 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-190 .H6}

**with** { UE in SNPN access mode is in NR RRC\_IDLE state and supports
voice services }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE receives SIB1 message indicating that the current cell
does not support IMS voice calls for any SNPN(s) }

**then** { UE perform cell selection/reselection to an acceptable cell
of any available SNPN supporting emergency calls }

}

##### 6.5.3.8.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-101 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 38.304, clause 5.2.8. Unless otherwise stated these are
Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.8\]

This state is only applicable for RRC\_IDLE state. In this state, the UE
shall perform the following tasks:

\- monitor Short Messages transmitted with P-RNTI over DCI as specified
in clause 6.5 in TS 38.331 \[3\];

\- monitor relevant System Information as specified in TS 38.331 \[3\];

\- perform necessary measurements for the cell reselection evaluation
procedure;

\- execute the cell reselection evaluation process on the following
occasions/triggers:

1\) UE internal triggers, so as to meet performance as specified in TS
38.133 \[8\];

2\) When information on the BCCH used for the cell reselection
evaluation procedure has been modified.

\- regularly attempt to find a suitable cell trying all frequencies of
all RATs that are supported by the UE. If a suitable cell is found, UE
shall move to *camped normally* state.

\- if the UE supports voice services, the UE is not in SNPN access mode,
and the current cell does not support IMS emergency calls as indicated
by the field *ims-EmergencySupport* in SIB1 as specified in TS 38.331
\[3\], the UE shall perform cell selection/reselection to an acceptable
cell that supports emergency calls in any supported RAT regardless of
priorities provided in system information from current cell, if no
suitable cell is found.

\- if the UE supports voice services, the UE is in SNPN access mode, and
the current cell does not support IMS emergency calls for any SNPN(s) as
indicated by the field *imsEmergencySupportForSNPN* in SIB1 as specified
in TS 38.331 \[3\], the UE shall perform cell selection/reselection to
an acceptable cell of any available SNPN that supports emergency calls,
if no suitable cell is found.

##### 6.5.3.8.3 Test description {#test-description-99 .H6}

##### 6.5.3.8.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-100 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-79 .H6}

\- 2 SNPN cells NR Cell 1, NR cell 3 are configured broadcasting default
SNPN IDs as indicated in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.2-4.

\- System information combination NR-27 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-92 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic SNPN selection mode.

\- The UE is provisioned with a "list of subscriber data" to allow
access to SNPN identified by NR cell 1 only.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-96 .H6}

\- Ensure that the UE has cleared the Registered SNPN. And the UE is in
state Switched OFF (state 0-A).

##### 6.5.3.8.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-97 .H6}

Table 6.5.3.8.3.2-1/2 shows the cell configurations used during the
test. Subsequent configurations marked "T1" & "T2", is applied at the
points indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table
6.5.3.8.3.2-3. Cell powers are chosen for a serving cell and a
non-suitable "Off" cell as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.2.2.1-3
for FR1 and Table 6.2.2.2-2 for FR2.

Table 6.5.3.8.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| ** **  | **Parameter** | **Unit** | **NR Cell 1** | **NR Cell 3** | **Remarks** |
+========+===============+==========+===============+===============+=============+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH       | dBm/SCS  | -78           | "Off"         |             |
|        |               |          |               |               |             |
|        | SSS EPRE      |          |               |               |             |
+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH       | dBm/SCS  | -78           | -88           |             |
|        |               |          |               |               |             |
|        | SSS EPRE      |          |               |               |             |
+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+

Table 6.5.3.8.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| ** **  | **Parameter** | **Unit** | **NR Cell 1** | **NR Cell 3** | **Remarks** |
+========+===============+==========+===============+===============+=============+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH       | dBm/SCS  | -82           | "Off"         |             |
|        |               |          |               |               |             |
|        | SSS EPRE      |          |               |               |             |
+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH       | dBm/SCS  | -82           | -91           |             |
|        |               |          |               |               |             |
|        | SSS EPRE      |          |               |               |             |
+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+

Table 6.5.3.8.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| **St**    | **Pr      | **Message | **TP**    | **        |    |
|           | ocedure** | S         |           | Verdict** |    |
|           |           | equence** |           |           |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+====+
|           |           | **U - S** | **        |           |    |
|           |           |           | Message** |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 1         | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row T1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.5.3.    |           |           |           |    |
|           | 8.3.2-1/2 |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 1A        | Power on  |           |           |           |    |
|           | the UE.   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 1B        | 5 Minutes | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | after     |           |           |           |    |
|           | step 1A,  |           |           |           |    |
|           | SS        |           |           |           |    |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row T2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.5.3.    |           |           |           |    |
|           | 8.3.2-1/2 |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 2         | Cause the | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | UE to     |           |           |           |    |
|           | originate |           |           |           |    |
|           | Emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | call.     |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 1)  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 3         | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | RRCSet    |           |    |
|           | UE        |           | upRequest |           |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |           |    |
|           | an        |           |           |           |    |
|           | RRCSet    |           |           |           |    |
|           | upRequest |           |           |           |    |
|           | message   |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 3    |           |           |           |    |
|           | with      |           |           |           |    |
|           | establish |           |           |           |    |
|           | mentCause |           |           |           |    |
|           | set to    |           |           |           |    |
|           | \'eme     |           |           |           |    |
|           | rgency\'? |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 3-4       | Steps 3   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | to 4 of   |           |           |           |    |
|           | the       |           |           |           |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |           |    |
|           | istration |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | described |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | are       |           |           |           |    |
|           | p         |           |           |           |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 5         | The UE    | \--\>     | 5G MM:    | \-        | \- |
|           | transmit  |           | REG       |           |    |
|           | a         |           | ISTRATION |           |    |
|           | REG       |           | REQUEST   |           |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |           |    |
|           | REQUEST   |           |           |           |    |
|           | message   |           |           |           |    |
|           | with IE   |           |           |           |    |
|           | 5GS       |           |           |           |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |           |    |
|           | istration |           |           |           |    |
|           | type set  |           |           |           |    |
|           | to        |           |           |           |    |
|           | \"        |           |           |           |    |
|           | Emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | regis     |           |           |           |    |
|           | tration\" |           |           |           |    |
|           | or        |           |           |           |    |
|           | "Initial  |           |           |           |    |
|           | regis     |           |           |           |    |
|           | tration". |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 1)  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 6-14      | Steps 5   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | to 13 of  |           |           |           |    |
|           | the       |           |           |           |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |           |    |
|           | istration |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | described |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | are       |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1    |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 15        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-        | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *DLIn     |           |    |
|           | a         |           | formation |           |    |
|           | *DLIn     |           | Transfer* |           |    |
|           | formation |           |           |           |    |
|           | Transfer* |           | 5G MM:    |           |    |
|           | message   |           | REG       |           |    |
|           | and a     |           | ISTRATION |           |    |
|           | REG       |           | ACCEPT    |           |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |           |    |
|           | ACCEPT    |           |           |           |    |
|           | message   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 16        | The UE    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | \-        | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *ULIn     |           |    |
|           | an        |           | formation |           |    |
|           | *ULIn     |           | Transfer* |           |    |
|           | formation |           |           |           |    |
|           | Transfer* |           | 5G MM:    |           |    |
|           | message   |           | REG       |           |    |
|           | and       |           | ISTRATION |           |    |
|           | REG       |           | COMPLETE  |           |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |           |    |
|           | COMPLETE  |           |           |           |    |
|           | message   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 17        | Check:    | \--\>     | 5GMM: UL  |           |    |
|           | Does the  |           | NAS       |           |    |
|           | UE        |           | TRANSPORT |           |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |           |    |
|           | an UL NAS |           | 5GSM: PDU |           |    |
|           | TRANSPORT |           | SESSION   |           |    |
|           | message   |           | ESTA      |           |    |
|           | with      |           | BLISHMENT |           |    |
|           | \"Request |           | REQUEST   |           |    |
|           | type\"    |           |           |           |    |
|           | set to    |           |           |           |    |
|           | \"initial |           |           |           |    |
|           | emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | r         |           |           |           |    |
|           | equest\", |           |           |           |    |
|           | and a PDU |           |           |           |    |
|           | SESSION   |           |           |           |    |
|           | ESTA      |           |           |           |    |
|           | BLISHMENT |           |           |           |    |
|           | REQUEST   |           |           |           |    |
|           | message   |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1    |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |           |    |
|           | Steps     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 18a1      |           |           |           |    |
|           | describe  |           |           |           |    |
|           | behaviour |           |           |           |    |
|           | depending |           |           |           |    |
|           | on UE     |           |           |           |    |
|           | implem    |           |           |           |    |
|           | entation; |           |           |           |    |
|           | the       |           |           |           |    |
|           | \"lower   |           |           |           |    |
|           | case      |           |           |           |    |
|           | letter\"  |           |           |           |    |
|           | i         |           |           |           |    |
|           | dentifies |           |           |           |    |
|           | a step    |           |           |           |    |
|           | sequence  |           |           |           |    |
|           | that take |           |           |           |    |
|           | place if  |           |           |           |    |
|           | the UE    |           |           |           |    |
|           | performs  |           |           |           |    |
|           | a         |           |           |           |    |
|           | specific  |           |           |           |    |
|           | action.   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |           |    |
|           | The       |           |           |           |    |
|           | behaviour |           |           |           |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |           |    |
|           | 18a1      |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
|           | occurs in |           |           |           |    |
|           | parallel  |           |           |           |    |
|           | with      |           |           |           |    |
|           | steps     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 19-23     |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 18a1      | IF 5GS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | reg       |           |           |           |    |
|           | istration |           |           |           |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |           |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |           |    |
|           | Initial   |           |           |           |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |           |    |
|           | istration |           |           |           |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6, THEN   |           |           |           |    |
|           | the       |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | for       |           |           |           |    |
|           | UE-       |           |           |           |    |
|           | requested |           |           |           |    |
|           | PDU       |           |           |           |    |
|           | session   |           |           |           |    |
|           | estab     |           |           |           |    |
|           | lishment, |           |           |           |    |
|           | specified |           |           |           |    |
|           | in        |           |           |           |    |
|           | subclause |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5A.2,   |           |           |           |    |
|           | takes     |           |           |           |    |
|           | place     |           |           |           |    |
|           | p         |           |           |           |    |
|           | erforming |           |           |           |    |
|           | esta      |           |           |           |    |
|           | blishment |           |           |           |    |
|           | of        |           |           |           |    |
|           | UE-       |           |           |           |    |
|           | requested |           |           |           |    |
|           | PDU       |           |           |           |    |
|           | s         |           |           |           |    |
|           | ession(s) |           |           |           |    |
|           | with      |           |           |           |    |
|           | Exp       |           |           |           |    |
|           | ectedNumb |           |           |           |    |
|           | erOfNewPD |           |           |           |    |
|           | USessions |           |           |           |    |
|           | =         |           |           |           |    |
|           | pc        |           |           |           |    |
|           | \_noOf\_P |           |           |           |    |
|           | DUsSameCo |           |           |           |    |
|           | nnection. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 19-23     | Steps 9   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | to 13 of  |           |           |           |    |
|           | the       |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | of \"IMS  |           |           |           |    |
|           | Emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | call      |           |           |           |    |
|           | esta      |           |           |           |    |
|           | blishment |           |           |           |    |
|           | in 5GC    |           |           |           |    |
|           | with IMS  |           |           |           |    |
|           | emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | regis     |           |           |           |    |
|           | tration\" |           |           |           |    |
|           | described |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.9       |           |           |           |    |
|           | .11.2.2-1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | are       |           |           |           |    |
|           | p         |           |           |           |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 24        | Generic   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | of \"Test |           |           |           |    |
|           | Procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | for IMS   |           |           |           |    |
|           | MO        |           |           |           |    |
|           | Emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | call      |           |           |           |    |
|           | release\" |           |           |           |    |
|           | described |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.9.      |           |           |           |    |
|           | 12A.2.2-1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | are       |           |           |           |    |
|           | p         |           |           |           |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| This can  |           |           |           |           |    |
| be done   |           |           |           |           |    |
| by an     |           |           |           |           |    |
| AT/MMI    |           |           |           |           |    |
| command.  |           |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| 5GS       |           |           |           |           |    |
| reg       |           |           |           |           |    |
| istration |           |           |           |           |    |
| type can  |           |           |           |           |    |
| set to    |           |           |           |           |    |
| either    |           |           |           |           |    |
| \"initial |           |           |           |           |    |
| regis     |           |           |           |           |    |
| tration\" |           |           |           |           |    |
| according |           |           |           |           |    |
| to TS     |           |           |           |           |    |
| 24.501    |           |           |           |           |    |
| clause    |           |           |           |           |    |
| 5.2.2.3.3 |           |           |           |           |    |
| or        |           |           |           |           |    |
| \"        |           |           |           |           |    |
| emergency |           |           |           |           |    |
| regis     |           |           |           |           |    |
| tration\" |           |           |           |           |    |
| according |           |           |           |           |    |
| to TS     |           |           |           |           |    |
| 24.501    |           |           |           |           |    |
| clause    |           |           |           |           |    |
| 5.5.1.2.  |           |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+

##### 6.5.3.8.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-92 .H6}

Table 6.5.3.8.3.3-1: SIB1 for NR Cell 1 (preamble)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                                 
  ---------------------------------------------------- ----------------------- --------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/Remark            Comment               Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                
  cellAccessRelatedInfo                                CellAccessRelatedInfo   Table 6.5.3.8.3.3-2   
  }                                                                                                  

Table 6.5.3.8.3.3-2: CellAccessRelatedInfo (Table 6.5.3.8.3.3-1)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.3-16 with condition eNPN                                      
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                Value/Remark   Comment   Condition
  CellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                            
  cellReservedForOtherUse                                                            true                     
  snpn-AccessInfoList-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxNPN-r16)) OF SNPN-AccessInfo-r17 {   1 entry                  
  SNPN-AccessInfo-r17\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                               entry 1   
  imsEmergencySupportForSNPN-r17                                                     false                    
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           

#### 6.5.3.9 SNPN / cell reselection / SNPN to PLMN

##### 6.5.3.9.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-102 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-191 .H6}

**with** { UE in SNPN access mode is in limited service state and
supports accessing a PLMN }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE needs to make an emergency call and there is no available
SNPN supporting emergency services }

**then** { UE stops operating in SNPN access mode and attempts to camp
on a cell of a PLMN }

}

##### 6.5.3.9.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-102 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 23.122, clause 3.5. Unless otherwise stated these are
Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause 3.5\]

There are a number of situations in which the MS is unable to obtain
normal service from a PLMN or SNPN. These include:

a\) Failure to find a suitable cell of the selected PLMN or of the
selected SNPN;

...

When in the limited service state, with the exception of performing an
initial registration for emergency services, no LR requests are made
until a valid entry of the \"list of subscriber data\" is present and
either a suitable cell is found or a manual network reselection is
performed. In the limited service state, the presence of the MS need not
be known to the SNPN on whose cell it has camped. If the MS needs to
make an emergency call, the MS supports accessing a PLMN, and there is
no available SNPN supporting emergency services, the MS shall stop
operating in SNPN access mode and attempt to camp on a cell of a PLMN so
that emergency calls can be made. After an emergency call is released,
the MS may re-start operating in SNPN access mode and perform SNPN
selection.

There are also other conditions under which only emergency calls or
access to RLOS may be made if the MS does not operate in SNPN access
mode. These are shown in table 2 in clause 5. ProSe communications can
be initiated in case of PLMN if necessary (see 3GPP TS 24.334 \[51\] or
3GPP TS 24.554 \[80\]) when in the limited service state due to items a)
or c) or f). V2X communication over PC5 can be initiated if necessary
(see 3GPP TS 24.386 \[59\] or 3GPP TS 24.587 \[75\]) when in the limited
service state due to items a) or c) or f).

##### 6.5.3.9.3 Test description {#test-description-100 .H6}

##### 6.5.3.9.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-101 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-80 .H6}

\- 1 SNPN cell NR Cell 1, is configured broadcasting default SNPN IDs as
indicated in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.2-4.

\- System information combination NR-27 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cell 1.

\- NR Cell 3, does not broadcast any SNPN ID.

##### UE: {#ue-93 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic SNPN selection mode.

\- The UE is not provisioned with a "list of subscriber data" to allow
access to SNPN identified by NR cell 1 only.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-97 .H6}

\- Ensure that the UE has cleared the Registered SNPN. And the UE is in
state Switched OFF (state 0-A).

##### 6.5.3.9.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-98 .H6}

Table 6.5.3.9.3.2-1/2 shows the cell configurations used during the
test. Subsequent configurations marked "T1" & "T2", is applied at the
points indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table
6.5.3.9.3.2-3. Cell powers are chosen for a serving cell and a
non-suitable "Off" cell as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.2.2.1-3
for FR1 and Table 6.2.2.2-2 for FR2.

Table 6.5.3.9.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| ** **  | **Parameter** | **Unit** | **NR Cell 1** | **NR Cell 3** | **Remarks** |
+========+===============+==========+===============+===============+=============+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH       | dBm/SCS  | -88           | "Off"         |             |
|        |               |          |               |               |             |
|        | SSS EPRE      |          |               |               |             |
+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH       | dBm/SCS  | -88           | -78           |             |
|        |               |          |               |               |             |
|        | SSS EPRE      |          |               |               |             |
+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+

Table 6.5.3.9.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| ** **  | **Parameter** | **Unit** | **NR Cell 1** | **NR Cell 3** | **Remarks** |
+========+===============+==========+===============+===============+=============+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH       | dBm/SCS  | -91           | "Off"         |             |
|        |               |          |               |               |             |
|        | SSS EPRE      |          |               |               |             |
+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH       | dBm/SCS  | -91           | -82           |             |
|        |               |          |               |               |             |
|        | SSS EPRE      |          |               |               |             |
+--------+---------------+----------+---------------+---------------+-------------+

Table 6.5.3.9.3.2-3: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| **St**    | **Pr      | **Message | **TP**    | **        |    |
|           | ocedure** | S         |           | Verdict** |    |
|           |           | equence** |           |           |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+====+
|           |           | **U - S** | **        |           |    |
|           |           |           | Message** |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 1         | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row T1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.5.3.9   |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 2         | Power on  |           |           |           |    |
|           | the UE.   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 3         | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1         | F  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCSetu  |           |    |
|           | UE send a |           | pRequest* |           |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |           |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1 in |           |           |           |    |
|           | the next  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 2         |           |           |           |    |
|           | minutes?  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 4         | SS        |           |           |           |    |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |           |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |           |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |           |    |
|           | according |           |           |           |    |
|           | to row T2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |           |    |
|           | 6.5.3.9   |           |           |           |    |
|           | .3.2-1/2. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 5         | Cause the | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | UE to     |           |           |           |    |
|           | originate |           |           |           |    |
|           | Emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | call.     |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 1)  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 6         | Check:    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | 1         | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | RRCSet    |           |    |
|           | UE        |           | upRequest |           |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |           |    |
|           | an        |           |           |           |    |
|           | RRCSet    |           |           |           |    |
|           | upRequest |           |           |           |    |
|           | message   |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 3    |           |           |           |    |
|           | with      |           |           |           |    |
|           | establish |           |           |           |    |
|           | mentCause |           |           |           |    |
|           | set to    |           |           |           |    |
|           | \'eme     |           |           |           |    |
|           | rgency\'? |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 7         | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-        | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *         |           |    |
|           | an        |           | RRCSetup* |           |    |
|           | *         |           |           |           |    |
|           | RRCSetup* |           |           |           |    |
|           | message.  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 8         | The UE    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | \-        | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *RRCSetup |           |    |
|           | an        |           | Complete* |           |    |
|           | *RRCSetup |           |           |           |    |
|           | Complete* |           | 5GMM:     |           |    |
|           | message   |           | REG       |           |    |
|           | and a     |           | ISTRATION |           |    |
|           | REG       |           | REQUEST   |           |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |           |    |
|           | REQUEST   |           |           |           |    |
|           | message   |           |           |           |    |
|           | with IE   |           |           |           |    |
|           | 5GS       |           |           |           |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |           |    |
|           | istration |           |           |           |    |
|           | type set  |           |           |           |    |
|           | to        |           |           |           |    |
|           | \"        |           |           |           |    |
|           | Emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | regis     |           |           |           |    |
|           | tration\" |           |           |           |    |
|           | or        |           |           |           |    |
|           | "Initial  |           |           |           |    |
|           | regis     |           |           |           |    |
|           | tration". |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
|           | (Note 1)  |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 9-17      | Steps 5   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | to 13 of  |           |           |           |    |
|           | the       |           |           |           |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |           |    |
|           | istration |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | described |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |           |    |
|           | are       |           |           |           |    |
|           | performed |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1    |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 18        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-        | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *DLIn     |           |    |
|           | a         |           | formation |           |    |
|           | *DLIn     |           | Transfer* |           |    |
|           | formation |           |           |           |    |
|           | Transfer* |           | 5G MM:    |           |    |
|           | message   |           | REG       |           |    |
|           | and a     |           | ISTRATION |           |    |
|           | REG       |           | ACCEPT    |           |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |           |    |
|           | ACCEPT    |           |           |           |    |
|           | message   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 19        | The UE    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | \-        | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *ULIn     |           |    |
|           | an        |           | formation |           |    |
|           | *ULIn     |           | Transfer* |           |    |
|           | formation |           |           |           |    |
|           | Transfer* |           | 5G MM:    |           |    |
|           | message   |           | REG       |           |    |
|           | and       |           | ISTRATION |           |    |
|           | REG       |           | COMPLETE  |           |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |           |    |
|           | COMPLETE  |           |           |           |    |
|           | message   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 20        | The UE    | \--\>     | 5GMM: UL  |           |    |
|           | transmits |           | NAS       |           |    |
|           | an UL NAS |           | TRANSPORT |           |    |
|           | TRANSPORT |           |           |           |    |
|           | message   |           | 5GSM: PDU |           |    |
|           | with      |           | SESSION   |           |    |
|           | \"Request |           | ESTA      |           |    |
|           | type\"    |           | BLISHMENT |           |    |
|           | set to    |           | REQUEST   |           |    |
|           | \"initial |           |           |           |    |
|           | emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | r         |           |           |           |    |
|           | equest\", |           |           |           |    |
|           | and a PDU |           |           |           |    |
|           | SESSION   |           |           |           |    |
|           | ESTA      |           |           |           |    |
|           | BLISHMENT |           |           |           |    |
|           | REQUEST   |           |           |           |    |
|           | message   |           |           |           |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Cell 1    |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |           |    |
|           | Steps     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 2b22a1    |           |           |           |    |
|           | describe  |           |           |           |    |
|           | behaviour |           |           |           |    |
|           | depending |           |           |           |    |
|           | on UE     |           |           |           |    |
|           | implem    |           |           |           |    |
|           | entation; |           |           |           |    |
|           | the       |           |           |           |    |
|           | \"lower   |           |           |           |    |
|           | case      |           |           |           |    |
|           | letter\"  |           |           |           |    |
|           | i         |           |           |           |    |
|           | dentifies |           |           |           |    |
|           | a step    |           |           |           |    |
|           | sequence  |           |           |           |    |
|           | that take |           |           |           |    |
|           | place if  |           |           |           |    |
|           | the UE    |           |           |           |    |
|           | performs  |           |           |           |    |
|           | a         |           |           |           |    |
|           | specific  |           |           |           |    |
|           | action.   |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| \-        | E         | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | XCEPTION: |           |           |           |    |
|           | The       |           |           |           |    |
|           | behaviour |           |           |           |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |           |    |
|           | 21a1      |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
|           | occurs in |           |           |           |    |
|           | parallel  |           |           |           |    |
|           | with      |           |           |           |    |
|           | steps     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 22-26     |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 21a1      | IF 5GS    | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | reg       |           |           |           |    |
|           | istration |           |           |           |    |
|           | type is   |           |           |           |    |
|           | set as    |           |           |           |    |
|           | Initial   |           |           |           |    |
|           | Reg       |           |           |           |    |
|           | istration |           |           |           |    |
|           | in step   |           |           |           |    |
|           | 8, THEN   |           |           |           |    |
|           | the       |           |           |           |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | for       |           |           |           |    |
|           | UE-       |           |           |           |    |
|           | requested |           |           |           |    |
|           | PDU       |           |           |           |    |
|           | session   |           |           |           |    |
|           | estab     |           |           |           |    |
|           | lishment, |           |           |           |    |
|           | specified |           |           |           |    |
|           | in        |           |           |           |    |
|           | subclause |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.5A.2,   |           |           |           |    |
|           | takes     |           |           |           |    |
|           | place     |           |           |           |    |
|           | p         |           |           |           |    |
|           | erforming |           |           |           |    |
|           | esta      |           |           |           |    |
|           | blishment |           |           |           |    |
|           | of        |           |           |           |    |
|           | UE-       |           |           |           |    |
|           | requested |           |           |           |    |
|           | PDU       |           |           |           |    |
|           | s         |           |           |           |    |
|           | ession(s) |           |           |           |    |
|           | with      |           |           |           |    |
|           | Exp       |           |           |           |    |
|           | ectedNumb |           |           |           |    |
|           | erOfNewPD |           |           |           |    |
|           | USessions |           |           |           |    |
|           | =         |           |           |           |    |
|           | pc        |           |           |           |    |
|           | \_noOf\_P |           |           |           |    |
|           | DUsSameCo |           |           |           |    |
|           | nnection. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 22-26     | Steps 9   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | to 13 of  |           |           |           |    |
|           | the       |           |           |           |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | of \"IMS  |           |           |           |    |
|           | Emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | call      |           |           |           |    |
|           | esta      |           |           |           |    |
|           | blishment |           |           |           |    |
|           | in 5GC    |           |           |           |    |
|           | with IMS  |           |           |           |    |
|           | emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | regis     |           |           |           |    |
|           | tration\" |           |           |           |    |
|           | described |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.9       |           |           |           |    |
|           | .11.2.2-1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | are       |           |           |           |    |
|           | p         |           |           |           |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| 27        | Generic   | \-        | \-        | \-        | \- |
|           | procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | of \"Test |           |           |           |    |
|           | Procedure |           |           |           |    |
|           | for IMS   |           |           |           |    |
|           | MO        |           |           |           |    |
|           | Emergency |           |           |           |    |
|           | call      |           |           |           |    |
|           | release\" |           |           |           |    |
|           | described |           |           |           |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |           |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |           |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |           |    |
|           | 4.9.      |           |           |           |    |
|           | 12A.2.2-1 |           |           |           |    |
|           | are       |           |           |           |    |
|           | p         |           |           |           |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| This can  |           |           |           |           |    |
| be done   |           |           |           |           |    |
| by an     |           |           |           |           |    |
| AT/MMI    |           |           |           |           |    |
| command.  |           |           |           |           |    |
|           |           |           |           |           |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |           |    |
| 5GS       |           |           |           |           |    |
| reg       |           |           |           |           |    |
| istration |           |           |           |           |    |
| type can  |           |           |           |           |    |
| set to    |           |           |           |           |    |
| either    |           |           |           |           |    |
| \"initial |           |           |           |           |    |
| regis     |           |           |           |           |    |
| tration\" |           |           |           |           |    |
| according |           |           |           |           |    |
| to TS     |           |           |           |           |    |
| 24.501    |           |           |           |           |    |
| clause    |           |           |           |           |    |
| 5.2.2.3.3 |           |           |           |           |    |
| or        |           |           |           |           |    |
| \"        |           |           |           |           |    |
| emergency |           |           |           |           |    |
| regis     |           |           |           |           |    |
| tration\" |           |           |           |           |    |
| according |           |           |           |           |    |
| to TS     |           |           |           |           |    |
| 24.501    |           |           |           |           |    |
| clause    |           |           |           |           |    |
| 5.5.1.2.  |           |           |           |           |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+----+

##### 6.5.3.9.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-93 .H6}

Table 6.5.3.9.3.3-1: SIB1 for NR Cell 1 (preamble)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                                 
  ---------------------------------------------------- ----------------------- --------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/Remark            Comment               Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                
  cellAccessRelatedInfo                                CellAccessRelatedInfo   Table 6.5.3.9.3.3-2   
  }                                                                                                  

Table 6.5.3.9.3.3-2: CellAccessRelatedInfo (Table 6.5.3.9.3.3-1)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.3-16 with condition eNPN                                      
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                Value/Remark   Comment   Condition
  CellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                            
  cellReservedForOtherUse                                                            true                     
  snpn-AccessInfoList-r17 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxNPN-r16)) OF SNPN-AccessInfo-r17 {   1 entry                  
  SNPN-AccessInfo-r17\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                               entry 1   
  imsEmergencySupportForSNPN-r17                                                     false                    
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           

#### 6.5.3.10 SNPN Selection in Automatic Mode / Selecting equivalent SNPN

##### 6.5.3.10.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-103 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-192 .H6}

**with** { UE in Automatic SNPN selection mode and an equivalent SNPN
cell is available }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE is switched on or return to coverage }

**then** { UE selects the equivalent SNPN cell and UE attempts a
Registration on the selected cell }

}

##### 6.5.3.10.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-103 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 23.122 clauses 4.9.3.1.0 and 4.9.3.1.1. Unless
otherwise stated these are Rel-18 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.9.3.1.0\]

At switch on, following recovery from lack of coverage, or when the MS
starts operating in the SNPN access operation mode over 3GPP access, the
MS selects the registered SNPN or an equivalent SNPN (if it is
available) using NG-RAN access technology and if necessary (in the case
of recovery from lack of coverage, see clause 4.5.2) attempts to perform
an LR.

NOTE 1: The MS in automatic SNPN selection mode can end the SNPN search
procedure once the registered SNPN or an equivalent SNPN is found on
NG-RAN access technology.

NOTE 2: An MS in automatic SNPN selection mode can use location
information to determine which SNPNs can be available in its present
location.

If successful registration is achieved, the MS indicates the selected
SNPN.

If there is no registered SNPN, or registration is not possible due to
the SNPN and all equivalent SNPNs, if any, being unavailable or
registration failure, unless the MS needs to select an SNPN for
onboarding services in SNPN, the MS follows the procedure in
clause 4.9.3.1.1 or clause 4.9.3.1.2 depending on its SNPN selection
mode. If the MS needs to select an SNPN for onboarding services in SNPN,
the MS follows the procedure in clause 4.9.3.1.3 or clause 4.9.3.1.4
depending on its SNPN selection mode for onboarding services in SNPN. At
switch on, the MS shall use the SNPN selection mode and the SNPN
selection mode for onboarding services in SNPN that were used before
switching off.

NOTE 3: If successful registration is achieved, then the current serving
SNPN becomes the registered SNPN and the MS does not store the previous
registered SNPN for later use.

If registration is not possible on recovery from lack of coverage due to
the registered SNPN and all equivalent SNPNs, if any, being unavailable,
an MS may, optionally, continue looking for the registered SNPN or an
equivalent SNPN for an implementation dependent time.

NOTE 4: An MS registered to an SNPN should behave as described above
only if one or more PDU sessions are currently active.

EXCEPTION: As an alternative option to this, if the MS is in automatic
SNPN selection mode and it finds coverage of a subscribed SNPN (for the
selected entry of \"list of subscriber data\"), the MS may register to
that SNPN and not return to the registered SNPN or equivalent SNPN.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.9.3.1.1\]

If:

\- there is at least one entry in the \"list of subscriber data\"; or

\- there is zero or more entries in the \"list of subscriber data\", the
MS has a USIM with a PLMN subscription and the ME is provisioned with
the SNPN selection parameters associated with the PLMN subscription,

the MS shall select one entry in the \"list of subscriber data\", if
any, or the PLMN subscription, if any, to be used for automatic SNPN
selection. How the MS selects the entry in the \"list of subscriber
data\" or the PLMN subscription is MS implementation specific.

The MS selects an SNPN, if available and allowable, in the following
order:

...

a\) the SNPN with which the UE was last registered or an equivalent
SNPN, except if the registered SNPN was previously selected as result of
an entry of a list of bullet a0) 2) or a0) 3) and validity information
of the entry is no longer met or access for localized services in SNPN
is no longer enabled;

...

The MS shall limit its search for the SNPN to the NG-RAN access
technology.

Once the MS selects the SNPN, the MS attempts registrations on the
selected SNPN using the NG-RAN access technology, the subscriber
identifier and the credentials from the selected entry of the \"list of
subscriber data\" or from the USIM, if the PLMN subscription is
selected.

If successful registration is achieved, the MS indicates the selected
SNPN.

##### 6.5.3.10.3 Test description {#test-description-101 .H6}

##### 6.5.3.10.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-102 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-81 .H6}

\- 2 SNPN cells, NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 3, are configured broadcasting
default SNPN IDs as indicated in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.2-4.

\- System information combination NR-12 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-94 .H6}

\- The UE is in Automatic SNPN selection mode.

\- The UE is provisioned with a "list of subscriber data" to allow
access to SNPN identified by NR cell 3.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-98 .H6}

\- Ensure that the UE has cleared the Registered SNPN. And the UE is in
state Switched OFF (state 0-A) as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table
4.4A.2-0.

##### 6.5.3.10.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-99 .H6}

Table 6.5.3.10.3.2-1/2 shows the cell configurations used during the
test. Subsequent configurations marked "T1" and "T2" are applied at the
points indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table
6.5.3.10.3.2-3. Cell powers are chosen for a serving cell and a
non-suitable "Off" cell as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 6.2.2.1-3
for FR1 and Table 6.2.2.2-2 for FR2.

Table 6.5.3.10.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR1

+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| ** **  | **Par    | **Unit** | **NR     | **NR     | **R      |
|        | ameter** |          | Cell 1** | Cell 3** | emarks** |
+========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | "Off"    | **-88**  | Power    |
|        |          |          |          |          | level    |
|        | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | "Off" is |
|        |          |          |          |          | defined  |
|        |          |          |          |          | in TS    |
|        |          |          |          |          | 38.508-1 |
|        |          |          |          |          | \[4\]    |
|        |          |          |          |          | Table    |
|        |          |          |          |          | 6.       |
|        |          |          |          |          | 2.2.1-3. |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -88      | "Off"    | Power    |
|        |          |          |          |          | level    |
|        | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | "Off" is |
|        |          |          |          |          | defined  |
|        |          |          |          |          | in TS    |
|        |          |          |          |          | 38.508-1 |
|        |          |          |          |          | \[4\]    |
|        |          |          |          |          | Table    |
|        |          |          |          |          | 6.       |
|        |          |          |          |          | 2.2.1-3. |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 6.5.3.10.3.2-2: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for FR2

+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| ** **  | **Par    | **Unit** | **NR     | **NR     | **R      |
|        | ameter** |          | Cell 1** | Cell 3** | emarks** |
+========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | "Off"    | -91      | Power    |
|        |          |          |          |          | level    |
|        | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | "Off" is |
|        |          |          |          |          | defined  |
|        |          |          |          |          | in TS    |
|        |          |          |          |          | 38.508-1 |
|        |          |          |          |          | \[4\]    |
|        |          |          |          |          | Table    |
|        |          |          |          |          | 6.       |
|        |          |          |          |          | 2.2.1-3. |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| **T2** | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -91      | "Off"    | Power    |
|        |          |          |          |          | level    |
|        | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | "Off" is |
|        |          |          |          |          | defined  |
|        |          |          |          |          | in TS    |
|        |          |          |          |          | 38.508-1 |
|        |          |          |          |          | \[4\]    |
|        |          |          |          |          | Table    |
|        |          |          |          |          | 6.       |
|        |          |          |          |          | 2.2.1-3. |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 6.5.3.10.3.2-3: Main behaviour

  **St**    **Procedure**                                                                                                                                     **Message Sequence**   **TP**                      **Verdict**   
  --------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------- --------------------------- ------------- ----
                                                                                                                                                              **U - S**              **Message**                               
  1         SS adjusts cell levels according to row T1 of table 6.5.1.2.3.2-1/2.                                                                              \-                     \-                          \-            \-
  2         Power on the UE.                                                                                                                                  \-                     \-                          \-            \-
  3-21a1    Steps 2 to 20a1 of Table 4.5.2.2-2 of the generic procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] are performed on NR Cell 3 with '*connected without release'*.   \-                     \-                          \-            \-
  22        The UE is switched off by executing generic procedure in Table 4.9.6.3-1 in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]                                                     \-                     \-                          \-            \-
  23        SS adjusts cell levels according to row T2 of table 6.5.1.2.3.2-1/2.                                                                              \-                     \-                          \-            \-
  24        Check: Does the UE send a *RRCSetupRequest* on NR Cell 1?                                                                                         \--\>                  NR RRC: *RRCSetupRequest*   1             P
  25-42a1   Steps 3 to 20a1 of Table 4.5.2.2-2 of the generic procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] are performed on NR Cell 1.                                      \-                     \-                          \-            \-

##### 6.5.3.10.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-94 .H6}

Table 6.5.3.10.3.3-1: REGISTRATION ACCEPT (step 15, Table
6.5.3.10.3.2-3)

  --------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.7.1-9                                          
  Information Element                                 Value/remark                 Comment   Condition
  Equivalent SNPNs                                    SNPN identity of NR Cell 1             
  --------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.5.3.10.3.3-2: SNPN identity of NR Cell 1 (step 15, Table
6.5.3.10.3.2-3)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 Table 4.6.3-84AA with condition SNPN                            
  Information Element                                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  NPN-Identity-r16 ::= CHOICE {                                                                
  snpn-r16 SEQUENCE {                                                                          
  plmn-Identity-r16 SEQUENCE {                                                                 
  mcc                                                                 001                      
  mnc                                                                 01                       
  }                                                                                            
  nid-List-r16 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxNPN-r16)) OF NID-r16{            1 entry                  
  NID-r16\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                             entry 1                  
  assignment mode                                                     01                       
  NID value                                                           01                       
  }                                                                                            
  }                                                                                            
  }                                                                                            
  }                                                                                            
  ------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.5.3.10.3.3-3: REGISTRATION REQUEST (step 39, Table
6.5.3.10.3.2-3)

  -------------------------------------------- -------------- ---------------------- -----------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 Table 4.7.1-6                                         
  Information Element                          Value/remark   Comment                Condition
  5GS registration type value                  '001'B         Initial registration   
  -------------------------------------------- -------------- ---------------------- -----------

6.6 NR Shared Spectrum idle mode operations
-------------------------------------------

### 6.6.1 NR Shared Spectrum cell selection

#### 6.6.1.1 Cell selection / next strongest cell / Intra frequency reselection not allowed

##### 6.6.1.1.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-104 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-193 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure** that {

**when** { a cell fulfilling all requirements for a suitable cell is not
the strongest cell on that frequency }

**then** { the UE searches for the next strongest cell on that frequency
and camps on it }

}

##### (2) {#section-194 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure** that {

**when** { a cell broadcasting *intraFreqReselection* in MIB message is
set to \"not allowed\" }

**then** { the UE selects another cell on same frequency and camps on it
}

}

##### 6.6.1.1.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-104 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 38.304, clause 5.1.1.2, 5.2.3.1 and 5.3.1. Unless
otherwise stated these are Rel-16 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.1.1.2\]

The UE shall scan all RF channels in the NR bands according to its
capabilities to find available PLMNs and available CAGs. On each
carrier, the UE shall search for the strongest cell and read its system
information, in order to find out which PLMN(s) the cell belongs to and
any associated CAG(s). For operation with shared spectrum channel
access, the UE may also read the system information of multiple
strongest cell(s). If the UE can read one or several PLMN identities in
the strongest cell or the multiple strongest cell(s) in case of
operation with shared spectrum channel access, each found PLMN (see the
PLMN reading in TS 38.331 \[3\]) shall be reported to the NAS as a high
quality PLMN (but without the RSRP value) and any associated CAG-ID,
provided that the following high-quality criterion is fulfilled:

1\. For an NR cell, the measured RSRP value shall be greater than or
equal to -110 dBm.

Found PLMNs that do not satisfy the high-quality criterion but for which
the UE has been able to read the PLMN identities are reported to the NAS
together with their corresponding RSRP values and any associated CAG-ID.
The quality measure reported by the UE to NAS shall be the same for each
PLMN found in one cell.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.3.1\]

Cell selection is performed by one of the following two procedures:

a\) Initial cell selection (no prior knowledge of which RF channels are
NR frequencies):

1\. The UE shall scan all RF channels in the NR bands according to its
capabilities to find a suitable cell.

2\. On each frequency, the UE need only search for the strongest cell,
except for operation with shared spectrum channel access where the UE
may search for the next strongest cell(s).

3\. Once a suitable cell is found, this cell shall be selected.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.3.1\]

...

When cell status \"barred\" is indicated or to be treated as if the cell
status is \"barred\",

\- The UE is not permitted to select/reselect this cell, not even for
emergency calls.

\- The UE shall select another cell according to the following rule:

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to being unable to acquire the *MIB*:

\- the UE may exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for up to 300 seconds.

\- the UE may select another cell on the same frequency if the selection
criteria are fulfilled.

\- else:

...

\- *If the UE is not a RedCap UE, or if the UE is a RedCap UE and
intraFreqReselectionRedCap in SIB1 is available:*

> ...

\- If the field *intraFreqReselection* in *MIB* message is set to \"not
allowed\":

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to being unable to acquire the *SIB1*:

\- the UE may exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for up to 300 seconds;

\- If the cell operates in licensed spectrum:

\- the UE shall not re-select to another cell on the same frequency as
the barred cell and exclude such cell(s) as candidate(s) for cell
selection/reselection for 300 seconds;

\- else:

\- the UE may select to another cell on the same frequency if the
reselection criteria are fulfilled.

\- else:

\- If the cell operates in licensed spectrum, or if this cell belongs to
a PLMN which is indicated as being equivalent to the registered PLMN or
the selected PLMN of the UE, or if this cell belongs to the registered
SNPN or the selected SNPN of the UE:

\- the UE shall not re-select to another cell on the same frequency as
the barred cell and exclude such cell(s) as candidate(s) for cell
selection/reselection for 300 second**s**;

\- else:

\- the UE may select to another cell on the same frequency if the
reselection criteria are fulfilled.

\- the UE shall exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for 300 seconds.

##### 6.6.1.1.3 Test description {#test-description-102 .H6}

##### 6.6.1.1.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-103 .H6}

System Simulator:

\- NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 11 as specified in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] table
4.4.2-3 with exception that PLMN of NR Cell 11 is set to 002-101.

\- All NR cells are configured to operate in shared spectrum.

\- System information combination NR-2 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

UE:

> \- None.

Preamble:

> \- The UE is registered to NR Cell 1 and then Switched OFF (State
> 0N-B) as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-0.

##### 6.6.1.1.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-100 .H6}

Table 6.6.1.1.3.2-1 illustrates the downlink power levels to be applied
for NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 11 at various time instants of the test
execution. Row marked \"T0\" denotes the conditions after the preamble
and is applied at the point indicated in the Main behaviour description
in Table 6.6.1.1.3.2-2.

Table 6.6.1.1.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 11 in conducted test environment

           **Parameter**      **Unit**   **NR Cell 1**   **NR Cell 11**   **Remark**
  -------- ------------------ ---------- --------------- ---------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **T0**   SS/PBCH SSS EPRE   dBm/SCS    -99             -88              The power level values are assigned to ensure the shared spectrum UE searches for next strongest cell.

Table 6.6.1.1.3.2-2: Main behaviour

+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| St      | Procedure  | Message    | TP         | Verdict |    |
|         |            | Sequence   |            |         |    |
+=========+============+============+============+=========+====+
|         |            | U - S      | Message    |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 1       | The SS     | \-         | *-*        | \-      | \- |
|         | adjusts    |            |            |         |    |
|         | the        |            |            |         |    |
|         | SS/PBCH    |            |            |         |    |
|         | EPRE       |            |            |         |    |
|         | levels     |            |            |         |    |
|         | according  |            |            |         |    |
|         | to row     |            |            |         |    |
|         | \"T0\" in  |            |            |         |    |
|         | table      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 6.6.       |            |            |         |    |
|         | 1.1.3.2-1. |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 2       | The UE is  | \-         | *-*        | \-      | \- |
|         | switched   |            |            |         |    |
|         | on.        |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 3       | Check:     | \--\>      | NR RRC:    | 1       | P  |
|         | Does the   |            | *RRCSet    |         |    |
|         | UE send an |            | upRequest* |         |    |
|         | *RRCSet    |            |            |         |    |
|         | upRequest* |            |            |         |    |
|         | on NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 1?         |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 4-21    | Steps 3 to | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | 20a1 of    |            |            |         |    |
|         | the        |            |            |         |    |
|         | re         |            |            |         |    |
|         | gistration |            |            |         |    |
|         | procedure  |            |            |         |    |
|         | described  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in TS      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |    |
|         | \[4\]      |            |            |         |    |
|         | Table      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4.5.2.2-2  |            |            |         |    |
|         | are        |            |            |         |    |
|         | performed  |            |            |         |    |
|         | on NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 1.         |            |            |         |    |
|         |            |            |            |         |    |
|         | NOTE: The  |            |            |         |    |
|         | UE         |            |            |         |    |
|         | performs   |            |            |         |    |
|         | re         |            |            |         |    |
|         | gistration |            |            |         |    |
|         | and the    |            |            |         |    |
|         | RRC        |            |            |         |    |
|         | connection |            |            |         |    |
|         | is         |            |            |         |    |
|         | released.  |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 22      | The UE is  | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | switched   |            |            |         |    |
|         | off by     |            |            |         |    |
|         | executing  |            |            |         |    |
|         | generic    |            |            |         |    |
|         | procedure  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in Table   |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4.9.6.1-1  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in TS      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |    |
|         | \[4\].     |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 23      | The SS     | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | changes    |            |            |         |    |
|         | the MIB of |            |            |         |    |
|         | NR Cell 11 |            |            |         |    |
|         | to set the |            |            |         |    |
|         | *i         |            |            |         |    |
|         | ntraFreqRe |            |            |         |    |
|         | selection* |            |            |         |    |
|         | to         |            |            |         |    |
|         | n          |            |            |         |    |
|         | otAllowed. |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 24      | The UE is  | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | switched   |            |            |         |    |
|         | on.        |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 25      | Check:     | \--\>      | NR RRC:    | 2       | P  |
|         | Does the   |            | *RRCSet    |         |    |
|         | UE send an |            | upRequest* |         |    |
|         | *RRCSet    |            |            |         |    |
|         | upRequest* |            |            |         |    |
|         | on NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 1?         |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+
| 26-43a1 | Steps 3 to | \-         | \-         | \-      | \- |
|         | 20a1 of    |            |            |         |    |
|         | the        |            |            |         |    |
|         | re         |            |            |         |    |
|         | gistration |            |            |         |    |
|         | procedure  |            |            |         |    |
|         | described  |            |            |         |    |
|         | in TS      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 38.508-1   |            |            |         |    |
|         | \[4\]      |            |            |         |    |
|         | Table      |            |            |         |    |
|         | 4.5.2.2-2  |            |            |         |    |
|         | are        |            |            |         |    |
|         | performed  |            |            |         |    |
|         | on NR Cell |            |            |         |    |
|         | 1.         |            |            |         |    |
|         |            |            |            |         |    |
|         | NOTE: The  |            |            |         |    |
|         | UE         |            |            |         |    |
|         | performs   |            |            |         |    |
|         | re         |            |            |         |    |
|         | gistration |            |            |         |    |
|         | and the    |            |            |         |    |
|         | RRC        |            |            |         |    |
|         | connection |            |            |         |    |
|         | is         |            |            |         |    |
|         | released.  |            |            |         |    |
+---------+------------+------------+------------+---------+----+

##### 6.6.1.1.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-95 .H6}

Table 6.6.1.1.3.3-1: *MIB for NR Cell 11* (step 23, Table 6.6.1.1.3.2-2)

  -------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.6.1-6                            
  Information Element                                Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  MIB ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  intraFreqReselection                               notAllowed               
  }                                                                           
  -------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.6.1.1.3.3-2: SIB1 for NR Cell 1, NR Cell 11 (All steps, Table
6.6.1.1.3.2-2)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] table 4.6.1-28                                                                        
  --------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark                                               Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                      
  servingCellConfigCommon                             ServingCellConfigCommonSIB with condition SharedSpectrum             
  }                                                                                                                        

Table 6.6.1.1.3.3-3: SIB2 for NR Cell 1, NR Cell 11 (All steps, Table
6.6.1.1.3.2-2)

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] table 4.6.2-1 Condition SharedSpectrum
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

#### 6.6.1.2 Cell selection / next strongest cell / Intra frequency reselection not allowed / RRC Inactive

##### 6.6.1.2.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-105 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-195 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_INACTIVE state }

**ensure** that {

**when** { serving cell fulfils all requirements for a suitable cell
except the cell selection

criteria which are not fulfilled (Srxlev\<0)}

**then** { the UE searches for the next strongest cell on same frequency
and continues to remain in RRC\_INACTIVE state }

}

##### (2) {#section-196 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_INACTIVE state }

**ensure** that {

**when** { a cell broadcasting intraFreqReselection in MIB message is
set to \"not allowed\" }

**then** { the UE reselects another cell on same frequency and continues
to remain in RRC\_INACTIVE state }

}

##### 6.6.1.2.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-105 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 38.300 clause 9.2.1.1, TS 38.304, clauses 4.1, 5.1.1.2,
5.2.1, 5.2.3.1, 5.2.3.2 and 5.3.1. Unless otherwise stated these are
Rel-16 requirements.

\[TS 38.300, clause 9.2.1.1\]

The principles of PLMN selection in NR are based on the 3GPP PLMN
selection principles. Cell selection is required on transition from
RM-DEREGISTERED to RM-REGISTERED, from CM-IDLE to CM-CONNECTED and from
CM-CONNECTED to CM-IDLE and is based on the following principles:

\- The UE NAS layer identifies a selected PLMN and equivalent PLMNs;

\- Cell selection is always based on CD-SSBs located on the
synchronization raster (see clause 5.2.4):

\- The UE searches the NR frequency bands and for each carrier frequency
identifies the strongest cell as per the CD-SSB. It then reads cell
system information broadcast to identify its PLMN(s):

\- The UE may search each carrier in turn (\"initial cell selection\")
or make use of stored information to shorten the search (\"stored
information cell selection\").

\- The UE seeks to identify a suitable cell; if it is not able to
identify a suitable cell it seeks to identify an acceptable cell. When a
suitable cell is found or if only an acceptable cell is found it camps
on that cell and commence the cell reselection procedure:

\- A suitable cell is one for which the measured cell attributes satisfy
the cell selection criteria; the cell PLMN is the selected PLMN,
registered or an equivalent PLMN; the cell is not barred or reserved and
the cell is not part of a tracking area which is in the list of
\"forbidden tracking areas for roaming\";

\- An acceptable cell is one for which the measured cell attributes
satisfy the cell selection criteria and the cell is not barred.

...

Transition to RRC\_IDLE:

On transition from RRC\_CONNECTED or RRC\_INACTIVE to RRC\_IDLE, a UE
should camp on a cell as result of cell selection according to the
frequency be assigned by RRC in the state transition message if any.

Recovery from out of coverage:

The UE should attempt to find a suitable cell in the manner described
for stored information or initial cell selection above. If no suitable
cell is found on any frequency or RAT, the UE should attempt to find an
acceptable cell.

\[TS 38.304, clause 4.1\]

The RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE state tasks can be subdivided into
three processes:

\- PLMN selection (for UE not operating in SNPN access mode) or SNPN
selection (for UE operating in SNPN access mode);

\- Cell selection and reselection;

\- Location registration and RNA update.

PLMN selection, SNPN selection, cell reselection procedures, and
location registration are common for both RRC\_IDLE state and
RRC\_INACTIVE state. RNA update is only applicable for RRC\_INACTIVE
state. When UE selects a new PLMN or SNPN, UE transitions from
RRC\_INACTIVE to RRC\_IDLE, as specified in TS 24.501 \[14\].

When a UE is switched on, a public land mobile network (PLMN) or a SNPN
is selected by NAS. For the selected PLMN/SNPN, associated RAT(s) may be
set, as specified in TS 23.122 \[9\]. The NAS shall provide a list of
equivalent PLMNs, if available, that the AS shall use for cell selection
and cell reselection.

With cell selection, the UE searches for a suitable cell of the selected
PLMN or selected SNPN, chooses that cell to provide available services,
and monitors its control channel. This procedure is defined as \"camping
on the cell\".

The UE shall, if necessary, then register its presence, by means of a
NAS registration procedure, in the tracking area of the chosen cell. As
an outcome of a successful Location Registration, the selected PLMN/SNPN
then becomes the registered PLMN/SNPN, as specified in TS 23.122 \[9\].

If the UE finds a more suitable cell, according to the cell reselection
criteria, it reselects onto that cell and camps on it. If the new cell
does not belong to at least one tracking area to which the UE is
registered, location registration is performed. In RRC\_INACTIVE state,
if the new cell does not belong to the configured RNA, an RNA update
procedure is performed.

...

The purpose of camping on a cell in RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE
state is fourfold:

a\) It enables the UE to receive system information from the PLMN or the
SNPN.

b\) When registered and if the UE wishes to establish an RRC connection
or resume a suspended RRC connection, it can do this by initially
accessing the network on the control channel of the cell on which it is
camped.

c\) If the network needs to send a message or deliver data to the
registered UE, it knows (in most cases) the set of tracking areas (in
RRC\_IDLE state) or RNA (in RRC\_INACTIVE state) in which the UE is
camped. It can then send a \"paging\" message for the UE on the control
channels of all the cells in the corresponding set of areas. The UE will
then receive the paging message and can respond.

d\) It enables the UE to receive ETWS and CMAS notifications.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.1.1.2\]

The UE shall scan all RF channels in the NR bands according to its
capabilities to find available PLMNs and available CAGs. On each
carrier, the UE shall search for the strongest cell and read its system
information, in order to find out which PLMN(s) the cell belongs to and
any associated CAG(s). For operation with shared spectrum channel
access, the UE may also read the system information of multiple
strongest cell(s). If the UE can read one or several PLMN identities in
the strongest cell or the multiple strongest cell(s) in case of
operation with shared spectrum channel access, each found PLMN (see the
PLMN reading in TS 38.331 \[3\]) shall be reported to the NAS as a high
quality PLMN (but without the RSRP value) and any associated CAG-ID,
provided that the following high-quality criterion is fulfilled:

1\. For an NR cell, the measured RSRP value shall be greater than or
equal to -110 dBm.

Found PLMNs that do not satisfy the high-quality criterion but for which
the UE has been able to read the PLMN identities are reported to the NAS
together with their corresponding RSRP values and any associated CAG-ID.
The quality measure reported by the UE to NAS shall be the same for each
PLMN found in one cell.

The search for PLMNs may be stopped on request from the NAS. The UE may
optimise PLMN search by using stored information e.g. frequencies and
optionally also information on cell parameters from previously received
measurement control information elements.

Once the UE has selected a PLMN, the cell selection procedure shall be
performed in order to select a suitable cell of that PLMN to camp on.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.1\]

UE shall perform measurements for cell selection and reselection
purposes as specified in TS 38.133 \[8\].

When evaluating Srxlev and Squal of non-serving cells for reselection
evaluation purposes, the UE shall use parameters provided by the serving
cell and for the final check on cell selection criterion, the UE shall
use parameters provided by the target cell for cell reselection.

The NAS can control the RAT(s) in which the cell selection should be
performed, for instance by indicating RAT(s) associated with the
selected PLMN, and by maintaining a list of forbidden registration
area(s) and a list of equivalent PLMNs. The UE shall select a suitable
cell based on RRC\_IDLE or RRC\_INACTIVE state measurements and cell
selection criteria.

In order to expedite the cell selection process, stored information for
several RATs, if available, may be used by the UE.

When camped on a cell, the UE shall regularly search for a better cell
according to the cell reselection criteria. If a better cell is found,
that cell is selected. The change of cell may imply a change of RAT.
Details on performance requirements for cell reselection can be found in
TS 38.133 \[8\].

The NAS is informed if the cell selection and reselection result in
changes in the received system information relevant for NAS.

For normal service, the UE shall camp on a suitable cell, monitor
control channel(s) of that cell so that the UE can:

\- receive system information from the PLMN or SNPN; and

\- receive registration area information from the PLMN or SNPN, e.g.,
tracking area information; and

\- receive other AS and NAS Information; and

\- if registered:

\- receive paging and notification messages from the PLMN or SNPN; and

\- initiate transfer to Connected mode.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.3.1\]

Cell selection is performed by one of the following two procedures:

a\) Initial cell selection (no prior knowledge of which RF channels are
NR frequencies):

1\. The UE shall scan all RF channels in the NR bands according to its
capabilities to find a suitable cell.

2\. On each frequency, the UE need only search for the strongest cell,
except for operation with shared spectrum channel access where the UE
may search for the next strongest cell(s).

3\. Once a suitable cell is found, this cell shall be selected.

b\) Cell selection by leveraging stored information:

1\. This procedure requires stored information of frequencies and
optionally also information on cell parameters from previously received
measurement control information elements or from previously detected
cells.

2\. Once the UE has found a suitable cell, the UE shall select it.

3\. If no suitable cell is found, the initial cell selection procedure
in a) shall be started.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.3.2\]

The cell selection criterion S is fulfilled when:

  ----------------------------
  Srxlev \> 0 AND Squal \> 0
  ----------------------------

where:

+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Srxlev = Q~rxlevmeas~ -- (Q~rxlevmin~ + Q~rxlevminoffset~ )--        |
| P~compensation~ - **Qoffset~temp~**                                  |
|                                                                      |
| Squal = Q~qualmeas~ -- (Q~qualmin~ + Q~qualminoffset~) -             |
| **Qoffset~temp~**                                                    |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+

where:

+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Srxlev             | Cell selection RX level value (dB)             |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Squal              | Cell selection quality value (dB)              |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| **Qoffset~temp~**  | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as        |
|                    | specified in TS 38.331 \[3\] (dB)              |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevmeas~       | Measured cell RX level value (RSRP)            |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualmeas~        | Measured cell quality value (RSRQ)             |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevmin~        | Minimum required RX level in the cell (dBm).   |
|                    | If the UE supports SUL frequency for this      |
|                    | cell, Q~rxlevmin~ is obtained from             |
|                    | *q-**RxLevMinSUL*****, if present,** in        |
|                    | *SIB1*, *SIB2* and *SIB4*, additionally, if    |
|                    | Q~rxlevminoffsetcellSUL~ is present in *SIB3*  |
|                    | and *SIB4* for the concerned cell, this cell   |
|                    | specific offset is added to the corresponding  |
|                    | Qrxlevmin to achieve the required minimum RX   |
|                    | level in the concerned cell;                   |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | else Q~rxlevmin~ is obtained from              |
|                    | ***q-RxLevMin*** in *SIB1, SIB2* and *SIB4*,   |
|                    | additionally, if Q~rxlevminoffsetcell~ is      |
|                    | present in *SIB3* and *SIB4* for the concerned |
|                    | cell, this cell specific offset is added to    |
|                    | the corresponding Qrxlevmin to achieve the     |
|                    | required minimum RX level in the concerned     |
|                    | cell.                                          |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualmin~         | Minimum required quality level in the cell     |
|                    | (dB). Additionally, if Q~qualminoffsetcell~ is |
|                    | signalled for the concerned cell, this cell    |
|                    | specific offset is added to achieve the        |
|                    | required minimum quality level in the          |
|                    | concerned cell.                                |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~rxlevminoffset~  | Offset to the signalled Q~rxlevmin~ taken into |
|                    | account in the Srxlev evaluation as a result   |
|                    | of a periodic search for a higher priority     |
|                    | PLMN while camped normally in a VPLMN, as      |
|                    | specified in TS 23.122 \[9\].                  |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| Q~qualminoffset~   | Offset to the signalled Q~qualmin~ taken into  |
|                    | account in the Squal evaluation as a result of |
|                    | a periodic search for a higher priority PLMN   |
|                    | while camped normally in a VPLMN, as specified |
|                    | in TS 23.122 \[9\].                            |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~compensation~    | For FR1, if the UE supports the                |
|                    | *additionalPmax* in the *NR-NS-PmaxList*, if   |
|                    | present, in *SIB1, SIB2* and *SIB4:*           |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | *max(P~EMAX1~ --P~PowerClass~, 0) --           |
|                    | (min(P~EMAX2~, P~PowerClass~) -- min(P~EMAX1~, |
|                    | P~PowerClass~)) (dB);*                         |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | *else:*                                        |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | *max(P~EMAX1~ --P~PowerClass~, 0) (dB)*        |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | For FR2, P~compensation~ is set to 0.          |
|                    |                                                |
|                    | For IAB-MT, P~compensation~ is set to 0.       |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~EMAX1~, P~EMAX2~ | Maximum TX power level of a UE may use when    |
|                    | transmitting on the uplink in the cell (dBm)   |
|                    | defined as P~EMAX~ in TS 38.101 \[15\]. If UE  |
|                    | supports SUL frequency for this cell, P~EMAX1~ |
|                    | and P~EMAX2~ are obtained from the *p-Max* for |
|                    | SUL in *SIB1* and *NR-NS-PmaxList* for SUL     |
|                    | respectively in *SIB1, SIB2* and *SIB4* as     |
|                    | specified in TS 38.331 \[3\], else P~EMAX1~    |
|                    | and P~EMAX2~ are obtained from the *p-Max* and |
|                    | *NR-NS-PmaxList* respectively in *SIB1*,       |
|                    | *SIB2* and *SIB4* for normal UL as specified   |
|                    | in TS 38.331 \[3\].                            |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+
| P~PowerClass~      | Maximum RF output power of the UE (dBm)        |
|                    | according to the UE power class as defined in  |
|                    | TS 38.101-1 \[15\].                            |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------+

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.3.1\]

...

When cell status \"barred\" is indicated or to be treated as if the cell
status is \"barred\",

\- The UE is not permitted to select/reselect this cell, not even for
emergency calls.

\- The UE shall select another cell according to the following rule:

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to being unable to acquire the *MIB*:

\- the UE may exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for up to 300 seconds.

\- the UE may select another cell on the same frequency if the selection
criteria are fulfilled.

\- else:

...

\- *If the UE is not a RedCap UE, or if the UE is a RedCap UE and
intraFreqReselectionRedCap in SIB1 is available:*

> ...

\- If the field *intraFreqReselection* in *MIB* message is set to \"not
allowed\":

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to being unable to acquire the *SIB1*:

\- the UE may exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for up to 300 seconds;

\- If the cell operates in licensed spectrum:

\- the UE shall not re-select to another cell on the same frequency as
the barred cell and exclude such cell(s) as candidate(s) for cell
selection/reselection for 300 seconds;

\- else:

\- the UE may select to another cell on the same frequency if the
reselection criteria are fulfilled.

\- else:

\- If the cell operates in licensed spectrum, or if this cell belongs to
a PLMN which is indicated as being equivalent to the registered PLMN or
the selected PLMN of the UE, or if this cell belongs to the registered
SNPN or the selected SNPN of the UE:

\- the UE shall not re-select to another cell on the same frequency as
the barred cell and exclude such cell(s) as candidate(s) for cell
selection/reselection for 300 second**s**;

\- else:

\- the UE may select to another cell on the same frequency if the
reselection criteria are fulfilled.

\- the UE shall exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for 300 seconds.

##### 6.6.1.2.3 Test description {#test-description-103 .H6}

##### 6.6.1.2.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-104 .H6}

System Simulator:

\- NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 2 as specified in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] table
4.4.2-3.

\- All NR cells are configured to operate in shared spectrum.

\- System information combination NR-2 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

UE:

> \- None.

Preamble:

> \- The UE is in state 2N-A as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table
> 4.4A.2-2 on NR Cell 1.

##### 6.6.1.2.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-101 .H6}

Table 6.6.1.2.3.2-1 illustrates the downlink power levels to be applied
for NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 2 at various time instants of the test
execution. Row marked \"T0\" denotes the conditions after the preamble,
while the configuration marked \"T1\", are applied at the point
indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table 6.6.1.2.3.2-2.

Table 6.6.1.2.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 2 in conducted test environment

+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|        | **Par    | **Unit** | **NR     | **NR     | **       |
|        | ameter** |          | Cell 1** | Cell 2** | Remark** |
+========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| **T0** | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -88      | -94      | The      |
|        |          |          |          |          | power    |
|        | SSS EPRE |          |          |          | level    |
|        |          |          |          |          | value is |
|        |          |          |          |          | such to  |
|        |          |          |          |          | satisfy  |
|        |          |          |          |          | Srxlev~  |
|        |          |          |          |          | NRCell1~ |
|        |          |          |          |          | \< 0 and |
|        |          |          |          |          | Srxlev~  |
|        |          |          |          |          | NRCell2~ |
|        |          |          |          |          | \> 0.    |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|        | Q        | dBm      | -80      | -110     |          |
|        | rxlevmin |          |          |          |          |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|        | Qrxlevm  | dB       | 0        | 0        |          |
|        | inoffset |          |          |          |          |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|        | Pcomp    | dB       | 0        | 0        |          |
|        | ensation |          |          |          |          |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| **T1** | SS/PBCH  | dBm/SCS  | -94      | -88      |          |
|        |          |          |          |          |          |
|        | SSS EPRE |          |          |          |          |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|        | Q        | dBm      | -110     | -80      |          |
|        | rxlevmin |          |          |          |          |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|        | Qrxlevm  | dB       | 0        | 0        |          |
|        | inoffset |          |          |          |          |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|        | Pcomp    | dB       | 0        | 0        |          |
|        | ensation |          |          |          |          |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|        | intr     |          | allowed  | no       |          |
|        | aFreqRes |          |          | tAllowed |          |
|        | election |          |          |          |          |
+--------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 6.6.1.2.3.2-2: Main behaviour

  St   Procedure                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Message Sequence   TP                            Verdict   
  ---- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ----------------------------- --------- ----
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    U - S              Message                                 
  1    The SS adjusts the SS/PBCH EPRE levels according to row \"T0\" in table 6.6.1.2.3.2-1.                                                                                                                                                                                       \-                 *-*                           \-        \-
  2    Check: Does the UE transmit an *RRCResumeRequest* message on the NR Cell 2?                                                                                                                                                                                                  \--\>              NR RRC: *RRCResumeRequest*    1         P
  3    The SS transmits an *RRCResume* message.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     \<\--              NR RRC: *RRCResume*           \-        \-
  4    The UE transmit an *RRCResumeComplete* message.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              \--\>              NR RRC: *RRCResumeComplete*   \-        \-
  5    The SS transmits an *RRCRelease* message including *suspendConfig* with NR\_RRC\_INACTIVE condition.                                                                                                                                                                         \<\--              NR RRC: *RRCRelease*          \-        \-
  6    SS transmits Short Message on PDCCH addressed to P-RNTI using Short Message field in DCI format 1\_0. Bit 1 of Short Message field is set to 1 to indicate the SysInfo Modification and SS adjusts the SS/PBCH EPRE levels according to row \"T1\" in table 6.6.1.2.3.2-1.   \-                 \-                            \-        \-
  7    Check: Does the UE transmit an *RRCResumeRequest* message on the NR Cell 1?                                                                                                                                                                                                  \--\>              NR RRC: *RRCResumeRequest*    2         P
  8    The SS transmits an *RRCResume* message.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     \<\--              NR RRC: *RRCResume*           \-        \-
  9    The UE transmit an *RRCResumeComplete* message.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              \--\>              NR RRC: *RRCResumeComplete*   \-        \-
  10   The SS transmits an *RRCRelease* message including *suspendConfig* with NR\_RRC\_INACTIVE condition.                                                                                                                                                                         \<\--              NR RRC: *RRCRelease*          \-        \-

##### 6.6.1.2.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-96 .H6}

Table 6.6.1.2.3.3-1: *SIB1* for NR Cell 1 (Preamble and Step 6, Table
6.6.1.2.3.2-2)

  ---------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------- ------------- ---------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                                                            
  **Information Element**                              **Value/remark**                                           **Comment**   **Condition**
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                           
  cellSelectionInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                                                  
  q-RxLevMin                                           -40                                                        -80 dBm       Preamble
  q-RxLevMin                                           -55                                                        -110 dBm      Step 6
  }                                                                                                                             
  servingCellConfigCommon                              ServingCellConfigCommonSIB with condition SharedSpectrum                 
  }                                                                                                                             
  ---------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------- ------------- ---------------

Table 6.6.1.2.3.3-2: RRCResumeRequest (Steps 2 and 7, Table
6.6.1.2.3.2-2)

  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-19                            
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  RRCResumeRequest ::= SEQUENCE {                                               
  rrcResumeRequest SEQUENCE {                                                   
  resumeCause                                          rna-Update               
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.6.1.2.3.3-3: RRCResume (Steps 3 and 8, Table 6.6.1.2.3.2-2)

  ---------------------------------------------------- ----------------- --------------------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-17                                           
  Information Element                                  Value/remark      Comment               Condition
  RRCResume ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                     
  criticalExtensions CHOICE {                                                                  
  rrcResume SEQUENCE {                                                                         
  masterCellGroup := SEQUENCE {                        CellGroupConfig   Table 6.6.1.2.3.3-4   
  }                                                                                            
  }                                                                                            
  }                                                                                            
  ---------------------------------------------------- ----------------- --------------------- -----------

Table 6.6.1.2.3.3-4: *CellGroupConfig* (Table 6.6.1.2.3.3-3)

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------- ------------- ---------------
  Derivation Path: 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.3-19 with condition RESUME                                     
  **Information Element**                                                 **Value/remark**    **Comment**   **Condition**
  CellGroupConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                            
  spCellConfigDedicated                                                   ServingCellConfig                 
  }                                                                                                         
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------- ------------- ---------------

Table 6.6.1.2.3.3-5: *ServingCellConfig* (Table 6.6.1.2.3.3-4)

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.3-167 with condition RESUME                                     
  Information Element                                                         Value/remark            Comment   Condition
  ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                              
  initialDownlinkBWP                                                          BWP-DownlinkDedicated             
  }                                                                                                             
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.6.1.2.3.3-6: *BWP-DownlinkDedicated* (Table 6.6.1.2.3.3-5)

  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.3-11                            
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  BWP-DownlinkDedicated ::= SEQUENCE {                                          
  pdcch-Config                                         Not present              
  pdsch-Config CHOICE {                                                         
  setup                                                PDSCH-Config             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.6.1.2.3.3-7: *PDSCH-Config* (Table 6.6.1.2.3.3-6)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.3-100                                                                     
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ --------------- ------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                                            Value/remark    Comment                  Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                             
  dmrs-DownlinkForPDSCH-MappingTypeA                                             Not present                              
  tci-StatesToAddModList SEQUENCE(SIZE (1.. maxNrofTCI-States)) OF TCI-State {   1 entry                                  
  TCI-State\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                      entry 1                  
  tci-StateId                                                                    0                                        
  qcl-type1 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                    
  referenceSignal CHOICE {                                                                                                
  ssb                                                                            SSB index \#n   SSB index of NR Cell 2   Step 3
                                                                                 SSB index \#n   SSB index of NR Cell 1   Step 8
  }                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                       
  prb-BundlingType                                                               Not present                              
  }                                                                                                                       

Table 6.6.1.2.3.3-8: *MIB for NR Cell 2* (step 6, Table 6.6.1.2.3.2-2)

  -------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.6.1-6                            
  Information Element                                Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  MIB ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  intraFreqReselection                               notAllowed               
  }                                                                           
  -------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.6.1.2.3.3-9: *SIB1* for NR Cell 2 (Step 6, Table 6.6.1.2.3.2-2)

  ---------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------- ------------- ---------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                                                            
  **Information Element**                              **Value/remark**                                           **Comment**   **Condition**
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                           
  cellSelectionInfo SEQUENCE {                                                                                                  
  q-RxLevMin                                           -40                                                        -80 dBm       Step 6
  servingCellConfigCommon                              ServingCellConfigCommonSIB with condition SharedSpectrum                 
  }                                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                                             
  ---------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------- ------------- ---------------

Table 6.6.1.2.3.3-10: SIB2 for NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 (All steps, Table
6.6.1.2.3.2-2)

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] table 4.6.2-1 Condition SharedSpectrum
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

### 6.6.2 NR Shared Spectrum cell reselection

#### 6.6.2.1 Cell reselection / next best cell / Intra frequency

##### 6.6.2.1.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-106 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-197 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure** that {

**when** { UE detects the cell re-selection criteria are met for the
next best cell on the same frequency }

**then** { the UE reselects the new cell }

}

##### 6.6.2.1.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-106 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 38.304, clauses 5.2.4.1, 5.2.4.4 and TS 38.331, clause
6.3.1. Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-16 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.1\]

Absolute priorities of different NR frequencies or inter-RAT frequencies
may be provided to the UE in the system information, in the *RRCRelease*
message, or by inheriting from another RAT at inter-RAT cell
(re)selection. In the case of system information, an NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency may be listed without providing a priority (i.e. the
field *cellReselectionPriority* is absent for that frequency). If any
fields with *cellReselectionPriority* or *nsag-CellReselectionPriority*
are provided in dedicated signalling, the UE shall ignore any fields
with *cellReselectionPriority* and *nsag-CellReselectionPriority*
provided in system information.

When UE is in camped normally state, if it supports slice-based cell
reselection and has received the network slice(s) and NSAG information
from NAS to be used for cell reselection, UE shall derive reselection
priorities according to clause 5.2.4.11.

If UE is in *camped on any cell* state, UE shall only apply the
priorities provided by system information from current cell, and the UE
preserves priorities provided by dedicated signalling and
*deprioritisationReq* received in *RRCRelease* unless specified
otherwise. When the UE in camped normally state, has only dedicated
priorities other than for the current frequency, the UE shall consider
the current frequency to be the lowest priority frequency (i.e. lower
than any of the network configured values).

...

The UE shall only perform cell reselection evaluation for NR frequencies
and inter-RAT frequencies that are given in system information and for
which the UE has a priority provided.

...

The UE shall not consider any exclude-listed cells as candidate for cell
reselection.

The UE shall consider only the allow-listed cells, if configured, as
candidates for cell reselection.

The UE in RRC\_IDLE state shall inherit the priorities provided by
dedicated signalling and the remaining validity time (i.e. T320 in NR
and E-UTRA), if configured, at inter-RAT cell (re)selection.

...

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.4\]

For the highest ranked cell (including serving cell) according to cell
reselection criteria specified in clause 5.2.4.6, for the best cell
according to absolute priority reselection criteria specified in clause
5.2.4.5, the UE shall check if the access is restricted according to the
rules in clause 5.3.1.

If that cell and other cells have to be excluded from the candidate
list, as stated in clause 5.3.1, the UE shall not consider these as
candidates for cell reselection. This limitation shall be removed when
the highest ranked cell changes.

If the highest ranked cell or best cell according to absolute priority
reselection rules is an intra-frequency or inter-frequency cell which is
not suitable due to one or more of the following reasons:

\- this cell belongs to a PLMN which is not indicated as being
equivalent to the registered PLMN, or

\- this cell is a CAG cell that belongs to a PLMN which is equivalent to
the registered PLMN but with no CAG-ID that is present in the UE\'s
allowed CAG list being broadcasted, or

\- this cell is not a CAG cell and the CAG-only indication in the UE is
set, or

\- this cell does not belong to a SNPN that is equal to the registered
or selected SNPN of the UE in SNPN access mode,

the UE shall not consider this cell and, for operation in licensed
spectrum, other cells on the same frequency as candidates for
reselection for a maximum of 300 seconds.

For operation with shared spectrum channel access, when the highest
ranked cell or best cell is not a candidate for reselection per the
previous paragraph, the UE should continue to consider other cells on
the same frequency for cell reselection, however if the second highest
ranked cell on this frequency is also not suitable due to one or more of
the above reasons, the UE may consider this frequency to be the lowest
priority for a maximum of 300 seconds.

...

\[TS 38.331, clause 6.3.1\]

...

+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ***intraFreqAllowedCellList***                                       |
|                                                                      |
| List of allow-listed intra-frequency neighbouring cells, see TS      |
| 38.304 \[20\], clause 5.2.4.                                         |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+

##### 6.6.2.1.3 Test description {#test-description-104 .H6}

##### 6.6.2.1.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-105 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-82 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 11 as specified in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
table 4.4.2-3 with exceptions that PLMN of NR Cell 11 is set to 002-101
and NR Cell 2 TAC is set to 2.

\- All NR cells are configured to operate in shared spectrum.

\- System information combination NR-3 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-95 .H6}

> \- None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-99 .H6}

\- The UE is in state Registered, Idle mode (state 1N-A) on NR Cell 1
according to TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-1.

##### 6.6.2.1.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-102 .H6}

Table 6.6.2.1.3.2-1 illustrates the downlink power levels to be applied
for NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 11 at various time instants of the
test execution. Row marked \"T0\" denotes the initial conditions after
the preamble, while the configuration marked \"T1\", are applied at the
point indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table
6.6.2.1.3.2-2.

Table 6.6.2.1.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 11

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remarks |
|    | rameter |         | 1       | 2       | 11      |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T0 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | Off     | Off     |         |
|    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -115    | -94     | -78     | The     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | RNRCell |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 1 \<    |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | RNRCell |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 2 \<    |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | RNRCell |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 11      |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.6.2.1.3.2-2: Main behaviour

+----+-----------------+-----------------+---------+---------+----+
| St | Procedure       | Message         | TP      | Verdict |    |
|    |                 | Sequence        |         |         |    |
+====+=================+=================+=========+=========+====+
|    |                 | U - S           | Message |         |    |
+----+-----------------+-----------------+---------+---------+----+
| 1  | The SS adjusts  | \-              | *-*     | \-      | \- |
|    | the SS/PBCH     |                 |         |         |    |
|    | EPRE levels     |                 |         |         |    |
|    | according to    |                 |         |         |    |
|    | row \"T1\" in   |                 |         |         |    |
|    | table           |                 |         |         |    |
|    | 6.6.2.1.3.2-1.  |                 |         |         |    |
+----+-----------------+-----------------+---------+---------+----+
| 2  | Check: Does the | \-              | *-*     | 1       | \- |
|    | test result of  |                 |         |         |    |
|    | generic test    |                 |         |         |    |
|    | procedure in TS |                 |         |         |    |
|    | 38.508-1 \[4\]  |                 |         |         |    |
|    | clause 4.9.5    |                 |         |         |    |
|    | indicate that   |                 |         |         |    |
|    | the UE is       |                 |         |         |    |
|    | camped on NR    |                 |         |         |    |
|    | Cell 2?         |                 |         |         |    |
|    |                 |                 |         |         |    |
|    | NOTE: The UE    |                 |         |         |    |
|    | performs a      |                 |         |         |    |
|    | registration    |                 |         |         |    |
|    | for mobility    |                 |         |         |    |
|    | procedure and   |                 |         |         |    |
|    | the RRC         |                 |         |         |    |
|    | connection is   |                 |         |         |    |
|    | released.       |                 |         |         |    |
+----+-----------------+-----------------+---------+---------+----+

##### 6.6.2.1.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-97 .H6}

Table 6.6.2.1.3.3-1: SIB3 for NR Cell 1 (preamble and all steps, Table
6.6.2.1.3.2-2)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-2                                                                                             
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                                   Value/Remark                  Comment   Condition
  SIB3 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                           
  intraFreqNeighCellList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1.. maxCellIntra)) OF IntraFreqNeighCellInfo {                 1 entry                                 
  IntraFreqNeighCellInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                              entry 1   
  physCellId                                                                                            PhysicalCellID of NR Cell 2             
  q-OffsetCell                                                                                          dB0                                     
  }                                                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                                                             
  intraFreqNeighCellList-v1610::= SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxCellIntra)) OF IntraFreqNeighCellInfo-v1610 {   1 entry                                 
  IntraFreqNeighCellInfo-v1610\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                        entry 1   
  ssb-PositionQCL-r16                                                                                   n2                                      
  }                                                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                                                             
  intraFreqAllowedCellList-r16::=SEQUENCE (SIZE (1.. maxCellWhite)) OF PCI-Range {                      1 entry                                 
  PCI-Range\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                     
  start                                                                                                 PhysicalCellID of NR Cell 2             
  range                                                                                                 Not present                             
  }                                                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                                                             
  intraFreqCAG-CellList-r16                                                                             Not present                             
  }                                                                                                                                             

Table 6.6.2.1.3.3-2: SIB3 for NR Cell 2 (all steps, Table 6.6.2.1.3.2-2)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-2                                                                                             
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                                   Value/Remark                  Comment   Condition
  SIB3 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                           
  intraFreqNeighCellList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1.. maxCellIntra)) OF IntraFreqNeighCellInfo {                 1 entry                                 
  IntraFreqNeighCellInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                              entry 1   
  physCellId                                                                                            PhysicalCellID of NR Cell 1             
  q-OffsetCell                                                                                          dB0                                     
  }                                                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                                                             
  intraFreqNeighCellList-v1610::= SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxCellIntra)) OF IntraFreqNeighCellInfo-v1610 {   1 entry                                 
  IntraFreqNeighCellInfo-v1610\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                        entry 1   
  ssb-PositionQCL-r16                                                                                   n2                                      
  }                                                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                                                             
  intraFreqAllowedCellList-r16::=SEQUENCE (SIZE (1.. maxCellWhite)) OF PCI-Range {                      1 entry                                 
  PCI-Range\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                     
  start                                                                                                 PhysicalCellID of NR Cell 1             
  range                                                                                                 Not present                             
  }                                                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                                                             
  intraFreqCAG-CellList-r16                                                                             Not present                             
  }                                                                                                                                             

Table 6.6.2.1.3.3-3: SIB1 for NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 (All steps, Table
6.6.2.1.3.2-2)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] table 4.6.1-28                                                                        
  --------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark                                               Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                      
  servingCellConfigCommon                             ServingCellConfigCommonSIB with condition SharedSpectrum             
  }                                                                                                                        

Table 6.6.2.1.3.3-4: SIB2 for NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 (All steps, Table
6.6.2.1.3.2-2)

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] table 4.6.2-1 Condition SharedSpectrum
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

#### 6.6.2.2 Cell reselection / next best cell not suitable / inter frequency

##### 6.6.2.2.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-107 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-198 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure** that {

**when** { UE detects next best cell on the same frequency as not
suitable for reselection }

**then** { the UE does not reselect to the cell on the same frequency }

}

##### (2) {#section-199 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure** that {

**when** { UE detects the cell re-selection criteria are met for the
cell on the different frequency }

**then** { the UE reselects the new cell }

}

##### 6.6.2.2.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-107 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 38.304, clauses 5.2.4.1, 5.2.4.4, 5.2.4.6 and TS
38.331, clause 6.3.1. Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-16
requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.1\]

Absolute priorities of different NR frequencies or inter-RAT frequencies
may be provided to the UE in the system information, in the *RRCRelease*
message, or by inheriting from another RAT at inter-RAT cell
(re)selection. In the case of system information, an NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency may be listed without providing a priority (i.e. the
field *cellReselectionPriority* is absent for that frequency). If any
fields with *cellReselectionPriority* or *nsag-CellReselectionPriority*
are provided in dedicated signalling, the UE shall ignore any fields
with *cellReselectionPriority* and *nsag-CellReselectionPriority*
provided in system information.

When UE is in camped normally state, if it supports slice-based cell
reselection and has received the network slice(s) and NSAG information
from NAS to be used for cell reselection, UE shall derive reselection
priorities according to clause 5.2.4.11.

If UE is in *camped on any cell* state, UE shall only apply the
priorities provided by system information from current cell, and the UE
preserves priorities provided by dedicated signalling and
*deprioritisationReq* received in *RRCRelease* unless specified
otherwise. When the UE in camped normally state, has only dedicated
priorities other than for the current frequency, the UE shall consider
the current frequency to be the lowest priority frequency (i.e. lower
than any of the network configured values).

...

The UE shall only perform cell reselection evaluation for NR frequencies
and inter-RAT frequencies that are given in system information and for
which the UE has a priority provided.

...

The UE shall not consider any exclude-listed cells as candidate for cell
reselection.

The UE shall consider only the allow-listed cells, if configured, as
candidates for cell reselection.

The UE in RRC\_IDLE state shall inherit the priorities provided by
dedicated signalling and the remaining validity time (i.e. T320 in NR
and E-UTRA), if configured, at inter-RAT cell (re)selection.

...

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.4\]

For the highest ranked cell (including serving cell) according to cell
reselection criteria specified in clause 5.2.4.6, for the best cell
according to absolute priority reselection criteria specified in clause
5.2.4.5, the UE shall check if the access is restricted according to the
rules in clause 5.3.1.

If that cell and other cells have to be excluded from the candidate
list, as stated in clause 5.3.1, the UE shall not consider these as
candidates for cell reselection. This limitation shall be removed when
the highest ranked cell changes.

If the highest ranked cell or best cell according to absolute priority
reselection rules is an intra-frequency or inter-frequency cell which is
not suitable due to one or more of the following reasons:

\- this cell belongs to a PLMN which is not indicated as being
equivalent to the registered PLMN, or

\- this cell is a CAG cell that belongs to a PLMN which is equivalent to
the registered PLMN but with no CAG-ID that is present in the UE\'s
allowed CAG list being broadcasted, or

\- this cell is not a CAG cell and the CAG-only indication in the UE is
set, or

\- this cell does not belong to a SNPN that is equal to the registered
or selected SNPN of the UE in SNPN access mode,

the UE shall not consider this cell and, for operation in licensed
spectrum, other cells on the same frequency as candidates for
reselection for a maximum of 300 seconds.

For operation with shared spectrum channel access, when the highest
ranked cell or best cell is not a candidate for reselection per the
previous paragraph, the UE should continue to consider other cells on
the same frequency for cell reselection, however if the second highest
ranked cell on this frequency is also not suitable due to one or more of
the above reasons, the UE may consider this frequency to be the lowest
priority for a maximum of 300 seconds.

...

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.6\]

The cell-ranking criterion R~s~ for serving cell and R~n~ for
neighbouring cells is defined by:

+-------------------------------------------+
| R~s~ = Q~meas,s~ +Q~hyst~ - Qoffset~temp~ |
|                                           |
| R~n~ = Q~meas,n~ -Qoffset - Qoffset~temp~ |
+-------------------------------------------+

where:

+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Q~meas~       | RSRP measurement quantity used in cell              |
|               | reselections.                                       |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset       | For intra-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~, if     |
|               | Qoffset~s,n~ is valid, otherwise this equals to     |
|               | zero.                                               |
|               |                                                     |
|               | For inter-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~ plus    |
|               | Qoffset~frequency~, if Qoffset~s,n~ is valid,       |
|               | otherwise this equals to Qoffset~frequency~.        |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset~temp~ | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as specified   |
|               | in TS 38.331 \[3\].                                 |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

The UE shall perform ranking of all cells that fulfil the cell selection
criterion S, which is defined in 5.2.3.2.

The cells shall be ranked according to the R criteria specified above by
deriving Q~meas,n~ and Q~meas,s~ and calculating the R values using
averaged RSRP results.

If *rangeToBestCell* is not configured, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell. If this cell is found to be
not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to clause 5.2.4.4.

If *rangeToBestCell* is configured*,* then the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the cell with the highest number of beams above the
threshold (i.e. *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation*) among the cells whose
R value is within *rangeToBestCell* of the R value of the highest ranked
cell. If there are multiple such cells, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell among them. If this cell is found
to be not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to clause 5.2.4.4.

In all cases, the UE shall reselect the new cell, only if the following
conditions are met:

\- the new cell is better than the serving cell according to the cell
reselection criteria specified above during a time interval
Treselection~RAT~;

\- more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

NOTE: If *rangeToBestCell* is configured but
*absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* is not configured on an NR frequency,
the UE considers that there is one beam above the threshold for each
cell on that frequency.

\[TS 38.331, clause 6.3.1\]

...

+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ***interFreqAllowedCellList***                                       |
|                                                                      |
| List of allow-listed inter-frequency neighbouring cells, see TS      |
| 38.304 \[20\], clause 5.2.4.                                         |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+

##### 6.6.2.2.3 Test description {#test-description-105 .H6}

##### 6.6.2.2.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-106 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-83 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 3 and NR Cell 11 as specified in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
table 4.4.2-3 with exceptions that PLMN of NR Cell 11 is set to 002-101
and NR Cell 3 TAC is set to 2.

\- All NR cells are configured to operate in shared spectrum.

\- System information combination NR-4 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cell 1 and NR cell 3.

\- System information combination NR-2 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cell 11.

##### UE: {#ue-96 .H6}

> \- None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-100 .H6}

\- The UE is in state Registered, Idle mode (state 1N-A) on NR Cell 1
according to TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-1.

##### 6.6.2.2.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-103 .H6}

Table 6.6.2.2.3.2-1 illustrates the downlink power levels to be applied
for NR Cell 1, NR Cell 3 and NR Cell 11 at various time instants of the
test execution. Row marked \"T0\" denotes the initial conditions after
the preamble, while the configuration marked \"T1\" and \"T2\", are
applied at the point indicated in the Main behaviour description in
Table 6.6.2.2.3.2-2.

Table 6.6.2.2.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for NR Cell 1, NR Cell 3 and NR Cell 11

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remarks |
|    | rameter |         | 1       | 3       | 11      |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T0 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | Off     | Off     |         |
|    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -115    | Off     | -78     | The     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | R       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ~NRC    |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \< R    |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ~NRCe   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 11~ |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -115    | -94     | -78     | The     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | R       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ~NRC    |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \< R    |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ~NRC    |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 3~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \< R    |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ~NRCe   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 11~ |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.6.2.2.3.2-2: Main behaviour

+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| St | Procedure    | Message      | TP           | Verdict |    |
|    |              | Sequence     |              |         |    |
+====+==============+==============+==============+=========+====+
|    |              | U - S        | Message      |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 1  | The SS       | \-           | *-*          | \-      | \- |
|    | adjusts the  |              |              |         |    |
|    | SS/PBCH EPRE |              |              |         |    |
|    | levels       |              |              |         |    |
|    | according to |              |              |         |    |
|    | row \"T1\"   |              |              |         |    |
|    | in table     |              |              |         |    |
|    | 6.           |              |              |         |    |
|    | 6.2.2.3.2-1. |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 2  | Check: Does  | \-           | NR RRC:      | 1       | F  |
|    | the UE send  |              | *RRCS        |         |    |
|    | an           |              | etupRequest* |         |    |
|    | *RRCS        |              |              |         |    |
|    | etupRequest* |              |              |         |    |
|    | on NR Cell   |              |              |         |    |
|    | 11 within    |              |              |         |    |
|    | 60s?         |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 3  | The SS       | \-           | *-*          | \-      | \- |
|    | adjusts the  |              |              |         |    |
|    | SS/PBCH EPRE |              |              |         |    |
|    | levels       |              |              |         |    |
|    | according to |              |              |         |    |
|    | row \"T2\"   |              |              |         |    |
|    | in table     |              |              |         |    |
|    | 6.           |              |              |         |    |
|    | 6.2.2.3.2-1. |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+
| 4  | Check: Does  | \-           | *-*          | 2       | \- |
|    | the test     |              |              |         |    |
|    | result of    |              |              |         |    |
|    | generic test |              |              |         |    |
|    | procedure in |              |              |         |    |
|    | TS 38.508-1  |              |              |         |    |
|    | \[4\] clause |              |              |         |    |
|    | 4.9.5        |              |              |         |    |
|    | indicate     |              |              |         |    |
|    | that the UE  |              |              |         |    |
|    | is camped on |              |              |         |    |
|    | NR Cell 3?   |              |              |         |    |
|    |              |              |              |         |    |
|    | NOTE: The UE |              |              |         |    |
|    | performs a   |              |              |         |    |
|    | registration |              |              |         |    |
|    | for mobility |              |              |         |    |
|    | procedure    |              |              |         |    |
|    | and the RRC  |              |              |         |    |
|    | connection   |              |              |         |    |
|    | is released. |              |              |         |    |
+----+--------------+--------------+--------------+---------+----+

##### 6.6.2.2.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-98 .H6}

Table 6.6.2.2.3.3-1: SIB4 for NR Cell 1 (preamble and all steps, Table
6.6.2.2.3.2-2)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                                       
  Information Element                                                                               Value/remark                                Comment   Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                     
  interFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo {               1 entry                                               
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                      entry 1   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                                    Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 3             
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  interFreqCarrierFreqList-v1610 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo-v1610 {   1 entry                                               
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo-v1610\[1\] {                                                                                                         entry 1   
  interFreqNeighCellList-v1610                                                                      Not present                                           
  smtc2-LP-r16                                                                                      Not present                                           
  interFreqAllowedCellList-r16 ::= SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxCellAllowed)) OF PCI-Range {               1 entry                                               
  PCI-Range\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                     entry 1   
  start                                                                                             PhysicalCellID of NR Cell 3                           
  range                                                                                             Not present                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  ssb-PositionQCL-Common-r16                                                                        n2                                                    
  interFreqCAG-CellList-r16                                                                         Not present                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.6.2.2.3.3-2: SIB4 for NR Cell 3 (step 3, Table 6.6.2.2.3.2-2)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                                       
  Information Element                                                                               Value/remark                                Comment   Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                     
  interFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo {               1 entry                                               
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                      entry 1   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                                    Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 1             
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  interFreqCarrierFreqList-v1610 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo-v1610 {   1 entry                                               
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo-v1610\[1\] {                                                                                                         entry 1   
  interFreqNeighCellList-v1610                                                                      Not present                                           
  smtc2-LP-r16                                                                                      Not present                                           
  interFreqAllowedCellList-r16 ::= SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxCellAllowed)) OF PCI-Range {               1 entry                                               
  PCI-Range\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                     entry 1   
  start                                                                                             PhysicalCellID of NR Cell 1                           
  range                                                                                             Not present                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  ssb-PositionQCL-Common-r16                                                                        n2                                                    
  interFreqCAG-CellList-r16                                                                         Not present                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.6.2.2.3.3-3: SIB1 for NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2, NR Cell 11 (All
steps, Table 6.6.2.2.3.2-2)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] table 4.6.1-28                                                                        
  --------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark                                               Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                      
  servingCellConfigCommon                             ServingCellConfigCommonSIB with condition SharedSpectrum             
  }                                                                                                                        

Table 6.6.2.2.3.3-4: SIB2 for NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2, NR Cell 11 (All
steps, Table 6.6.2.2.3.2-2)

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] table 4.6.2-1 Condition SharedSpectrum
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

#### 6.6.2.3 Cell reselection / next best cell / intra frequency / RRC Inactive

##### 6.6.2.3.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-108 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-200 .H6}

**with { UE in NR RRC\_INACTIVE state }**

**ensure that {**

**when { UE detects the cell re-selection criteria are met for the next
best cell on the same frequency }**

**then { the UE reselects the new cell }**

**}**

##### 6.6.2.3.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-108 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 38.304, clauses 4.1, 5.2.4.1, 5.2.4.4 and TS 38.331,
clause 6.3.1. Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-16 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 4.1\]

The RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE state tasks can be subdivided into
three processes:

\- PLMN selection (for UE not operating in SNPN access mode) or SNPN
selection (for UE operating in SNPN access mode);

\- Cell selection and reselection;

\- Location registration and RNA update.

PLMN selection, SNPN selection, cell reselection procedures, and
location registration are common for both RRC\_IDLE state and
RRC\_INACTIVE state. RNA update is only applicable for RRC\_INACTIVE
state. When UE selects a new PLMN or SNPN, UE transitions from
RRC\_INACTIVE to RRC\_IDLE, as specified in TS 24.501 \[14\].

...

If the UE finds a more suitable cell, according to the cell reselection
criteria, it reselects onto that cell and camps on it. If the new cell
does not belong to at least one tracking area to which the UE is
registered, location registration is performed. In RRC\_INACTIVE state,
if the new cell does not belong to the configured RNA, an RNA update
procedure is performed.

If necessary, the UE shall search for higher priority PLMNs at regular
time intervals as described in TS 23.122 \[9\] and search for a suitable
cell if another PLMN has been selected by NAS.

...

The purpose of camping on a cell in RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE
state is as follows:

a\) It enables the UE to receive system information from the PLMN or the
SNPN.

b\) When registered and if the UE wishes to establish an RRC connection
or resume a suspended RRC connection, it can do this by initially
accessing the network on the control channel of the cell on which it is
camped.

c\) If the network needs to send a message or deliver data to the
registered UE, it knows (in most cases) the set of tracking areas (in
RRC\_IDLE state) or RNA (in RRC\_INACTIVE state) in which the UE is
camped. It can then send a \"paging\" message for the UE on the control
channels of all the cells in the corresponding set of areas. The UE will
then receive the paging message and can respond.

d\) It enables the UE to receive ETWS and CMAS notifications.

e\) It enables the UE to receive MBS broadcast services.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.1\]

Absolute priorities of different NR frequencies or inter-RAT frequencies
may be provided to the UE in the system information, in the *RRCRelease*
message, or by inheriting from another RAT at inter-RAT cell
(re)selection. In the case of system information, an NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency may be listed without providing a priority (i.e. the
field *cellReselectionPriority* is absent for that frequency). If any
fields with *cellReselectionPriority* or *nsag-CellReselectionPriority*
are provided in dedicated signalling, the UE shall ignore any fields
with *cellReselectionPriority* and *nsag-CellReselectionPriority*
provided in system information.

When UE is in camped normally state, if it supports slice-based cell
reselection and has received the network slice(s) and NSAG information
from NAS to be used for cell reselection, UE shall derive reselection
priorities according to clause 5.2.4.11.

If UE is in *camped on any cell* state, UE shall only apply the
priorities provided by system information from current cell, and the UE
preserves priorities provided by dedicated signalling and
*deprioritisationReq* received in *RRCRelease* unless specified
otherwise. When the UE in camped normally state, has only dedicated
priorities other than for the current frequency, the UE shall consider
the current frequency to be the lowest priority frequency (i.e. lower
than any of the network configured values).

...

The UE shall only perform cell reselection evaluation for NR frequencies
and inter-RAT frequencies that are given in system information and for
which the UE has a priority provided.

...

The UE shall not consider any exclude-listed cells as candidate for cell
reselection.

The UE shall consider only the allow-listed cells, if configured, as
candidates for cell reselection.

The UE in RRC\_IDLE state shall inherit the priorities provided by
dedicated signalling and the remaining validity time (i.e. T320 in NR
and E-UTRA), if configured, at inter-RAT cell (re)selection.

...

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.4\]

For the highest ranked cell (including serving cell) according to cell
reselection criteria specified in clause 5.2.4.6, for the best cell
according to absolute priority reselection criteria specified in clause
5.2.4.5, the UE shall check if the access is restricted according to the
rules in clause 5.3.1.

If that cell and other cells have to be excluded from the candidate
list, as stated in clause 5.3.1, the UE shall not consider these as
candidates for cell reselection. This limitation shall be removed when
the highest ranked cell changes.

If the highest ranked cell or best cell according to absolute priority
reselection rules is an intra-frequency or inter-frequency cell which is
not suitable due to one or more of the following reasons:

\- this cell belongs to a PLMN which is not indicated as being
equivalent to the registered PLMN, or

\- this cell is a CAG cell that belongs to a PLMN which is equivalent to
the registered PLMN but with no CAG-ID that is present in the UE\'s
allowed CAG list being broadcasted, or

\- this cell is not a CAG cell and the CAG-only indication in the UE is
set, or

\- this cell does not belong to a SNPN that is equal to the registered
or selected SNPN of the UE in SNPN access mode,

the UE shall not consider this cell and, for operation in licensed
spectrum, other cells on the same frequency as candidates for
reselection for a maximum of 300 seconds.

For operation with shared spectrum channel access, when the highest
ranked cell or best cell is not a candidate for reselection per the
previous paragraph, the UE should continue to consider other cells on
the same frequency for cell reselection, however if the second highest
ranked cell on this frequency is also not suitable due to one or more of
the above reasons, the UE may consider this frequency to be the lowest
priority for a maximum of 300 seconds.

...

\[TS 38.331, clause 6.3.1\]

+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ***intraFreqAllowedCellList***                                       |
|                                                                      |
| List of allow-listed intra-frequency neighbouring cells, see TS      |
| 38.304 \[20\], clause 5.2.4.                                         |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+

##### 6.6.2.3.3 Test description {#test-description-106 .H6}

##### 6.6.2.3.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-107 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-84 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 11 as specified in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
table 4.4.2-3 with exceptions that PLMN of NR Cell 11 is set to 002-101
and NR Cell 2 TAC is set to 2.

\- All NR cells are configured to operate in shared spectrum.

\- System information combination NR-3 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-97 .H6}

> \- None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-101 .H6}

\- The UE is in state Registered, Inactive mode (state 2N-A) on NR Cell
1 according to TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-2.

##### 6.6.2.3.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-104 .H6}

Table 6.6.2.3.3.2-1 illustrates the downlink power levels to be applied
for NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 11 at various time instants of the
test execution. Row marked \"T0\" denotes the initial conditions after
the preamble, while the configuration marked \"T1\", are applied at the
point indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table
6.6.2.3.3.2-2.

Table 6.6.2.3.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 11

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remarks |
|    | rameter |         | 1       | 2       | 11      |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T0 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | Off     | Off     |         |
|    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -115    | -94     | -78     | The     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | RNRCell |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 1 \<    |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | RNRCell |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 2 \<    |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | RNRCell |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 11      |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.6.2.3.3.2-2: Main behaviour

  St   Procedure                                                                                          Message Sequence   TP                            Verdict   
  ---- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ----------------------------- --------- ----
                                                                                                          U - S              Message                                 
  1    The SS adjusts the SS/PBCH EPRE levels according to row \"T1\" in table 6.6.2.3.3.2-1.             \-                 \-                            \-        \-
  2    Check: Does the UE transmit an *RRCResumeRequest* message on NR Cell 2?                            \--\>              NR RRC: *RRCResumeRequest*    1         P
  3    The SS transmits an *RRCResume* message.                                                           \<\--              NR RRC: *RRCResume*           \-        \-
  4    The UE transmits an *RRCResumeComplete* message.                                                   \--\>              NR RRC: *RRCResumeComplete*   \-        \-
  5    The SS transmits an RRCRelease message including suspendConfig with NR\_RRC\_INACTIVE condition.   \<\--              NR RRC: *RRCRelease*          \-        \-

##### 6.6.2.3.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-99 .H6}

Table 6.6.2.3.3.3-1: SIB3 for NR Cell 1 (preamble and all steps, Table
6.6.2.3.3.2-2)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-2                                                                                             
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                                   Value/Remark                  Comment   Condition
  SIB3 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                           
  intraFreqNeighCellList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1.. maxCellIntra)) OF IntraFreqNeighCellInfo {                 1 entry                                 
  IntraFreqNeighCellInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                              entry 1   
  physCellId                                                                                            PhysicalCellID of NR Cell 2             
  q-OffsetCell                                                                                          dB0                                     
  }                                                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                                                             
  intraFreqNeighCellList-v1610::= SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxCellIntra)) OF IntraFreqNeighCellInfo-v1610 {   1 entry                                 
  IntraFreqNeighCellInfo-v1610\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                        entry 1   
  ssb-PositionQCL-r16                                                                                   n2                                      
  }                                                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                                                             
  intraFreqAllowedCellList-r16::=SEQUENCE (SIZE (1.. maxCellWhite)) OF PCI-Range {                      1 entry                                 
  PCI-Range\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                           entry 1   
  start                                                                                                 PhysicalCellID of NR Cell 2             
  range                                                                                                 Not present                             
  }                                                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                                                             
  intraFreqCAG-CellList-r16                                                                             Not present                             
  }                                                                                                                                             

Table 6.6.2.3.3.3-2: SIB3 for NR Cell 2 (all steps, Table 6.6.2.3.3.2-2)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-2                                                                                             
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                                   Value/Remark                  Comment   Condition
  SIB3 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                           
  intraFreqNeighCellList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1.. maxCellIntra)) OF IntraFreqNeighCellInfo {                 1 entry                                 
  IntraFreqNeighCellInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                              entry 1   
  physCellId                                                                                            PhysicalCellID of NR Cell 1             
  q-OffsetCell                                                                                          dB0                                     
  }                                                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                                                             
  intraFreqNeighCellList-v1610::= SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxCellIntra)) OF IntraFreqNeighCellInfo-v1610 {   1 entry                                 
  IntraFreqNeighCellInfo-v1610\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                        entry 1   
  ssb-PositionQCL-r16                                                                                   n2                                      
  }                                                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                                                             
  intraFreqAllowedCellList-r16::=SEQUENCE (SIZE (1.. maxCellWhite)) OF PCI-Range {                      1 entry                                 
  PCI-Range\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                           entry 1   
  start                                                                                                 PhysicalCellID of NR Cell 1             
  range                                                                                                 Not present                             
  }                                                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                                                             
  intraFreqCAG-CellList-r16                                                                             Not present                             
  }                                                                                                                                             

Table 6.6.2.3.3.3-3: *RRCResumeRequest* (step 2, Table 6.6.2.3.3.2-2)

  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-19                            
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  RRCResumeRequest ::= SEQUENCE {                                               
  rrcResumeRequest SEQUENCE {                                                   
  resumeCause                                          rna-Update               
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.6.2.3.3.3-4: RRCRelease (step 5, Table 6.6.2.3.3.2-2)

  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-16 with condition NR\_RRC\_INACTIVE
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table 6.6.2.3.3.3-5: SIB1 for NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2, NR Cell 11 (All
steps, Table 6.6.2.3.3.2-2)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] table 4.6.1-28                                                                        
  --------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark                                               Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                      
  servingCellConfigCommon                             ServingCellConfigCommonSIB with condition SharedSpectrum             
  }                                                                                                                        

Table 6.6.2.3.3.3-6: SIB2 for NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2, NR Cell 11 (All
steps, Table 6.6.2.3.3.2-2)

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] table 4.6.2-1 Condition SharedSpectrum
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

#### 6.6.2.4 Cell reselection / next best cell not suitable / inter frequency / RRC Inactive

##### 6.6.2.4.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-109 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-201 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_INACTIVE state }

**ensure** that {

**when** { UE detects next best cell on the same frequency as not
suitable for reselection }

**then** { the UE does not reselect to the cell on the same frequency }

}

##### (2) {#section-202 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_INACTIVE state }

**ensure** that {

**when** { UE detects the cell re-selection criteria are met for the
cell on the different frequency }

**then** { the UE reselects the new cell }

}

##### 6.6.2.4.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-109 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 38.304, clauses 5.2.4.1, 5.2.4.4, 5.2.4.6 and TS
38.331, clause 6.3.1. Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-16
requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.1\]

Absolute priorities of different NR frequencies or inter-RAT frequencies
may be provided to the UE in the system information, in the *RRCRelease*
message, or by inheriting from another RAT at inter-RAT cell
(re)selection. In the case of system information, an NR frequency or
inter-RAT frequency may be listed without providing a priority (i.e. the
field *cellReselectionPriority* is absent for that frequency). If any
fields with *cellReselectionPriority* or *nsag-CellReselectionPriority*
are provided in dedicated signalling, the UE shall ignore any fields
with *cellReselectionPriority* and *nsag-CellReselectionPriority*
provided in system information.

When UE is in camped normally state, if it supports slice-based cell
reselection and has received the network slice(s) and NSAG information
from NAS to be used for cell reselection, UE shall derive reselection
priorities according to clause 5.2.4.11.

If UE is in *camped on any cell* state, UE shall only apply the
priorities provided by system information from current cell, and the UE
preserves priorities provided by dedicated signalling and
*deprioritisationReq* received in *RRCRelease* unless specified
otherwise. When the UE in camped normally state, has only dedicated
priorities other than for the current frequency, the UE shall consider
the current frequency to be the lowest priority frequency (i.e. lower
than any of the network configured values).

...

The UE shall only perform cell reselection evaluation for NR frequencies
and inter-RAT frequencies that are given in system information and for
which the UE has a priority provided.

...

The UE shall not consider any exclude-listed cells as candidate for cell
reselection.

The UE shall consider only the allow-listed cells, if configured, as
candidates for cell reselection.

The UE in RRC\_IDLE state shall inherit the priorities provided by
dedicated signalling and the remaining validity time (i.e. T320 in NR
and E-UTRA), if configured, at inter-RAT cell (re)selection.

...

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.4\]

For the highest ranked cell (including serving cell) according to cell
reselection criteria specified in clause 5.2.4.6, for the best cell
according to absolute priority reselection criteria specified in clause
5.2.4.5, the UE shall check if the access is restricted according to the
rules in clause 5.3.1.

If that cell and other cells have to be excluded from the candidate
list, as stated in clause 5.3.1, the UE shall not consider these as
candidates for cell reselection. This limitation shall be removed when
the highest ranked cell changes.

If the highest ranked cell or best cell according to absolute priority
reselection rules is an intra-frequency or inter-frequency cell which is
not suitable due to one or more of the following reasons:

\- this cell belongs to a PLMN which is not indicated as being
equivalent to the registered PLMN, or

\- this cell is a CAG cell that belongs to a PLMN which is equivalent to
the registered PLMN but with no CAG-ID that is present in the UE\'s
allowed CAG list being broadcasted, or

\- this cell is not a CAG cell and the CAG-only indication in the UE is
set, or

\- this cell does not belong to a SNPN that is equal to the registered
or selected SNPN of the UE in SNPN access mode,

the UE shall not consider this cell and, for operation in licensed
spectrum, other cells on the same frequency as candidates for
reselection for a maximum of 300 seconds.

For operation with shared spectrum channel access, when the highest
ranked cell or best cell is not a candidate for reselection per the
previous paragraph, the UE should continue to consider other cells on
the same frequency for cell reselection, however if the second highest
ranked cell on this frequency is also not suitable due to one or more of
the above reasons, the UE may consider this frequency to be the lowest
priority for a maximum of 300 seconds.

...

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.6\]

The cell-ranking criterion R~s~ for serving cell and R~n~ for
neighbouring cells is defined by:

+-------------------------------------------+
| R~s~ = Q~meas,s~ +Q~hyst~ - Qoffset~temp~ |
|                                           |
| R~n~ = Q~meas,n~ -Qoffset - Qoffset~temp~ |
+-------------------------------------------+

where:

+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Q~meas~       | RSRP measurement quantity used in cell              |
|               | reselections.                                       |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset       | For intra-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~, if     |
|               | Qoffset~s,n~ is valid, otherwise this equals to     |
|               | zero.                                               |
|               |                                                     |
|               | For inter-frequency: Equals to Qoffset~s,n~ plus    |
|               | Qoffset~frequency~, if Qoffset~s,n~ is valid,       |
|               | otherwise this equals to Qoffset~frequency~.        |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Qoffset~temp~ | Offset temporarily applied to a cell as specified   |
|               | in TS 38.331 \[3\].                                 |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

The UE shall perform ranking of all cells that fulfil the cell selection
criterion S, which is defined in 5.2.3.2.

The cells shall be ranked according to the R criteria specified above by
deriving Q~meas,n~ and Q~meas,s~ and calculating the R values using
averaged RSRP results.

If *rangeToBestCell* is not configured, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell. If this cell is found to be
not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to clause 5.2.4.4.

If *rangeToBestCell* is configured*,* then the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the cell with the highest number of beams above the
threshold (i.e. *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation*) among the cells whose
R value is within *rangeToBestCell* of the R value of the highest ranked
cell. If there are multiple such cells, the UE shall perform cell
reselection to the highest ranked cell among them. If this cell is found
to be not-suitable, the UE shall behave according to clause 5.2.4.4.

In all cases, the UE shall reselect the new cell, only if the following
conditions are met:

\- the new cell is better than the serving cell according to the cell
reselection criteria specified above during a time interval
Treselection~RAT~;

\- more than 1 second has elapsed since the UE camped on the current
serving cell.

NOTE: If *rangeToBestCell* is configured but
*absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* is not configured on an NR frequency,
the UE considers that there is one beam above the threshold for each
cell on that frequency.

\[TS 38.331, clause 6.3.1\]

...

+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ***interFreqAllowedCellList***                                       |
|                                                                      |
| List of allow-listed inter-frequency neighbouring cells, see TS      |
| 38.304 \[20\], clause 5.2.4.                                         |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+

##### 6.6.2.4.3 Test description {#test-description-107 .H6}

##### 6.6.2.4.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-108 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-85 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 3 and NR Cell 11 as specified in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
table 4.4.2-3 with exceptions that PLMN of NR Cell 11 is set to 002-101
and NR Cell 3 TAC is set to 2.

\- All NR cells are configured to operate in shared spectrum.

\- System information combination NR-4 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cell 1 and NR cell 3.

\- System information combination NR-2 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cell 11.

##### UE: {#ue-98 .H6}

> \- None.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-102 .H6}

\- The UE is in state Registered, Inactive mode (state 2N-A) on NR Cell
1 according to TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-2.

##### 6.6.2.4.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-105 .H6}

Table 6.6.2.4.3.2-1 illustrates the downlink power levels to be applied
for NR Cell 1, NR Cell 3 and NR Cell 11 at various time instants of the
test execution. Row marked \"T0\" denotes the initial conditions after
the preamble, while the configuration marked \"T1\", are applied at the
point indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table
6.6.2.4.3.2-2.

Table 6.6.2.4.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes for NR Cell 1, NR Cell 3 and NR Cell 11

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remarks |
|    | rameter |         | 1       | 3       | 11      |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T0 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | Off     | Off     |         |
|    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -115    | Off     | -78     | The     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | R       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ~NRC    |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \< R    |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ~NRCe   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 11~ |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -115    | -94     | -78     | The     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | power   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | satisfy |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | R       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ~NRC    |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 1~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \< R    |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ~NRC    |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ell\ 3~ |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \< R    |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ~NRCe   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | ll\ 11~ |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.6.2.4.3.2-2: Main behaviour

  St   Procedure                                                                                          Message Sequence   TP                            Verdict   
  ---- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ----------------------------- --------- ----
                                                                                                          U - S              Message                                 
  1    The SS adjusts the SS/PBCH EPRE levels according to row \"T1\" in table 6.6.2.4.3.2-1.             \-                 *-*                           \-        \-
  2    Check: Does the UE send an *RRCResumeRequest* on NR Cell 11 within 60s?                            \-                 NR RRC: *RRCResumeRequest*    1         F
  3    The SS adjusts the SS/PBCH EPRE levels according to row \"T2\" in table 6.6.2.4.3.2-1.             \-                 *-*                           \-        \-
  4    Check: Does the UE transmit an *RRCResumeRequest* message on NR Cell 3?                            \--\>              NR RRC: *RRCResumeRequest*    2         P
  5    The SS transmits an *RRCResume* message.                                                           \<\--              NR RRC: *RRCResume*           \-        \-
  6    The UE transmits an *RRCResumeComplete* message.                                                   \--\>              NR RRC: *RRCResumeComplete*   \-        \-
  7    The SS transmits an RRCRelease message including suspendConfig with NR\_RRC\_INACTIVE condition.   \<\--              NR RRC: *RRCRelease*          \-        \-

##### 6.6.2.4.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-100 .H6}

Table 6.6.2.4.3.3-1: SIB4 for NR Cell 1 (preamble and all steps, Table
6.6.2.4.3.2-2)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                                       
  Information Element                                                                               Value/remark                                Comment   Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                     
  interFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo {               1 entry                                               
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                      entry 1   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                                    Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 3             
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  interFreqCarrierFreqList-v1610 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo-v1610 {   1 entry                                               
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo-v1610\[1\] {                                                                                                         entry 1   
  interFreqNeighCellList-v1610                                                                      Not present                                           
  smtc2-LP-r16                                                                                      Not present                                           
  interFreqAllowedCellList-r16 ::= SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxCellAllowed)) OF PCI-Range {               1 entry                                               
  PCI-Range\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                     entry 1   
  start                                                                                             PhysicalCellID of NR Cell 3                           
  range                                                                                             Not present                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  ssb-PositionQCL-Common-r16                                                                        n2                                                    
  interFreqCAG-CellList-r16                                                                         Not present                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.6.2.4.3.3-2: SIB4 for NR Cell 3 (step 3, Table 6.6.2.4.3.2-2)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                                       
  Information Element                                                                               Value/remark                                Comment   Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                     
  interFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo {               1 entry                                               
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                      entry 1   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                                    Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 1             
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  interFreqCarrierFreqList-v1610 SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo-v1610 {   1 entry                                               
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo-v1610\[1\] {                                                                                                         entry 1   
  interFreqNeighCellList-v1610                                                                      Not present                                           
  smtc2-LP-r16                                                                                      Not present                                           
  interFreqAllowedCellList-r16 ::= SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxCellAllowed)) OF PCI-Range {               1 entry                                               
  PCI-Range\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                     entry 1   
  start                                                                                             PhysicalCellID of NR Cell 1                           
  range                                                                                             Not present                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  ssb-PositionQCL-Common-r16                                                                        n2                                                    
  interFreqCAG-CellList-r16                                                                         Not present                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.6.2.4.3.3-5: SIB1 for NR Cell 1, NR Cell 3, NR Cell 11 (All
steps, Table 6.6.2.4.3.2-2)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] table 4.6.1-28                                                                        
  --------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark                                               Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                      
  servingCellConfigCommon                             ServingCellConfigCommonSIB with condition SharedSpectrum             
  }                                                                                                                        

Table 6.6.2.4.3.3-6: SIB2 for NR Cell 1, NR Cell 3, NR Cell 11 (All
steps, Table 6.6.2.4.3.2-2)

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\] table 4.6.2-1 Condition SharedSpectrum
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

6.7 Non-Terrestrial Network
---------------------------

### 6.7.1 NTN idle mode operations

#### 6.7.1.1 NR NTN / Cell Selection / GNSS location

##### 6.7.1.1.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-110 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-203 .H6}

**with** { UE in 5GMM-DEREGISTERED/RRC-IDLE and UE finds a cell which
provides access by NR NTN RAT }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE has no valid GNSS position }

**then** { UE shall not establish RRC connection to perform a
Registration procedure }

}

##### (2) {#section-204 .H6}

**with** { UE in 5GMM-DEREGISTERED/RRC-IDLE and UE finds a cell which
provides access by NR NTN }

**ensure that** {

**when** { Cell broadcasts SIB19 and UE has a valid GNSS position }

**then** { UE establishes RRC connection and successfully performs
Registration procedure}

}

##### 6.7.1.1.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-110 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS38.306 clauses 16.14.1, 16.14.2.1 and 16.14.5, TS 38.331
clauses 5.2.2.3.1, 5.2.2.4.1, 5.2.2.4.21, 5.2.2.5 and 5.2.2.6.

Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 38.300, clause 16.14.1\]

Figure 16.14.1-1 below illustrates an example of a Non-Terrestrial
Network (NTN) providing non-terrestrial NR access to the UE by means of
an NTN payload and an NTN Gateway, depicting a service link between the
NTN payload and a UE, and a feeder link between the NTN Gateway and the
NTN payload.

Figure 16.14.1-1: Overall illustration of an NTN

NOTE 1: Figure 16.14.1-1 illustrates an NTN; RAN4 aspects are out of
scope.

The NTN payload transparently forwards the radio protocol received from
the UE (via the service link) to the NTN Gateway (via the feeder link)
and vice-versa. The following connectivity is supported by the NTN
payload:

\- An NTN gateway may serve multiple NTN payloads;

\- An NTN payload may be served by multiple NTN gateways.

NOTE 2: In this release, the NTN-payload may change the carrier
frequency, before re-transmitting it on the service link, and vice versa
(respectively on the feeder link).

For NTN, the following applies in addition to Network Identities as
described in clause 8.2:

\- A Tracking Area corresponds to a fixed geographical area. Any
respective mapping is configured in the RAN;

> \- A Mapped Cell ID as specified in clause 16.14.5.

Three types of service links are supported:

\- Earth-fixed: provisioned by beam(s) continuously covering the same
geographical areas all the time (e.g., the case of GSO satellites);

\- Quasi-Earth-fixed: provisioned by beam(s) covering one geographic
area for a limited period and a different geographic area during another
period (e.g., the case of NGSO satellites generating steerable beams);

\- Earth-moving: provisioned by beam(s) whose coverage area slides over
the Earth surface (e.g., the case of NGSO satellites generating fixed or
non-steerable beams).

With NGSO satellites, the gNB can provide either quasi-Earth-fixed
service link or Earth-moving service link, while gNB operating with GSO
satellite can provide Earth fixed service link.

In this release, the UE supporting NTN is GNSS-capable.

\[TS 38.306, clause 16.14.2.1\]

DL and UL are frame aligned at the uplink time synchronization reference
point (RP) with an offset given by N~TA,offset~ (see clause 4.2 of TS
38.213 \[38\]).

To accommodate the propagation delay in NTNs, several timing
relationships are enhanced by a Common Timing Advance (Common TA) and
two offsets $K_{\text{offset}}$ and $k_{\text{mac}}$:

\- $\text{Common\ TA}$ is a configured timing offset that is equal to
the RTT between the RP and the NTN payload.

\- $K_{\text{offset}}$ is a configured scheduling offset that needs to
be larger or equal to the sum of the service link RTT and the Common TA.

\- $k_{\text{mac}}\ $is a configured offset that is approximately equal
to the RTT between the RP and the gNB.

The scheduling offset $K_{\text{offset}}$ is used to allow the UE
sufficient processing time between a downlink reception and an uplink
transmission, see TS 38.213 \[38\].

The offset $k_{\text{mac}}$ is used to delay the application of a
downlink configuration indicated by a MAC CE command on PDSCH, see TS
38.213 \[38\], and in estimation of UE-gNB RTT, see TS 38.321 \[6\]. It
may be provided by the network when downlink and uplink frame timing are
not aligned at gNB. The $k_{\text{mac}}$ is also used in the random
access procedure, to determine the start time of RAR window/MsgB window
after a Msg1/MsgA transmission (see TS 38.213 \[38\]).

The Service link RTT, Feeder link RTT, RP, Common TA, $k_{\text{mac}}$
and T~TA~ (see clause 16.14.2.2) are illustrated in Figure 16.14.2.1-1.

Figure 16.14.2.1-1: Illustration of timing relationship (for collocated
gNB and NTN Gateway)

The network may configure the HARQ operation as follows:

\- For downlink, HARQ feedback can be enabled or disabled per HARQ
process (as specified in clause 5.3.2.2 and clause 5.7 of TS 38.321
\[6\]). Disabling HARQ feedback allows scheduling a HARQ process before
one HARQ RTT has elapsed since last scheduled.

\- For uplink, HARQ mode (i.e. HARQ mode A or HARQ mode B) can be
configured per HARQ process (as specified in clause 5.4.3.1 and clause
5.7 of TS 38.321 \[6\]). HARQ mode B allows scheduling a HARQ process
before one HARQ RTT has elapsed since last scheduled.

NOTE: For the HARQ processes configured with HARQ feedback
enabled/disabled, it is up to network implementation to ensure a proper
configuration of HARQ feedback (e.g., either all enabled or all
disabled) for HARQ processes used by an SPS configuration. For the HARQ
processes configured with HARQ mode, it is up to network implementation
to ensure a proper configuration of HARQ mode (e.g., either all HARQ
mode A or all HARQ mode B) for HARQ processes used by a CG
configuration.

\[TS 38.331, 5.2.2.1\]

Figure 5.2.2.1-1: System information acquisition

The UE applies the SI acquisition procedure to acquire the AS, NAS- and
positioning assistance data information. The procedure applies to UEs in
RRC\_IDLE, in RRC\_INACTIVE and in RRC\_CONNECTED.

The UE in RRC\_IDLE and RRC\_INACTIVE shall ensure having a valid
version of (at least) the *MIB*, *SIB1* through *SIB4,* *SIB5* (if the
UE supports E-UTRA), *SIB11* (if the UE is configured for idle/inactive
measurements), *SIB12* (if UE is capable of NR sidelink
communication/discovery and is configured by upper layers to receive or
transmit NR sidelink communication/discovery), and *SIB13*, *SIB14* (if
UE is capable of V2X sidelink communication and is configured by upper
layers to receive or transmit V2X sidelink communication), *SIB15* (if
UE is configured by upper layers to report disaster roaming related
information), *SIB16* (if the UE is capable of slice-based cell
reselection and the UE receives NSAG information for cell reselection
from upper layer), *SIB17* (if the UE is using TRS resources for power
saving in RRC\_IDLE and RRC\_INACTIVE) and *SIB19* (if UE is accessing
NR via NTN access).

\[TS 38.331, clause 5.2.2.3.1\]

The UE shall:

1\> apply the specified BCCH configuration defined in 9.1.1.1;

1\> if the UE is in RRC\_IDLE or in RRC\_INACTIVE; or

1\> if the UE is in RRC\_CONNECTED while T311 is running:

2\> acquire the *MIB,* which is scheduled as specified in TS 38.213
\[13\];

2\> if the UE is unable to acquire the *MIB*;

3\> perform the actions as specified in clause 5.2.2.5;

2\> else:

3\> perform the actions specified in clause 5.2.2.4.1.

...

1\> if the UE is in RRC\_IDLE or in RRC\_INACTIVE; or

...

2\> else if *SIB1* acquisition is required for the UE and
*ssb-SubcarrierOffset* indicates that *SIB1* is not scheduled in the
cell:

3\> perform the actions as specified in clause 5.2.2.5.

NOTE 1: The UE in RRC\_CONNECTED is only required to acquire broadcasted
*SIB1* and MBS broadcast if the UE can acquire it without disrupting
unicast or MBS multicast data reception, i.e., the broadcast and
unicast/MBS multicast beams are quasi co-located. The UE in
RRC\_INACTIVE state while SDT procedure is ongoing, is only required to
acquire broadcasted *SIB1* and *MIB* if the UE can acquire them without
disrupting unicast data reception, i.e. the broadcast and unicast beams
are quasi co-located.

NOTE 2: UE in RRC\_INACTIVE that does not support *inactiveStateNTN-r17*
enters RRC\_IDLE upon cell reselection between TN cell and NTN cell, and
initiates the NAS signalling connection recovery (see TS 24.501 \[23\]).

\[TS 38.331, clause 5.2.2.4.1\]

Upon receiving the *MIB* the UE shall:

1\> store the acquired *MIB*;

1\> if the UE is in RRC\_IDLE or in RRC\_INACTIVE, or if the UE is in
RRC\_CONNECTED while *T311* is running:

\...

2\> else:

3\> apply the received *systemFrameNumber*, *pdcch-ConfigSIB1*,
*subCarrierSpacingCommon*, *ssb-SubcarrierOffset* and
*dmrs-TypeA-Position*.

NOTE: A UE capable of NTN access should acquire SIB1 to determine
whether the cell is an NTN cell.

\[TS 38.331, clause 5.2.2.5\]

The UE shall:

1\> if in RRC\_IDLE or in RRC\_INACTIVE or in RRC\_CONNECTED while T311
is running:

2\> if the UE is unable to acquire the *MIB*:

3\> consider the cell as barred in accordance with TS 38.304 \[20\];

3\> perform barring as if *intraFreqReselection, or
intraFreqReselectionRedCap for RedCap UEs,* is set to *allowed*;

2\> else if the UE is unable to acquire the *SIB1*:

3\> consider the cell as barred in accordance with TS 38.304 \[20\];

*....*

NOTE: The *SIB19* is essential for NTN access. If UE is unable to
acquire the *SIB19* for NTN access, the action is up to UE
implementation (e.g., cell re-selection to other cells).

##### 6.7.1.1.3 Test description {#test-description-108 .H6}

##### 6.7.1.1.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-109 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-86 .H6}

NR Cell 1 as specified in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.2.1.

System information combination NR-28 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-99 .H6}

\- The UE\'s positioning engine (e.g., standalone GNSS receiver) shall
be disabled or no UE location is pre-configured.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-103 .H6}

\- The UE is in Switched OFF (State 0N-B) as defined in TS 38.508-1
\[4\] Table 4.4A.2-0.

##### 6.7.1.1.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-106 .H6}

Table 6.7.1.1.3.2-1: Main behaviour

  St                                                                                                                          Procedure                                                                                                               Message Sequence   TP                          Verdict   
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ --------------------------- --------- ----
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      U - S              Message                               
  1                                                                                                                           Power on the UE.                                                                                                        \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  2                                                                                                                           Check: Does the UE send an *RRCSetupRequest* on NR Cell 1 within 6 minutes?                                             \-                 \-                          1         F
  3                                                                                                                           Power off the UE.                                                                                                       \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  4                                                                                                                           Power on UE and pre-configure the UE location with UE\`s positioning engine enabled. (Note 1)                           \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  5                                                                                                                           Check: Does the UE send an *RRCSetupRequest* on NR Cell 1 within 6 minutes?                                             \--\>              *NR RRC: RRCSetupRequest*   2         P
  6-11                                                                                                                        Steps 3 to 8 of the registration procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.5.4.2-3 are performed on NR Cell 1.   \-                 \-                          \-        \-
  12                                                                                                                          The SS transmits an RRCRelease message to move to RRC\_IDLE state.                                                      \<\--              *NR RRC: RRCRelease*        \-        \-
  Note 1: This could be done by use of AT command and the detailed UE location is defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Clause 4.5C.                                                                                                                                                                                    

##### 6.7.1.1.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-101 .H6}

None

#### 6.7.1.2 NR NTN / Cell Selection / MultiTAC / trackingAreaList-r17

##### 6.7.1.2.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-111 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-205 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE and UE finds a suitable cell which
provides access by NR NTN RAT }

**ensure that** {

**when** { SIB1 broadcast more than one TAC per PLMN }

**then** { UE forwards the trackingAreaList to upper layers for mobility
management procedure and reselects the cell}

}

##### 6.7.1.2.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-111 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS38.306 clauses 5.2.2.4.1, and 5.2.2.4.2.

Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 38.331, clause 5.2.2.4.1\]

Upon receiving the *MIB* the UE shall:

1\> store the acquired *MIB*;

1\> if the UE is in RRC\_IDLE or in RRC\_INACTIVE, or if the UE is in
RRC\_CONNECTED while *T311* is running:

2\> if the access is not for NTN or the UE is not capable of NTN; and

2\> if the *cellBarred* in the acquired *MIB* is set to *barred*:

...

3\> consider the cell as barred in accordance with TS 38.304 \[20\];

3\> perform cell re-selection to other cells on the same frequency as
the barred cell as specified in TS 38.304 \[20\]*;*

2\> else:

3\> apply the received *systemFrameNumber*, *pdcch-ConfigSIB1*,
*subCarrierSpacingCommon*, *ssb-SubcarrierOffset* and
*dmrs-TypeA-Position*.

NOTE: A UE capable of NTN access should acquire SIB1 to determine
whether the cell is an NTN cell.

\[TS 38.331, clause 5.2.2.4.2\]

Upon receiving the SIB1 the UE shall:

1\> store the acquired *SIB1*;

1\> if the access is for NTN, and the *cellBarredNTN* in the acquired
*SIB1* is set to *barred* or the *cellBarredNTN* is not included in the
acquired *SIB1*:

2\> consider the cell as barred in accordance with TS 38.304 \[20\];

2\> perform cell re-selection to other cells on the same frequency as
the barred cell as specified in TS 38.304 \[20\]*;*

....

1\> if the *cellAccessRelatedInfo* contains an entry of a selected SNPN
or PLMN and in case of PLMN the UE is either allowed or instructed to
access the PLMN via a cell for which at least one CAG ID is broadcast:

2\> in the remainder of the procedures use *npn-IdentityList,
trackingAreaCode, and cellIdentity for the cell as received in the
corresponding entry of npn-IdentityInfoList containing the selected PLMN
or SNPN;*

1\> else if the *cellAccessRelatedInfo* contains an entry with the
*PLMN-Identity* of the selected PLMN:

2\> in the remainder of the procedures use *plmn-IdentityList*,
*trackingAreaCode*, *trackingAreaList,* and *cellIdentity* for the cell
as received in the corresponding *PLMN-IdentityInfo* containing the
selected PLMN;

...

1\> else:

...

...

3\> else:

...

4\> forward the *cellIdentity* to upper layers;

4\> forward the *trackingAreaCode* to upper layers;

4\> forward the *trackingAreaList* to upper layers, if included;

##### 6.7.1.2.3 Test description {#test-description-109 .H6}

##### 6.7.1.2.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-110 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-87 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 11 as specified in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table
4.4.2.1.

\- System information combination NR-28 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-100 .H6}

\- The pre-configured UE location is defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Clause
4.5C.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-104 .H6}

\- The UE is in test state 1N-A on NR Cell 1 according to TS 38.508-1
\[4\].

##### 6.7.1.2.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-107 .H6}

Table 6.7.1.2.3.2-1 for FR1 illustrates the downlink power levels and
other changing parameters to be applied for the cells at various time
instants of the test execution. Row marked \"T0\" denotes the initial
conditions for preamble, while columns marked \"T1\" to be applied
subsequently in the Main behaviour. The exact instants on which these
values shall be applied are described in the texts in this clause.

> Table 6.7.1.2.3.2-1: Cell configuration changes over time for FR1

+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
|    | Parameter | Unit    | NR Cell 1 | NR Cell   | Remarks   |
|    |           |         |           | 11        |           |
+====+===========+=========+===========+===========+===========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | -88       | \"Off\"   | Power     |
|    |           |         |           |           | level     |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           | "Off" is  |
|    |           |         |           |           | defined   |
|    |           |         |           |           | in TS     |
|    |           |         |           |           | 38.508-1  |
|    |           |         |           |           | Table     |
|    |           |         |           |           | 6.2.2.1-3 |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH   | dBm/SCS | \"Off\"   | -88       | Power     |
|    |           |         |           |           | level     |
|    | SSS EPRE  |         |           |           | "Off" is  |
|    |           |         |           |           | defined   |
|    |           |         |           |           | in TS     |
|    |           |         |           |           | 38.508-1  |
|    |           |         |           |           | Table     |
|    |           |         |           |           | 6.2.2.1-3 |
+----+-----------+---------+-----------+-----------+-----------+

Table 6.7.1.2.3.2-2: Main behaviour

+------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| St   | Procedure   | Message     | TP          | Verdict |    |
|      |             | Sequence    |             |         |    |
+======+=============+=============+=============+=========+====+
|      |             | U - S       | Message     |         |    |
+------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 1    | The SS      | \-          | *-*         | \-      | \- |
|      | adjusts     |             |             |         |    |
|      | cell levels |             |             |         |    |
|      | according   |             |             |         |    |
|      | to row T1   |             |             |         |    |
|      | of table    |             |             |         |    |
|      | 6.7         |             |             |         |    |
|      | .1.2.3.2-1. |             |             |         |    |
+------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 2    | Check: Does | -\>         | *NR RRC:    | 1       | F  |
|      | the UE send |             | RRCSe       |         |    |
|      | an          |             | tupRequest* |         |    |
|      |             |             |             |         |    |
|      | *RRCSe      |             |             |         |    |
|      | tupRequest* |             |             |         |    |
|      | on NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|      | 11 within   |             |             |         |    |
|      |             |             |             |         |    |
|      | 3 minutes?  |             |             |         |    |
+------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 3    | The SS      | \<\--       | *NR RRC:    | \-      | \- |
|      | transmits a |             | Paging*     |         |    |
|      | Paging      |             |             |         |    |
|      | message on  |             |             |         |    |
|      | NR Cell 11. |             |             |         |    |
+------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 4    | Check: Does |             | NR RRC:     | 1       | P  |
|      | the UE      |             | *RRCSe      |         |    |
|      | transmit an |             | tupRequest* |         |    |
|      |             |             |             |         |    |
|      | *RRCSe      |             |             |         |    |
|      | tupRequest* |             |             |         |    |
|      | message on  |             |             |         |    |
|      | NR Cell 11? |             |             |         |    |
+------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 5-10 | Steps 3 to  | \-          | *-*         | \-      | \- |
|      | 8 of the    |             |             |         |    |
|      | generic     |             |             |         |    |
|      | test        |             |             |         |    |
|      | procedure   |             |             |         |    |
|      | in TS       |             |             |         |    |
|      | 38.508-1    |             |             |         |    |
|      | \[4\]       |             |             |         |    |
|      | subclause   |             |             |         |    |
|      | 4.9.4.2.2-1 |             |             |         |    |
|      | are         |             |             |         |    |
|      | performed   |             |             |         |    |
|      | on NR Cell  |             |             |         |    |
|      | 11.         |             |             |         |    |
+------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+
| 11   | The SS      | \<\--       | *NR RRC:    | \-      | \- |
|      | transmits   |             | RRCRelease* |         |    |
|      | an          |             |             |         |    |
|      | RRCRelease  |             |             |         |    |
|      | message to  |             |             |         |    |
|      | move to     |             |             |         |    |
|      | RRC\_IDLE   |             |             |         |    |
|      | state.      |             |             |         |    |
+------+-------------+-------------+-------------+---------+----+

##### 6.7.1.2.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-102 .H6}

Table 6.7.1.2.3.3-1: *SIB1* for Ncell 1 (preamble and all steps)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                           
  ------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                          
  cellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                             
  plmn-IdentityList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF PLMN-Identity {   1 entry                  
  plmn-Identity\[1\]                                                                           
  trackingAreaList-r17SEQUENCE {                                                               
  trackingAreaCode\[1\]                                               1              Entry 1   
  trackingAreaCode\[2\]                                               2              Entry 2   
  }                                                                                            
  }                                                                                            
  }                                                                                            
  }                                                                                            
  }                                                                                            

Table 6.7.1.2.3.3-2: *SIB1* for Ncell 11 (preamble and all steps)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-28                                           
  ------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                          
  cellAccessRelatedInfo SEQUENCE {                                                             
  plmn-IdentityList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxPLMN)) OF PLMN-Identity {   1 entry                  
  plmn-Identity\[1\]                                                                           
  trackingAreaList-r17SEQUENCE {                                                               
  trackingAreaCode\[1\]                                               1              Entry 1   
  trackingAreaCode\[2\]                                               2              Entry 2   
  }                                                                                            
  }                                                                                            
  }                                                                                            
  }                                                                                            
  }                                                                                            

Table 6.7.1.2.3.3-3: *SIB19* for Ncell 11 (preamble and all steps)

  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.2-18C                                                                            
  Information Element                                   Value/remark                                                   Comment   Condition
  SIB19-r17 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                       
  NTN-Config-r17 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                  
  ephemerisInfo-r17                                     Refer to the Second cell in TS 38.508-1\[4\] Table 6.3.4.1-1             GSO
  ephemerisInfo-r17                                     Refer to the Second cell in TS 38.508-1\[4\] Table 6.3.4.2-1             NGSO
  }                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                              
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------- --------- -----------

  ----------- -----------------------------------
  Condition   Explanation
  GSO         Geosynchronous Orbit scenario
  NGSO        Non-geosynchronous Orbit scenario
  ----------- -----------------------------------

#### 6.7.1.3 NR NTN / Cell Selection / Serving cell becomes non-suitable (CellBarredNTN)

##### 6.7.1.3.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-112 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-206 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE finds a suitable cell that provides access by NR NTN RAT
and cellBarredNTN in SIB1 is not present }

**then** { the UE considers the cell as barred and no camping on this
cell can take place }

}

##### (2) {#section-207 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE finds a suitable cell that provides access by NR NTN RAT
and cellBarredNTN in SIB1 is "not barred" }

**then** { the UE considers the cell suitable and camps on it }

}

##### (3) {#section-208 .H6}

**with** { UE in NR RRC\_IDLE state }

**ensure that** {

**when** { UE finds a suitable cell that provides access by NR NTN RAT
and cellBarredNTN in SIB1 changes to "barred" }

**then** { the UE considers the cell as barred and no camping on this
cell can take place }

}

6.7.1.3.2 Conformance requirements

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.3.1\]

Cell status and cell reservations are indicated in the *MIB or SIB1*
message as specified in TS 38.331 \[3\] by means of following fields:

> \- ***cellBarred*** (IE type: \"barred\" or \"not barred\")\
> Indicated in *MIB* message. In case of multiple PLMNs or NPNs
> indicated in *SIB1*, this field is common for all PLMNs and NPNs. This
> field is ignored by UEs supporting NTN while *cellBarredNTN* is
> included in SIB1.

\- *cellBarredNTN* (IE type: \"barred\" or \"not barred\")\
Indicated in SIB1 message. In case of multiple PLMNs indicated in
*SIB1*, this field is common for all PLMNs. This field is ignored if the
UE does not support NTN connectivity.

...

NOTE 0: IAB-MT ignores the ***cellBarred*, *cellReservedForOperatorUse,
cellReservedForFutureUse,* and** *intraFreqReselection* **(i.e. treats
*intraFreqReselection* as if it was set to *allowed*) as defined in** TS
38.331 \[3\]. IAB-MT also **ignores *cellReservedForOtherUse* for cell
barring determination (i.e. NPN capable IAB-MT considers
*cellReservedForOtherUse* for determination of an NPN-only cell) as
defined in** TS 38.331 \[3\].

...

When cell status is indicated as \"not barred\" and \"not reserved\" for
operator use and not \"true\" for other use and not \"true\" for future
use,

\- UEs shall treat this cell as candidate during the cell selection and
cell reselection procedures.

...

When *cellBarredNTN* is not broadcast in this cell,

\- For NTN access, the UE shall treat this cell as if cell status is
\"barred\".

...

When cell status \"barred\" is indicated or to be treated as if the cell
status is \"barred\",

\- The UE is not permitted to select/reselect this cell, not even for
emergency calls.

\- The UE shall select another cell according to the following rule:

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to being unable to acquire the *MIB*:

\- the UE may exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for up to 300 seconds.

\- the UE may select another cell on the same frequency if the selection
criteria are fulfilled.

\- else:

...

\- *If the UE is not a RedCap UE, or if the UE is a RedCap UE and
intraFreqReselectionRedCap in SIB1 is available:*

\- If the field *intraFreqReselection* in *MIB* message is set to
\"allowed\":

\- the UE may select another cell on the same frequency if re-selection
criteria are fulfilled;

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to being unable to acquire the *SIB1*:

\- the UE may exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for up to 300 seconds;

\- else:

\- the UE shall exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for 300 seconds.

\- If the field *intraFreqReselection* in *MIB* message is set to \"not
allowed\":

\- If the cell is to be treated as if the cell status is \"barred\" due
to being unable to acquire the *SIB1*:

\- the UE may exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for up to 300 seconds;

\- If the cell operates in licensed spectrum:

\- the UE shall not re-select to another cell on the same frequency as
the barred cell and exclude such cell(s) as candidate(s) for cell
selection/reselection for 300 seconds;

\- else:

\- the UE may select to another cell on the same frequency if the
reselection criteria are fulfilled.

\- else:

\- If the cell operates in licensed spectrum, or if this cell belongs to
a PLMN which is indicated as being equivalent to the registered PLMN or
the selected PLMN of the UE, or if this cell belongs to the registered
SNPN or the selected SNPN of the UE:

\- the UE shall not re-select to another cell on the same frequency as
the barred cell and exclude such cell(s) as candidate(s) for cell
selection/reselection for 300 second**s**;

\- else:

\- the UE may select to another cell on the same frequency if the
reselection criteria are fulfilled.

\- the UE shall exclude the barred cell as a candidate for cell
selection/reselection for 300 seconds.

The cell selection of another cell may also include a change of RAT.

NOTE 2: If barring of a cell is triggered by the condition of
*trackingAreaCode* and *trackingAreaList* not being provided, as
specified in TS 38.331 \[3\], the barring only applies to this PLMN and
the UE can re-evaluate the barring condition again due to selection of
another PLMN*.*

##### 6.7.1.3.3 Test description {#test-description-110 .H6}

##### 6.7.1.3.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-111 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-88 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1 according to TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.2-3.

\- System information combination NR-28 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-101 .H6}

The UE is in Automatic PLMN selection mode.

\- The pre-configured UE location is defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Clause
4.5C.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-105 .H6}

\- The UE is in state Switched OFF (state 0N-B) according to TS 38.508-1
\[4\].

##### 6.7.1.3.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-108 .H6}

Table 6.1.7.3.3.2-1: Main behaviour

  St     Procedure                                                                                                                Message Sequence   TP                               Verdict   
  ------ ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------------ -------------------------------- --------- ----
                                                                                                                                  U - S              Message                                    
  1      Power on the UE                                                                                                          \-                 *-*                              \-        \-
  2      Check: Does the UE send an *RRCSetupRequest* on NR Cell 1 within the next 60 s?                                          \--\>              NR RRC: *RRCSetupRequest*        1         F
  3      Power Off the UE                                                                                                         \-                 *-*                              \-        \-
  4      SS change NR Cell 1 SIB1 to include cellBarredNTN and set to \"not barred\"                                              \-                 *-*                              \-        \-
  5      Power on the UE                                                                                                          \-                 *-*                              \-        \-
  6      Check: Does the UE send an *RRCSetupRequest* on NR Cell 1 within the next 60 s?                                          \--\>              NR RRC: *RRCSetupRequest*        2         P
  7-19   Steps 3 to 15 of the registration procedure described in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.5.2.2-2 are performed on NR Cell 1.   \-                 *-*                              \-        \-
  20     The SS transmits an RRCRelease message to move to RRC\_IDLE state.                                                       \<\--              *RRCRelease*                     \-        \-
  21     SS change NR Cell 1 SIB1 to include cellBarredNTN and set to \"barred\"                                                  \-                 *-*                              \-        \-
  22     The SS transmits a Short message on PDCCHusing P-RNTI indicating a systemInfoModification.                               \-                 PDCCH (DCI 1\_0): ShortMessage   \-        \-
  23     Wait for 2.1\* modification period to allow the new system information to take effect.                                   \-                 \-                               \-        \-
  24     The SS transmits a Paging message within a paging occasion                                                               \<\--              NR RRC: Paging                   \-        .
  25     Check: Does the UE send an *RRCSetupRequest* on NR Cell 1 within the next 60 s?                                          \--\>              NR RRC: *RRCSetupRequest*        3         F

##### 6.7.1.3.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-103 .H6}

Table 6.7.1.3.3.3-1: *SIB1* for NR cell 1 (Preamble)

  ------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.6.1-28                            
  Information Element                              Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                       
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                           
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                           
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                           
  cellBarredNTN-r17                                Not present              
  }                                                                         
  }                                                                         
  }                                                                         
  }                                                                         
  ------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.7.1.3.3.3-2: *SIB1* for NR Cell 1(Step 4 of Table 6.1.7.3.3.2-1)

  ------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.6.1-28                            
  Information Element                              Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                       
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                           
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                           
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                           
  cellBarredNTN-r17                                notBarred                NTN
  }                                                                         
  }                                                                         
  }                                                                         
  }                                                                         
  ------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.7.1.3.3.3-3: *SIB1* for NR Cell 1 (Step 22 of Table
6.1.7.3.3.2-1)

  ------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.6.1-28                            
  Information Element                              Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB1 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                       
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                           
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                           
  nonCriticalExtension SEQUENCE {                                           
  cellBarredNTN-r17                                Barred                   NTN
  }                                                                         
  }                                                                         
  }                                                                         
  }                                                                         
  ------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------

#### 6.7.1.4 NR NTN / PLMN selection / Periodic reselection / MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer

##### 6.7.1.4.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-113 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-209 .H6}

***with* {** UE configured with "MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer", camped on
an NR-NTN RAT VPLMN cell and cells of a higher priority NG-RAN PLMN
available **}**

***ensure that* {**

***when* { the higher priority PLMN search timer T stored in the USIM or
the default value for T is less than the "MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer"
}**

***then* { UE shall not use a value for T that is less than the
"MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer" and selects and camps on a cell of the
highest priority PLMN and attempts a location registration on the
selected cell upon expiry of "MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer" }**

**}**

##### 6.7.1.4.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-112 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the present TC are
specified in: TS 23.122 clauses 4.4.3.1 and 4.4.3.3.1.

Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.4.3.1\]

At switch on, following recovery from lack of coverage, or when the MS
stops operating in the SNPN access mode, the MS selects the registered
PLMN or equivalent PLMN (if it is available) using all access
technologies that the MS is capable of and if necessary (in the case of
recovery from lack of coverage, see clause 4.5.2) attempts to perform a
Location Registration.

NOTE 1: The MS in automatic network selection mode can end the PLMN
search procedure once the registered PLMN or equivalent PLMN is found on
an access technology.

NOTE 2: An MS in automatic network selection mode can use location
information to determine which PLMNs can be available in its present
location.

\...

If there is no registered PLMN, or if registration is not possible due
to the PLMN being unavailable or registration failure, the MS follows
one of the following two procedures depending on its PLMN selection
operating mode. At switch on, if the MS provides the optional feature of
user preferred PLMN selection operating mode at switch on then this
operating mode shall be used. Otherwise, the MS shall use the PLMN
selection mode that was used before switching off.

\...

The MS selects and attempts registration on other PLMN/access technology
combinations, if available and, for bullets i, ii, iii, iv, v,
allowable, in the following order:

i\) either the HPLMN (if the EHPLMN list is not present or is empty) or
the highest priority EHPLMN that is available (if the EHPLMN list is
present) ;

ii\) each PLMN/access technology combination in the \"User Controlled
PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file in the SIM (in priority
order);

iii\) each PLMN/access technology combination in the \"Operator
Controlled PLMN Selector with Access Technology\" data file in the SIM
(in priority order) or stored in the ME (in priority order);

iv\) other PLMN/access technology combinations with received high
quality signal in random order;

NOTE 1: High quality signal is defined in the appropriate AS
specification.

v\) other PLMN/access technology combinations in order of decreasing
signal quality.

vi\) PLMN/NG-RAN combinations for any forbidden PLMNs broadcasting the
PLMN ID of the MS determined PLMN with disaster condition or
broadcasting the disaster related indication and matching the below
conditions:

a\) if the indication of \'applicability of \"lists of PLMN(s) to be
used in disaster condition\" provided by a VPLMN\' is set to true:

\- each PLMN in the \"list of PLMN(s) to be used in disaster condition\"
stored in the ME which is associated with the PLMN ID of the MS
determined PLMN with disaster condition, if any, ordered based on this
list; otherwise

\- if the ME does not have a stored \"list of PLMN(s) to be used in
disaster condition\" associated with the PLMN ID of the MS determined
PLMN with disaster condition, each PLMN in the \"list of PLMN(s) to be
used in disaster condition\" stored in the ME which is associated with
the PLMN ID of the HPLMN, if any, ordered based on this list.

b\) if the indication of \'applicability of \"lists of PLMN(s) to be
used in disaster condition\" provided by a VPLMN\' is set to false:

\- each PLMN in the \"list of PLMN(s) to be used in disaster condition\"
stored in the ME which is associated with the HPLMN, if any, ordered
based on this list.

vii\) PLMN /NG-RAN combinations for other forbidden PLMNs broadcasting
the PLMN ID of the MS determined PLMN with disaster condition or
broadcasting the disaster related indication, in random order.

When following the above procedure the following requirements apply:

\...

t\) In i to vii, if the MS detects a PLMN in satellite NG-RAN access
technology which fulfils the conditions related to the list of \"PLMNs
not allowed to operate at the present UE location\" as defined in
clause 3.1, it shall not consider the PLMN as PLMN selection candidate
for satellite NG-RAN access technology.

\[TS 23.122, clause 4.4.3.3.1.1\]

If the MS is in a VPLMN and not registered for disaster roaming
services, the MS shall periodically attempt to obtain service on its
HPLMN (if the EHPLMN list is not present or is empty) or one of its
EHPLMNs (if the EHPLMN list is present) or a higher priority PLMN/access
technology combinations listed in \"user controlled PLMN selector\" or
\"operator controlled PLMN selector\" by scanning in accordance with the
requirements that are applicable to i), ii) and iii) as defined in the
Automatic Network Selection Mode in clause 4.4.3.1.1. For this purpose,
a value of timer T may be stored in the SIM. The interpretation of the
stored value depends on the radio capabilities supported by the MS:

\- For an MS that does not support any of the following: EC-GSM-IoT,
Category M1 or Category NB1 (as defined in 3GPP TS 36.306 \[54\]), if:

a\) the MS is in a VPLMN through satellite NG-RAN access or satellite
E-UTRAN access with a shared MCC, T is in the range 6 multiplied by
integer M minutes to 8 multiplied by integer M hours in 6 multiplied by
integer M minutes steps or T indicates that no periodic attempts shall
be made. If no value for M is stored in the SIM, a default value of M
equal to one is used; otherwise

b\) T is either in the range 6 minutes to 8 hours in 6 minutes steps or
it indicates that no periodic attempts shall be made. If no value for T
is stored in the SIM, a default value of 60 minutes is used for T.

\...

If the MS is configured with the MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer as specified
in 3GPP TS 24.368 \[50\] or 3GPP TS 31.102 \[40\], the MS shall not use
a value for T that is less than the MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer. If the
value stored in the SIM, or the default value for T (when no value is
stored in the SIM), is less than the MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer, then T
shall be set to the MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer.

The MS does not stop timer T, as described in 3GPP TS 24.008 \[23\] and
3GPP TS 24.301 \[23A\], when it activates power saving mode (PSM) (see
3GPP TS 23.682 \[27A\]) or mobile initiated connection only mode (MICO)
as described in 3GPP TS 24.501 \[64\].

The MS can be configured for Fast First Higher Priority PLMN search as
specified in 3GPP TS 31.102 \[40\] or 3GPP TS 24.368 \[50\]. Fast First
Higher Priority PLMN search is enabled if the corresponding
configuration parameter is present and set to enabled. Otherwise, Fast
First Higher Priority PLMN search is disabled.

The attempts to access the HPLMN or an EHPLMN or higher priority PLMN
shall be as specified below:

a\) The periodic attempts shall only be performed in automatic mode when
the MS is roaming, and not while the MS is attached for emergency bearer
services, is registered for emergency services, has a PDU session for
emergency services or has a PDN connection for emergency bearer
services;

b\) The MS shall make the first attempt after a period of at least 2
minutes and at most T minutes:

\- only after switch on if Fast First Higher Priority PLMN search is
disabled; or

\- after switch on or upon selecting a VPLMN if Fast First Higher
Priority PLMN search is enabled.

c\) The MS shall make the following attempts if the MS is on the VPLMN
at time T after the last attempt

##### 6.7.1.4.3 Test description {#test-description-111 .H6}

##### 6.7.1.4.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-112 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-89 .H6}

\- NR Cell 11, 12 and 13 as specified in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table
4.4.2-3.

\- System information combination NR-29 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
clause 4.4.3.1.2 is used in NR cells.

\- The PLMNs are identified in the test by the identifiers in Table
6.7.1.4.3.1-1.

Table 6.7.1.4.3.1-1: PLMN identifiers

  NR Cell      PLMN names
  ------------ ------------
               
  NR Cell 11   PLMN1
  NR Cell 12   PLMN15
  NR Cell 13   PLMN16

##### UE: {#ue-102 .H6}

\- The pre-configured UE location is defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Clause
4.5C.

\- The UE is equipped with a USIM containing default values (as per TS
38.508-1\[4\]) except for those listed in Table 6.7.1.4.3.1--2.

Table 6.7.1.4.3.1-2: USIM configuration

  --------------- ---------- -------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------
  USIM field      Priority   Value                                              Access Technology Identifier
  EF~IMSI~                   The HPLMN (MCC+MNC) of the IMSI is set to PLMN1.   
  EF~PLMNwAcT~    1          Default                                            Default
                  2          PLMN16                                             All specified
  EF~OPLMNwACT~   1          PLMN15                                             All specified
                             Remaining defined entries use default values       
  EF~HPLMNwAcT~   1          PLMN1                                              NR-NTN
  EF~HPPLMN~                 1 (6 minutes)                                      
  EF~NASCONFIG~              MinimumPeriodicSearchTimer set to 12 minutes       
  --------------- ---------- -------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------

##### Preamble: {#preamble-106 .H6}

\- The UE performs a successful registration on PLMN15 after which it is
switched OFF (State 0N-B) as per TS 38.508-1 \[4\] table 4.4A.2-0.

##### 6.7.1.4.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-109 .H6}

Table 6.7.1.4.3.2-1 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the cells at various time instants
of the test execution. Row marked \"T0\" to be applied during preamble
condition, while columns marked \"T1\" and "T2" to be applied
subsequently in the Main behaviour. The exact instants on which these
values shall be applied are described in the texts in this clause.

> Table 6.7.1.4.3.2-1: Cell configuration changes over time for FR1

+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|    | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remarks |
|    | rameter |         | 11      | 12      |         |         |
|    |         |         |         |         | 13      |         |
+====+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | \"Off\" | -88     | \"Off\" | Power   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | "Off"   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 6.      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.1-3 |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | \"Off\" | -88     | -88     | Power   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | level   |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         | "Off"   |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | is      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | defined |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | in TS   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 3       |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 8.508-1 |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | \[4\]   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | Table   |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 6.      |
|    |         |         |         |         |         | 2.2.1-3 |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2 | SS/PBCH | dBm/SCS | -88     | -88     | -88     |         |
|    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | SSS     |         |         |         |         |         |
|    | EPRE    |         |         |         |         |         |
+----+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.7.1.4.3.2-2: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| St        | Procedure | Message   | TP        | Verdict |    |
|           |           | Sequence  |           |         |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+=========+====+
|           |           | U - S     | Message   |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1         | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |         |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to row T1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 7.1       |           |           |         |    |
|           | .4.3.2-1. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 2         | Power on  | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | the UE.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 3-22a1    | Steps 1   | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | to 20a1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | described |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.5.2.2-2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 12.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 23        | Check:    | \--\>     | *NR RRC:  | 1       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | RRCSetu   |         |    |
|           | UE send   |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 13   |           |           |         |    |
|           | after 2   |           |           |         |    |
|           | minutes,  |           |           |         |    |
|           | but       |           |           |         |    |
|           | before 17 |           |           |         |    |
|           | minutes   |           |           |         |    |
|           | ("*Mi     |           |           |         |    |
|           | nimumPeri |           |           |         |    |
|           | odicSearc |           |           |         |    |
|           | hTimer")* |           |           |         |    |
|           | from      |           |           |         |    |
|           | power on? |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1   |           |           |         |    |
|           | and Note  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 2)        |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 24-25 C   | Steps     | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | 2-6a1 of  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 13.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 26a       | Void      | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
| 1-26a16a1 |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 27        | SS        | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | adjusts   |           |           |         |    |
|           | cell      |           |           |         |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to row T2 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of table  |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 7.1       |           |           |         |    |
|           | .4.3.2-1. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 28        | Check:    | \--\>     | *NR RRC:  | 1       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | RRCSetu   |         |    |
|           | UE send   |           | pRequest* |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCSetu  |           |           |         |    |
|           | pRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11   |           |           |         |    |
|           | after 12  |           |           |         |    |
|           | minutes   |           |           |         |    |
|           | ("*Mi     |           |           |         |    |
|           | nimumPeri |           |           |         |    |
|           | odicSearc |           |           |         |    |
|           | hTimer")* |           |           |         |    |
|           | from step |           |           |         |    |
|           | 27? (Note |           |           |         |    |
|           | 1)        |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 29-30 C   | Steps     | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
|           | 2-6a1 of  |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | of the    |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\] are |           |           |         |    |
|           | performed |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 31a       | Void      | \-        | *-*       | \-      | \- |
| 1-31a16a1 |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Timers in |           |           |           |         |    |
| Steps 23  |           |           |           |         |    |
| and 28    |           |           |           |         |    |
| are       |           |           |           |         |    |
| derived   |           |           |           |         |    |
| from the  |           |           |           |         |    |
| value     |           |           |           |         |    |
| defined   |           |           |           |         |    |
| by the    |           |           |           |         |    |
| "*Mi      |           |           |           |         |    |
| nimumPeri |           |           |           |         |    |
| odicSearc |           |           |           |         |    |
| hTimer".* |           |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
| Note 2:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Tolerance |           |           |           |         |    |
| of 5min   |           |           |           |         |    |
| is added  |           |           |           |         |    |
| to allow  |           |           |           |         |    |
| time for  |           |           |           |         |    |
| the UE to |           |           |           |         |    |
| find the  |           |           |           |         |    |
| proper    |           |           |           |         |    |
| PLMN.     |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+

##### 6.7.1.4.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-104 .H6}

Table 6.7.1.4.3.3-1: ***SIB19 for* on NR Cell 11** (Preamble and all
steps)

  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-18C                                                                            
  Information Element                                   Value/remark                                                   Comment   Condition
  SIB19-r17 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                       
  ntn-Config-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                      
  ephemerisInfo-r17                                     Refer to the Second cell in TS 38.508-1\[4\] Table 6.3.4.1-1             GSO
  ephemerisInfo-r17                                     Refer to the Second cell in TS 38.508-1\[4\] Table 6.3.4.2-1             NGSO
  }                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                              
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.7.1.4.3.3-2: ***SIB19 for* on NR Cell 12** (Preamble and all
steps)

  ----------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-18C                                                                           
  Information Element                                   Value/remark                                                  Comment   Condition
  SIB19-r17 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                      
  ntn-Config-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                     
  ephemerisInfo-r17                                     Refer to the First cell in TS 38.508-1\[4\] Table 6.3.4.1-1             GSO
  ephemerisInfo-r17                                     Refer to the First cell in TS 38.508-1\[4\] Table 6.3.4.2-1             NGSO
  }                                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                                             
  ----------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------- --------- -----------

Table 6.7.1.4.3.3-3: ***SIB19 for* on NR Cell 13** (Preamble and all
steps)

  ----------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-18C                                                                           
  Information Element                                   Value/remark                                                  Comment   Condition
  SIB19-r17 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                      
  ntn-Config-r17 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                     
  ephemerisInfo-r17                                     Refer to the Third cell in TS 38.508-1\[4\] Table 6.3.4.1-1             GSO
  ephemerisInfo-r17                                     Refer to the Third cell in TS 38.508-1\[4\] Table 6.3.4.2-1             NGSO
  }                                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                                             
  ----------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------- --------- -----------

  ----------- -----------------------------------
  Condition   Explanation
  GSO         Geosynchronous Orbit scenario
  NGSO        Non-geosynchronous Orbit scenario
  ----------- -----------------------------------

#### 6.7.1.5 NR NTN / Cell reselection, Sintrasearch, Snonintrasearch / location based measurements

##### 6.7.1.5.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-114 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-210 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting location-based measurements in NR RRC\_IDLE
state on a cell which provides access by NR NTN }

**ensure that** {

  **when** { Sintrasearch is non-zero in system information and distance
between UE and the serving cell *referenceLocation* is larger than
*distanceThresh* }

      **then** { UE performs intra-frequency measurements and reselects
the highest ranked cell up on Srxlev \> S~IntraSearchP~ }

            }

##### (2) {#section-211 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting location-based measurements in NR RRC\_IDLE
state on a cell which provides access by NR NTN }

**ensure that** {

**when** { Snonintrasearch is non-zero in system information and
distance between UE and the serving cell reference location
*referenceLocation* is larger than *distanceThresh* }

**then** { UE performs inter-frequency measurements and reselects the
cell which belong to the lower priority frequency upon Srxlev \>
Snonintrasearch }

}

##### 6.7.1.5.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-113 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 38.304, clauses 5.2.4.2 and 5.2.4.7.0. Unless otherwise
stated these are Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.2\]

Following rules are used by the UE to limit needed measurements:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~IntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~IntraSearchQ~:

\- If *distanceThresh* and *referenceLocation* are broadcasted in SIB19,
and if UE supports location-based measurement initiation and has
obtained its location information:

\- If the distance between UE and the serving cell reference location
*referenceLocation* is shorter than *distanceThresh*, the UE may not
perform intra-frequency measurements;

\- Else, the UE shall perform intra-frequency measurements;

\- Else, the UE may not perform intra-frequency measurements;

\- Else, the UE shall perform intra-frequency measurements.

\- The UE shall apply the following rules for NR inter-frequencies and
inter-RAT frequencies which are indicated in system information and for
which the UE has priority provided as defined in 5.2.4.1:

\- For a NR inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequency with a reselection
priority higher than the reselection priority of the current NR
frequency, the UE shall perform measurements of higher priority NR
inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequencies according to TS 38.133 \[8\].

\- For a NR inter-frequency with an equal or lower reselection priority
than the reselection priority of the current NR frequency and for
inter-RAT frequency with lower reselection priority than the reselection
priority of the current NR frequency:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~nonIntraSearchQ~:

\- If *distanceThresh* and *referenceLocation* are broadcasted in SIB19,
and if UE supports location-based measurement initiation and has
obtained its UE location information:

\- If the distance between UE and the serving cell reference location
*referenceLocation* is shorter than *distanceThresh*, the UE may choose
not to perform measurements of NR inter-frequency cells of equal or
lower priority, or inter-RAT frequency cells of lower priority;

\- Else, the UE shall perform measurements of NR inter-frequency cells
of equal or lower priority, or inter-RAT frequency cells of lower
priority according to TS 38.133 \[8\];

\- Else, the UE may choose not to perform measurements of NR
inter-frequency cells of equal or lower priority, or inter-RAT frequency
cells of lower priority;

\- Else, the UE shall perform measurements of NR inter-frequency cells
of equal or lower priority, or inter-RAT frequency cells of lower
priority according to TS 38.133 \[8\].

\- If the UE supports relaxed measurement and *relaxedMeasurement* is
present in *SIB2*, the UE may further relax the needed measurements, as
specified in clause 5.2.4.9.

...

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.7.0\]

Cell reselection parameters are broadcast in system information and are
read from the serving cell as follows:

**...**

**cellReselectionPriority**

This specifies the absolute priority for NR frequency or E-UTRAN
frequency.

**...**

**distanceThresh**

This indicates the distance threshold from the serving cell reference
location to be used in location-based measurement initiation.

...

**Q~qualmin~**

This specifies the minimum required quality level in the cell in dB.

**Q~rxlevmin~**

This specifies the minimum required Rx level in the cell in dBm.

**Q~rxlevminoffsetcell~**

This specifies the cell specific Rx level offset in dB to Qrxlevmin.

**Q~qualminoffsetcell~**

This specifies the cell specific quality level offset in dB to Qqualmin.

...

**referenceLocation**

This indicates the reference location of the serving cell to be used in
location-based measurement initiation.

**S~IntraSearchP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) for intra-frequency
measurements.

**S~IntraSearchQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) for intra-frequency
measurements.

**S~nonIntraSearchP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) for NR inter-frequency and
inter-RAT measurements.

**S~nonIntraSearchQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) for NR inter-frequency and
inter-RAT measurements.

...

**Treselection~RAT~**

This specifies the cell reselection timer value. For each target NR
frequency and for each RAT other than NR, a specific value for the cell
reselection timer is defined, which is applicable when evaluating
reselection within NR or towards other RAT (i.e. Treselection~RAT~ for
NR is Treselection~NR~, for E-UTRAN Treselection~EUTRA~).

NOTE: Treselection~RAT~ is not broadcast in system information but used
in reselection rules by the UE for each RAT.

**Treselection~NR~**

This specifies the cell reselection timer value Treselection~RAT~ for
NR. The parameter can be set per NR frequency as specified in TS 38.331
\[3\].

**Treselection~EUTRA~**

This specifies the cell reselection timer value Treselection~RAT~ for
E-UTRAN.

**Thresh~X,\ HighP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) used by the UE when
reselecting towards a higher priority RAT/ frequency than the current
serving frequency. Each frequency of NR and E-UTRAN might have a
specific threshold.

**Thresh~X,\ HighQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) used by the UE when
reselecting towards a higher priority RAT/ frequency than the current
serving frequency. Each frequency of NR and E-UTRAN might have a
specific threshold.

**Thresh~X,\ LowP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) used by the UE when
reselecting towards a lower priority RAT/ frequency than the current
serving frequency. Each frequency of NR and E-UTRAN might have a
specific threshold.

**Thresh~X,\ LowQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) used by the UE when
reselecting towards a lower priority RAT/ frequency than the current
serving frequency. Each frequency of NR and E-UTRAN might have a
specific threshold.

**Thresh~Serving,\ LowP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) used by the UE on the
serving cell when reselecting towards a lower priority RAT/ frequency.

**Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) used by the UE on the serving
cell when reselecting towards a lower priority RAT/ frequency.

...

##### 6.7.1.5.3 Test description {#test-description-112 .H6}

##### 6.7.1.5.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-113 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-90 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 3 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
Table 4.4.2-2 is used.

\- NR Cell 1 uses System information combination NR-29 as defined in TS
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.3.1.2-1.

\- NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 3 use System information combination NR-32 as
defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.3.1.2-1.

##### UE: {#ue-103 .H6}

\- The pre-configured UE location is defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Clause
4.5C.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-107 .H6}

\- The UE is in state 1N-A on NR Cell 1(serving cell) according to TS
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-1.

##### 6.7.1.5.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-110 .H6}

Table 6.7.1.5.3.2-1 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the NR cells at various time
instants of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values
shall be applied are described in the texts in this clause. The
configuration T0 indicates the initial conditions for preamble.
Configurations marked \"T1\" and\"T2\" are applied at the points
indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table 6.7.1.5.3.2-2.

Table 6.7.1.5.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|         | rameter |         | 1       | 2       | 3       |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| **T0**  | SS/PBCH | **dB    | **-88** | **\"    | **\"    | The     |
|         |         | m/SCS** |         | Off\"** | Off\"** | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ensure  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | the UE  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | reg     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | istered |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | on NR   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | and     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Srxlev  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | of NR   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | is      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | greater |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | than    |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Sintra  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | search. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | S~Intra | **dB**  | **10**  | **-**   | **-**   |         |
|         | Search~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Srxlev  | **dB**  | **22**  | **-**   | **-**   |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T1**  | SS/PBCH | **dB    | **-94** | **-88** | **\"    | NR Cell |
|         |         | m/SCS** |         |         | Off\"** | 2       |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | becomes |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | the     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | cell.   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | S~Intra | **dB**  | **10**  | **10**  | **-**   |         |
|         | Search~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Srxlev  | **dB**  | **16**  | **22**  | **-**   |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T2**  | SS/PBCH | **dB    | **\"    | **-94** | **-88** | NR Cell |
|         |         | m/SCS** | Off\"** |         |         | 3       |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | becomes |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | the     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | cell.   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | S~n     | **dB**  | **-**   | **10**  | **10**  |         |
|         | onIntra |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | Search~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Srxlev  | **dB**  | **-**   | **16**  | **22**  |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Note:   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| level   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| "Off"   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| defined |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 3       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 8.508-1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[4\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 6.2     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .2.1-3. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.7.1.5.3.2-2: Main behaviour

  St   Procedure                                                                                                                                   Message Sequence   TP        Verdict   
  ---- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ --------- --------- ----
                                                                                                                                                   U - S              Message             
  1    The SS re-adjusts the SS/PBCH EPRE levels according to row \"T1\" in table 6.7.1.5.3.2-1.                                                   \-                 \-        \-        \-
  2    Wait for 34 seconds to allow UE to recognise the change.                                                                                    \-                 \-        \-        \-
  3    Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.4.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 2?   \-                 \-        1         \-
  4    The SS re-adjusts the SS/PBCH EPRE levels according to row \"T2\" in table 6.7.1.5.3.2-1.                                                   \-                 \-        \-        \-
  5    Wait for 34 seconds to allow UE to recognise the change.                                                                                    \-                 \-        \-        \-
  6    Check: Does the test result of generic test procedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.4.2.2-1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 3?   \-                 \-        2         \-

##### 6.7.1.5.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-105 .H6}

Table 6.7.1.5.3.3-1: Conditions for specific message contents in Tables
below

  Condition   Explanation
  ----------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
  NR Cell 1   This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 1.
  NR Cell 2   This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 2.
  NR Cell 3   This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 3.

Table 6.7.1.5.3.3-2: SIB2 of NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 3
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.7.1.5.3.2-2)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -------------------------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB2 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {                                    
  s-NonIntraSearch                                    5              10 dB     
  cellReselectionPriority                             5                        NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 2
                                                      1                        NR Cell 3
  }                                                                            
  intraFreqCellReselectionInfo SEQUENCE {                                      
  s-IntraSearchP                                      5              10 dB     
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            

Table 6.7.1.5.3.3-3: SIB4 of NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 3 (preamble and all
steps, Table 6.7.1.5.3.2-2)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                           
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                   Value/remark                                Comment   Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                         
  interFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo {   1 entry                                               
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                          entry 1   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 3             NR Cell 2
                                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 1             NR Cell 3
  cellReselectionPriority                                                               5                                                     NR Cell 3
                                                                                        1                                                     NR Cell 2
  }                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                           

Table 6.7.1.5.3.3-4: SIB19 of NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 3
*(*preamble and all steps, Table 6.7.1.5.3.2-2*)*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-18C                                 
  ----------------------------------------------------- ------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark        Comment   Condition
  SIB19-r17 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                            
  referenceLocation-r17                                 \'2273BA566355\'H             
  distanceThresh-r17                                    500                           
  }                                                                                   

#### 6.7.1.6 NR NTN / Cell reselection, Sintrasearch, Snonintrasearch / time based measurements

##### 6.7.1.6.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-115 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-212 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting time-based measurements in NR RRC\_IDLE state
on a cell which provides access by NR NTN }

**ensure that** {

**when** { *t-Service* of the serving cell is present in SIB19 and
Sintrasearch is non-zero in system information }

**then** { UE performs intra-frequency measurements and reselects the
highest ranked cell up on Srxlev \> S~IntraSearchP~ }

}

##### (2) {#section-213 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting time-based measurements in NR RRC\_IDLE state
on a cell which provides access by NR NTN }

**ensure that** {

**when** { *t-Service* of the serving cell is present in SIB19 and
Snonintrasearch is non-zero in system information }

**then** { UE performs inter-frequency measurements and reselects the
cell which belong to the lower priority frequency upon Srxlev \>
Snonintrasearch }

}

##### 6.7.1.6.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-114 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 38.304, clauses 5.2.4.2 and 5.2.4.7.0. Unless otherwise
stated these are Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.2\]

Following rules are used by the UE to limit needed measurements:

...

If the *t-Service* of the serving cell is present in *SIB19*, and if UE
supports time-based measurement initiation, the UE shall perform
intra-frequency, inter-frequency or inter-RAT measurements before the
*t-Service*, regardless of the distance between UE and the serving cell
reference location or whether the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \>
S~IntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~IntraSearchQ~, or Srxlev \>
S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~, The exact time to
start measurement before *t-Service* is up to UE implementation. UE
shall perform measurements of higher priority NR inter-frequency or
inter-RAT frequencies according to TS 38.133 \[8\] regardless of the
remaining service time of the serving cell (i.e. time remaining until
*t-Service*).

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.7.0\]

Cell reselection parameters are broadcast in system information and are
read from the serving cell as follows:

**...**

**cellReselectionPriority**

This specifies the absolute priority for NR frequency or E-UTRAN
frequency.

**...**

**Q~qualmin~**

This specifies the minimum required quality level in the cell in dB.

**Q~rxlevmin~**

This specifies the minimum required Rx level in the cell in dBm.

**Q~rxlevminoffsetcell~**

This specifies the cell specific Rx level offset in dB to Qrxlevmin.

**Q~qualminoffsetcell~**

This specifies the cell specific quality level offset in dB to Qqualmin.

...

**S~IntraSearchP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) for intra-frequency
measurements.

**S~IntraSearchQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) for intra-frequency
measurements.

**S~nonIntraSearchP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) for NR inter-frequency and
inter-RAT measurements.

**S~nonIntraSearchQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) for NR inter-frequency and
inter-RAT measurements.

...

**Treselection~RAT~**

This specifies the cell reselection timer value. For each target NR
frequency and for each RAT other than NR, a specific value for the cell
reselection timer is defined, which is applicable when evaluating
reselection within NR or towards other RAT (i.e. Treselection~RAT~ for
NR is Treselection~NR~, for E-UTRAN Treselection~EUTRA~).

NOTE: Treselection~RAT~ is not broadcast in system information but used
in reselection rules by the UE for each RAT.

**Treselection~NR~**

This specifies the cell reselection timer value Treselection~RAT~ for
NR. The parameter can be set per NR frequency as specified in TS 38.331
\[3\].

**Treselection~EUTRA~**

This specifies the cell reselection timer value Treselection~RAT~ for
E-UTRAN.

**Thresh~X,\ HighP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) used by the UE when
reselecting towards a higher priority RAT/ frequency than the current
serving frequency. Each frequency of NR and E-UTRAN might have a
specific threshold.

**Thresh~X,\ HighQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) used by the UE when
reselecting towards a higher priority RAT/ frequency than the current
serving frequency. Each frequency of NR and E-UTRAN might have a
specific threshold.

**Thresh~X,\ LowP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) used by the UE when
reselecting towards a lower priority RAT/ frequency than the current
serving frequency. Each frequency of NR and E-UTRAN might have a
specific threshold.

**Thresh~X,\ LowQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) used by the UE when
reselecting towards a lower priority RAT/ frequency than the current
serving frequency. Each frequency of NR and E-UTRAN might have a
specific threshold.

**Thresh~Serving,\ LowP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) used by the UE on the
serving cell when reselecting towards a lower priority RAT/ frequency.

**Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) used by the UE on the serving
cell when reselecting towards a lower priority RAT/ frequency.

...

##### 6.7.1.6.3 Test description {#test-description-113 .H6}

##### 6.7.1.6.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-114 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-91 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 11 and NR Cell 12 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
Table 4.4.2-2 is used.

\- NR Cell 1 uses System information combination NR-29 as defined in TS
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.3.1.2-1 is used in NR cells.

\- NR Cell 11 and NR Cell 12 uses System information combination NR-32
as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.3.1.2-1 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-104 .H6}

\- The pre-configured UE location is defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Clause
4.5C.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-108 .H6}

\- The UE is in state 3N-A on NR Cell 1 (serving cell) according to TS
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-3.

##### 6.7.1.6.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-111 .H6}

Table 6.7.1.6.3.2-1 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the NR cells at various time
instants of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values
shall be applied are described in the texts in this clause.
Configurations marked \"T1\" and \"T2\" are applied at the points
indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table 6.7.1.6.3.2-2.

Table 6.7.1.6.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|         | rameter |         | 1       | 11      | 12      |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| **T0**  | SS/PBCH | **dB    | **-88** | **\"    | **\"    | The     |
|         |         | m/SCS** |         | Off\"** | Off\"** | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ensure  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | the UE  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | reg     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | istered |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | on NR   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | and     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Srxlev  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | of NR   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | is      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | greater |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | than    |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Sintra  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | search. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | S~Intra | **dB**  | **10**  | **-**   | **-**   |         |
|         | Search~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Srxlev  | **dB**  | **22**  | **-**   | **-**   |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T1**  | SS/PBCH | **dB    | **-94** | **-88** | **\"    | NR Cell |
|         |         | m/SCS** |         |         | Off\"** | 11      |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | becomes |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | the     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | cell.   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | S~Intra | **dB**  | **10**  | **10**  | **-**   |         |
|         | Search~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Srxlev  | **dB**  | **16**  | **22**  | **-**   |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T2**  | SS/PBCH | **dB    | **\"    | **-94** | **-88** | NR Cell |
|         |         | m/SCS** | Off\"** |         |         | 12      |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | becomes |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | the     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | cell.   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | S~n     | **dB**  | **-**   | **10**  | **10**  |         |
|         | onIntra |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | Search~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Srxlev  | **dB**  | **-**   | **16**  | **22**  |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Note:   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| level   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| "Off"   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| defined |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 3       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 8.508-1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[4\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 6.2     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .2.1-3. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.7.1.6.3.2-2: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| St        | Procedure | Message   | TP        | Verdict |    |
|           |           | Sequence  |           |         |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+=========+====+
|           |           | U - S     | Message   |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1         | The SS    | \<\--     | CONF      | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | IGURATION |         |    |
|           | a         |           | UPDATE    |         |    |
|           | CONF      |           | COMMAND   |         |    |
|           | IGURATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | UPDATE    |           |           |         |    |
|           | COMMAND   |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | including |           |           |         |    |
|           | Local     |           |           |         |    |
|           | time      |           |           |         |    |
|           | zone,     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Universal |           |           |         |    |
|           | time and  |           |           |         |    |
|           | local     |           |           |         |    |
|           | time      |           |           |         |    |
|           | zone,     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Network   |           |           |         |    |
|           | daylight  |           |           |         |    |
|           | saving    |           |           |         |    |
|           | time      |           |           |         |    |
|           | inf       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ormation. |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 2         | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *RR       |         |    |
|           | an        |           | CRelease* |         |    |
|           | *RR       |           |           |         |    |
|           | CRelease* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 3         | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | r         |           |           |         |    |
|           | e-adjusts |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | SS/PBCH   |           |           |         |    |
|           | EPRE      |           |           |         |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to row    |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"T1\" in |           |           |         |    |
|           | table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.7.1     |           |           |         |    |
|           | .6.3.2-1. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 4         | Check:    | \-        | \-        | 1       | \- |
|           | Does the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | result of |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | indicate  |           |           |         |    |
|           | that the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE is     |           |           |         |    |
|           | camped on |           |           |         |    |
|           | NR Cell   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 11 within |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6mins     |           |           |         |    |
|           | after     |           |           |         |    |
|           | step 1?   |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | NOTE: The |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE        |           |           |         |    |
|           | performs  |           |           |         |    |
|           | a \"      |           |           |         |    |
|           | REG       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | REQUEST   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | with type |           |           |         |    |
|           | \         |           |           |         |    |
|           | "mobility |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | updating" |           |           |         |    |
|           | with      |           |           |         |    |
|           | PLMN1 and |           |           |         |    |
|           | PLMN2     |           |           |         |    |
|           | listed as |           |           |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | E         |           |           |         |    |
|           | quivalent |           |           |         |    |
|           | PLMN in   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | REG       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | ACCEPT    |           |           |         |    |
|           | message;  |           |           |         |    |
|           | the RRC   |           |           |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |         |    |
|           | is        |           |           |         |    |
|           | released. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 5         | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | r         |           |           |         |    |
|           | e-adjusts |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | SS/PBCH   |           |           |         |    |
|           | EPRE      |           |           |         |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to row    |           |           |         |    |
|           | "T2" in   |           |           |         |    |
|           | table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.7.1     |           |           |         |    |
|           | .6.3.2-1. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 6         | Check:    | \-        | \-        | 2       | \- |
|           | Does the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | result of |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | indicate  |           |           |         |    |
|           | that the  |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE is     |           |           |         |    |
|           | camped on |           |           |         |    |
|           | NR Cell   |           |           |         |    |
|           | 12 within |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9mins     |           |           |         |    |
|           | after     |           |           |         |    |
|           | step 1?   |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | NOTE: The |           |           |         |    |
|           | UE        |           |           |         |    |
|           | performs  |           |           |         |    |
|           | a \"      |           |           |         |    |
|           | REG       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | REQUEST   |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | with type |           |           |         |    |
|           | \         |           |           |         |    |
|           | "mobility |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | updating" |           |           |         |    |
|           | with      |           |           |         |    |
|           | PLMN1 and |           |           |         |    |
|           | PLMN2     |           |           |         |    |
|           | listed as |           |           |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | E         |           |           |         |    |
|           | quivalent |           |           |         |    |
|           | PLMN in   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | REG       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | ACCEPT    |           |           |         |    |
|           | message;  |           |           |         |    |
|           | the RRC   |           |           |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | onnection |           |           |         |    |
|           | is        |           |           |         |    |
|           | released. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| SS        |           |           |           |         |    |
| derives   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Local     |           |           |           |         |    |
| time      |           |           |           |         |    |
| zone,     |           |           |           |         |    |
| Universal |           |           |           |         |    |
| time and  |           |           |           |         |    |
| local     |           |           |           |         |    |
| time      |           |           |           |         |    |
| zone,     |           |           |           |         |    |
| Network   |           |           |           |         |    |
| daylight  |           |           |           |         |    |
| saving    |           |           |           |         |    |
| time      |           |           |           |         |    |
| based on  |           |           |           |         |    |
| the time  |           |           |           |         |    |
| of test   |           |           |           |         |    |
| e         |           |           |           |         |    |
| xecution. |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+

##### 6.7.1.6.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-106 .H6}

Table 6.7.1.6.3.3-1: Conditions for specific message contents in Tables
below

  Condition    Explanation
  ------------ -------------------------------------------------------------------------
  NR Cell 1    This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 1.
  NR Cell 11   This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 11.
  NR Cell 12   This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 12.

Table 6.7.1.6.3.3-2: SIB2 of NR Cell 1, NR Cell 11 and NR Cell 12
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.7.1.6.3.2-2)

  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- --------------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                            
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB2 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {                                    
  s-NonIntraSearch                                    5              10 dB     
  threshServingLowP                                   10             20 dB     NR Cell 11
  cellReselectionPriority                             5                        NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 11
                                                      1                        NR Cell 12
  }                                                                            
  intraFreqCellReselectionInfo SEQUENCE {                                      
  s-IntraSearchP                                      5              10 dB     
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- --------------------------

Table 6.7.1.6.3.3-3: SIB4 of NR Cell 11 and NR Cell 12 (preamble and all
steps, Table 6.7.1.6.3.2-2)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------- ------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                            
  Information Element                                                                   Value/remark                                 Comment   Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                          
  interFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo {   1 entry                                                
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                           entry 1   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 12             NR Cell 11
                                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 1              NR Cell 12
  cellReselectionPriority                                                               5                                                      NR Cell 12
                                                                                        1                                                      NR Cell 11
  }                                                                                                                                            
  }                                                                                                                                            
  }                                                                                                                                            
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------- ------------

Table 6.7.1.6.3.3-4: *SIB19 of NR Cell 1* and NR Cell 11 (preamble and
all steps, Table 6.7.1.6.3.2-2)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------- ------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-18C                                                                                                                                                                         
  Information Element                                                                                           Value/remark                                                                                        Comment   Condition
  SIB19-r17 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  t-service-r17                                                                                                 Time as applied in Universal time and local time zone IE at step 1 of Table 6.7.1.6.3.2-2 + 6mins             NR Cell 1
                                                                                                                Time as applied in Universal time and local time zone IE at step 1 of Table 6.7.1.6.3.2-2 + 9mins             NR Cell 11
  referenceLocation-r17                                                                                         \'2273BA566355\'H                                                                                             
  distanceThresh-r17                                                                                            20000                                                                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
  Note 1: Value is calculated in multiples of 10 ms after 00:00:00 on Gregorian calendar date 1 January 1900.                                                                                                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------- ------------

Table 6.7.1.6.3.3-5: REGISTRATION ACCEPT (step 4 and step 6, Table
6.7.1.6.3.2-2)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 Table 4.7.1-7                            
  -------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                          Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  Equivalent PLMNs                             002-11         PLMN 2    Step 4
                                               001-01         PLMN 1    Step 6

#### 6.7.1.7 NR NTN Enhancements / Cell reselection, Sintrasearch, Snonintrasearch / location based measurements

6.7.1.7.1 Test Purpose (TP)

\(1\)

**with** { UE supporting location-based measurements in NR RRC\_IDLE
state on a cell which provides access by NR NTN Enh cell}

**ensure that** {

  **when** { Sintrasearch is non-zero in system information and distance
between UE and the serving cell moving*ReferenceLocation* is larger than
*distanceThresh* }

      **then** { UE performs intra-frequency measurements and reselects
the highest ranked cell up on Srxlev \> S~IntraSearchP~ }

}

##### (2) {#section-214 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting location-based measurements in NR RRC\_IDLE
state on a cell which provides access by NR NTN Enh cell }

**ensure that** {

**when** { Snonintrasearch is non-zero in system information and
distance between UE and the serving cell reference location
movingR*eferenceLocation* is larger than *distanceThresh* }

**then** { UE performs inter-frequency measurements and reselects the
cell which belong to the lower priority frequency upon Srxlev \>
Snonintrasearch }

}

##### 6.7.1.7.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-115 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 38.304, clauses 4.1, 5.2.4.2, 5.2.4.7.0 and 5.2.5.
Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-18 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 4.1\]

The RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE state tasks can be subdivided into
three processes:

> \- PLMN selection (for UE not operating in SNPN access mode) or SNPN
> selection (for UE operating in SNPN access mode);
>
> \- Cell selection and reselection;
>
> \- Location registration and RNA update.

PLMN selection, SNPN selection, cell reselection procedures, and
location registration are common for both RRC\_IDLE state and
RRC\_INACTIVE state. RNA update is only applicable for RRC\_INACTIVE
state. When UE selects a new PLMN or SNPN, UE transitions from
RRC\_INACTIVE to RRC\_IDLE, as specified in TS 24.501 \[14\].

\...

If the UE finds a more suitable cell, according to the cell reselection
criteria, it reselects onto that cell and camps on it. If the new cell
does not belong to at least one tracking area to which the UE is
registered, location registration is performed. In RRC\_INACTIVE state,
if the new cell does not belong to the configured RNA, an RNA update
procedure is performed.

If necessary, the UE shall search for higher priority PLMNs at regular
time intervals as described in TS 23.122 \[9\] and search for a suitable
cell if another PLMN has been selected by NAS.

For UE not operating in SNPN access mode, search of available CAGs may
be triggered by NAS to support manual CAG selection. The AS shall report
available CAG-ID(s) together with their HRNN (if broadcast) and PLMN(s)
to the NAS.

NAS may also provide the network slice(s) and Network Slice AS Group
(NSAG) information, which contains NSAG(s), their applicable TA(s) if
present and their priorities, to be considered by the UE during cell
reselection (as specified in TS 23.501 \[10\], TS 24.501 \[14\]).

If the UE loses coverage of the registered PLMN/SNPN, either a new
PLMN/SNPN is selected automatically (automatic mode), or an indication
of available PLMNs/SNPNs is given to the user so that a manual selection
can be performed (manual mode). As part of manual SNPN selection, the AS
shall report available SNPN identifiers together with their HRNN (if
broadcast) to the NAS.

Registration is not performed by UEs only capable of services that need
no registration.

\...

The purpose of camping on a cell in RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE
state is as follows:

> a\) It enables the UE to receive system information from the PLMN or
> the SNPN.
>
> b\) When registered and if the UE wishes to establish an RRC
> connection or resume a suspended RRC connection, it can do this by
> initially accessing the network on the control channel of the cell on
> which it is camped.
>
> c\) If the network needs to send a message or deliver data to the
> registered UE, it knows (in most cases) the set of tracking areas (in
> RRC\_IDLE state) or RNA (in RRC\_INACTIVE state) in which the UE is
> camped. It can then send a \"paging\" message for the UE on the
> control channels of all the cells in the corresponding set of areas.
> The UE will then receive the paging message and can respond.
>
> d\) It enables the UE to receive ETWS and CMAS notifications.
>
> e\) It enables the UE to receive MBS broadcast services.
>
> f\) It enables the UE to receive MBS multicast services in
> RRC\_INACTIVE state.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.2\]

Following rules are used by the UE to limit needed measurements:

> \- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~IntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
> S~IntraSearchQ~:
>
> \- If *distanceThresh* and *referenceLocation* are broadcasted in
> *SIB19*, and if UE supports location-based measurement initiation for
> NTN (quasi-)Earth-fixed cell and has obtained its location
> information:
>
> \- If the distance between UE and the serving cell reference location
> *referenceLocation* is shorter than *distanceThresh*, the UE may not
> perform intra-frequency measurements;
>
> \- Else, the UE shall perform intra-frequency measurements;
>
> \- else if *distanceThresh* and *movingReferenceLocation* are
> broadcasted in *SIB19*, and if UE supports location-based measurement
> initiation for NTN Earth-moving cell and has obtained its location
> information:
>
> \- if the distance between UE\'s location and the serving cell
> reference location determined based on *movingReferenceLocation* is
> shorter than *distanceThresh*, the UE may not perform intra-frequency
> measurements;
>
> \- else, the UE shall perform intra-frequency measurements;
>
> \- Else, the UE may not perform intra-frequency measurements;
>
> \- Else, the UE shall perform intra-frequency measurements.
>
> \- The UE shall apply the following rules for NR inter-frequencies and
> inter-RAT frequencies which are indicated in system information and
> for which the UE has priority provided as defined in 5.2.4.1:
>
> \- For a NR inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequency with a reselection
> priority higher than the reselection priority of the current NR
> frequency, the UE shall perform measurements of higher priority NR
> inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequencies according to TS 38.133 \[8\].
>
> \- For a NR inter-frequency with an equal or lower reselection
> priority than the reselection priority of the current NR frequency and
> for inter-RAT frequency with lower reselection priority than the
> reselection priority of the current NR frequency:
>
> \- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal
> \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~:
>
> \- If *distanceThresh* and *referenceLocation* are broadcasted in
> *SIB19*, and if UE supports location-based measurement initiation for
> NTN (quasi-)Earth-fixed cell and has obtained its UE location
> information:
>
> \- If the distance between UE and the serving cell reference location
> *referenceLocation* is shorter than *distanceThresh*, the UE may
> choose not to perform measurements of NR inter-frequency cells of
> equal or lower priority, or inter-RAT frequency cells of lower
> priority;
>
> \- Else, the UE shall perform measurements of NR inter-frequency cells
> of equal or lower priority, or inter-RAT frequency cells of lower
> priority according to TS 38.133 \[8\];
>
> \- else if *distanceThresh* and *movingReferenceLocation* are
> broadcasted in *SIB19*, and if UE supports location-based measurement
> initiation for NTN Earth-moving cell and has obtained its location
> information:
>
> \- if the distance between UE\'s location and the serving cell
> reference location determined based on *movingReferenceLocation* is
> shorter than *distanceThresh*, the UE may not perform measurements of
> NR inter-frequency cells of equal or lower priority, or inter-RAT
> frequency cells of lower priority;
>
> \- else, the UE shall perform measurements of NR inter-frequency cells
> of equal or lower priority, or inter-RAT frequency cells of lower
> priority according to TS 38.133 \[8\];
>
> \- Else, the UE may choose not to perform measurements of NR
> inter-frequency cells of equal or lower priority, or inter-RAT
> frequency cells of lower priority;
>
> \- Else, the UE shall perform measurements of NR inter-frequency cells
> of equal or lower priority, or inter-RAT frequency cells of lower
> priority according to TS 38.133 \[8\].
>
> \- If the UE supports relaxed measurement and *relaxedMeasurement* is
> present in *SIB2*, the UE may further relax the needed measurements,
> as specified in clause 5.2.4.9.
>
> \- For UE camping on NTN cell, if the UE supports skipping TN
> measurement, and the UE has obtained its location information, and if
> *coverageAreaInfoList* and *tn-AreaIdList* are broadcast in system
> information, the UE may not perform measurements of a TN frequency
> when UE is not in the coverage of that frequency provided via
> *tn-AreaIdList*, regardless of the frequency priority.

If the *t-Service* of the serving cell is present in *SIB19*, and if UE
supports time-based measurement initiation, the UE shall perform
intra-frequency, inter-frequency or inter-RAT measurements before the
*t-Service*, regardless of the distance between UE and the serving cell
reference location or whether the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \>
S~IntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~IntraSearchQ~, or Srxlev \>
S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~, The exact time to
start measurement before *t-Service* is up to UE implementation. UE
shall perform measurements of higher priority NR inter-frequency or
inter-RAT frequencies according to TS 38.133 \[8\] regardless of the
remaining service time of the serving cell (i.e. time remaining until
*t-Service*).

NOTE 1: When evaluating the distance between UE and the serving cell
reference location, it is up to UE implementation to obtain UE location
information.

NOTE 2: In the Earth-moving cell, it is up to UE implementation to
maintain a valid serving cell reference location, which is derived based
on the serving satellite ephemeris, *epochTime* and
*movingReferenceLocation*.

...

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.7.0\]

Cell reselection parameters are broadcast in system information and are
read from the serving cell as follows:

**absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation**

This specifies the minimum threshold for beams which can be used for
selection of the highest ranked cells, if *rangeToBestCell* is
configured, and for beams used for derivation of ***cell measurement
quantity.*** The parameter in *SIB2* applies to the current serving
frequency and the parameter in *SIB4* applies to the corresponding
inter-frequency.

**cellReselectionPriority**

This specifies the absolute priority for NR frequency or E-UTRAN
frequency.

**cellReselectionSubPriority**

This specifies the fractional priority value added to
cellReselectionPriority for NR frequency or E-UTRAN frequency.

**combineRelaxedMeasCondition**

This indicates when the UE needs to fulfil both low mobility criterion
and not-at-cell-edge criterion to determine whether **to relax
measurement** requirement**s.**

**combineRelaxedMeasCondition2**

This indicates when an (e)RedCap UE needs to fulfil both stationary
criterion and not-at-cell-edge criterion to determine whether **to relax
measurement** requirement**s.**

**coverageAreaInfoList**

This indicates a list of TN coverage areas to assist skipping TN
measurements for NTN UEs in RRC\_IDLE and RRC\_INACTIVE states.

**distanceThresh**

This indicates the distance threshold from the serving cell reference
location to be used in location-based measurement initiation.

**movingReferenceLocation**

This indicates the reference location of the serving cell at a time
reference, to be used in location-based measurement initiation for NTN
Earth-moving cell.

**nrofSS-BlocksToAverage**

This specifies the number of beams which can be used for selection of
the highest ranked cell, if *rangeToBestCell* is configured, and the
number of beams used for derivation of cell measurement quantity. The
parameter in *SIB2* applies to the current serving frequency and the
parameter in *SIB4* applies to the corresponding inter-frequency.

**Qoffset~s,n~**

This specifies the offset between the two cells.

**Qoffset~frequency~**

Frequency specific offset for equal priority NR frequencies.

**Q~hyst~**

This specifies the hysteresis value for ranking criteria.

**Qoffset~temp~**

This specifies the additional offset to be used for cell selection and
re-selection. It is temporarily used in case the RRC Connection
Establishment fails on the cell as specified in TS 38.331 \[3\].

**Q~qualmin~**

This specifies the minimum required quality level in the cell in dB.

**Q~rxlevmin~**

This specifies the minimum required Rx level in the cell in dBm.

**Q~rxlevminoffsetcell~**

This specifies the cell specific Rx level offset in dB to Qrxlevmin.

**Q~qualminoffsetcell~**

This specifies the cell specific quality level offset in dB to Qqualmin.

**rangeToBestCell**

This specifies the R value range which the cells whose R value is within
the range can be a candidate for the highest ranked cell. It is
configured in SIB2 and used for intra-frequency and equal priority
inter-frequency cell reselection and among the cells on the highest
priority frequency(ies) for inter-frequency cell reselection within NR.

**referenceLocation**

This indicates the reference location of the serving cell to be used in
location-based measurement initiation for NTN (quasi-)Earth-fixed cell.

**S~IntraSearchP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) for intra-frequency
measurements.

**S~IntraSearchQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) for intra-frequency
measurements.

**S~nonIntraSearchP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) for NR inter-frequency and
inter-RAT measurements.

**S~nonIntraSearchQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) for NR inter-frequency and
inter-RAT measurements.

**S~SearchDeltaP~**

This specifies the threshold (in dB) on Srxlev variation for relaxed
measurement.

**S~SearchDeltaP-Stationary~**

This specifies the threshold (in dB) on Srxlev variation to evaluate
stationary criterion for relaxed measurement.

**S~SearchThresholdP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) for relaxed measurement.

**S~SearchThresholdP2~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) to evaluate
not-at-cell-edge-criterion for relaxed measurement.

**S~SearchThresholdQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) for relaxed measurement.

**S~SearchThresholdQ2~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) to evaluate
not-at-cell-edge-criterion for relaxed measurement.

**Treselection~RAT~**

This specifies the cell reselection timer value. For each target NR
frequency and for each RAT other than NR, a specific value for the cell
reselection timer is defined, which is applicable when evaluating
reselection within NR or towards other RAT (i.e. Treselection~RAT~ for
NR is Treselection~NR~, for E-UTRAN Treselection~EUTRA~).

NOTE: Treselection~RAT~ is not broadcast in system information but used
in reselection rules by the UE for each RAT.

**Treselection~NR~**

This specifies the cell reselection timer value Treselection~RAT~ for
NR. The parameter can be set per NR frequency as specified in TS 38.331
\[3\].

**Treselection~EUTRA~**

This specifies the cell reselection timer value Treselection~RAT~ for
E-UTRAN.

**Thresh~X,\ HighP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) used by the UE when
reselecting towards a higher priority RAT/ frequency than the current
serving frequency. Each frequency of NR and E-UTRAN might have a
specific threshold.

**Thresh~X,\ HighQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) used by the UE when
reselecting towards a higher priority RAT/ frequency than the current
serving frequency. Each frequency of NR and E-UTRAN might have a
specific threshold.

**Thresh~X,\ LowP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) used by the UE when
reselecting towards a lower priority RAT/ frequency than the current
serving frequency. Each frequency of NR and E-UTRAN might have a
specific threshold.

**Thresh~X,\ LowQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) used by the UE when
reselecting towards a lower priority RAT/ frequency than the current
serving frequency. Each frequency of NR and E-UTRAN might have a
specific threshold.

**Thresh~Serving,\ LowP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) used by the UE on the
serving cell when reselecting towards a lower priority RAT/ frequency.

**Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) used by the UE on the serving
cell when reselecting towards a lower priority RAT/ frequency.

**T~SearchDeltaP~**

This specifies the time period over which the Srxlev variation is
evaluated for relaxed measurement.

**T~SearchDeltaP-Stationary~**

This specifies the time period over which the Srxlev variation is
evaluated for stationary criterion for relaxed measurement.

**t-Service**

This indicates the time when an NTN cell is going to stop serving the
area where it is currently covering, to be used in time-based
measurement initiation.

**tn-AreaIdList**

This indicates a list of TN area identities associated with each
frequency to assist skipping TN measurements for NTN UEs in RRC\_IDLE
and RRC\_INACTIVE states. Each TN area identity in the list identifies a
TN coverage area.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.5\]

This state is applicable for RRC\_IDLE and RRC\_INACTIVE state.

When camped normally, the UE shall perform the following tasks:

> \- monitor the paging channel of the cell as specified in clause 7
> according to information broadcast in *SIB1*;
>
> \- monitor Short Messages transmitted with P-RNTI over DCI as
> specified in clause 6.5 in TS 38.331 \[3\];
>
> \- monitor relevant System Information as specified in TS 38.331
> \[3\];
>
> \- perform necessary measurements for the cell reselection evaluation
> procedure;
>
> \- execute the cell reselection evaluation process on the following
> occasions/triggers:
>
> 1\) UE internal triggers, so as to meet performance as specified in TS
> 38.133 \[8\];
>
> 2\) When information on the BCCH used for the cell reselection
> evaluation procedure has been modified.
>
> 3\) When the network slice(s) and/or NSAG information received from
> NAS changes.

##### 6.7.1.7.3 Test description {#test-description-114 .H6}

##### 6.7.1.7.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-115 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-92 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 3 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
Table 4.4.2-2 is used.

\- NR Cell 1 uses System information combination NR-29 as defined in TS
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.3.1.2-1.

\- NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 3 use System information combination NR-32 as
defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.3.1.2-1.

##### UE: {#ue-105 .H6}

\- The pre-configured UE location is defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Clause
4.5C.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-109 .H6}

\- The UE is in state 1N-A on NR Cell 1(serving cell) according to TS
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-2.

##### 6.7.1.7.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-112 .H6}

Table 6.7.1.7.3.2-1 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the NR cells at various time
instants of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values
shall be applied are described in the texts in this clause. The
configuration T0 indicates the initial conditions for preamble.
Configurations marked \"T1\" and \"T2\" are applied at the points
indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table 6.7.1.7.3.2-2.

Table 6.7.1.7.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|         | rameter |         | 1       | 2       | 3       |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| T0      | SS/PBCH | **dB    | **-88** | **\"    | **\"    | The     |
|         |         | m/SCS** |         | Off\"** | Off\"** | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ensure  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | the UE  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | reg     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | istered |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | on NR   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | and     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Srxlev  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | of NR   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | is      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | greater |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | than    |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Sintra  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | search. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | S~Intra | **dB**  | **10**  | **-**   | **-**   | The     |
|         | Search~ |         |         |         |         | d       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | istance |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | between |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | the UE  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | and the |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Ncell 1 |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | re      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ference |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | l       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ocation |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | is      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | larger  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | than or |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | equal   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | d       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | istance |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Thresh. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Srxlev  | **dB**  | **22**  | **-**   | **-**   |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T1      | SS/PBCH | **dB    | **-94** | **-88** | **\"    | NR Cell |
|         |         | m/SCS** |         |         | Off\"** | 2       |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | becomes |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | the     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | cell.   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | The     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | d       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | istance |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | between |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | the UE  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | and the |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Ncell 2 |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | re      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ference |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | l       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ocation |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | is      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | shorter |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | than or |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | equal   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | d       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | istance |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Thresh. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | S~Intra | **dB**  | **10**  | **10**  | **-**   |         |
|         | Search~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Srxlev  | **dB**  | **16**  | **22**  | **-**   |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| T2      | SS/PBCH | **dB    | **\"    | **-94** | **-88** | NR Cell |
|         |         | m/SCS** | Off\"** |         |         | 3       |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | becomes |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | the     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | cell.   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | The     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | d       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | istance |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | between |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | the UE  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | and the |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Ncell 3 |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | re      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ference |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | l       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ocation |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | is      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | shorter |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | than or |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | equal   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | d       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | istance |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Thresh. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | S~n     | **dB**  | **-**   | **10**  | **10**  |         |
|         | onIntra |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | Search~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Srxlev  | **dB**  | **-**   | **16**  | **22**  |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Note:   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| level   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| "Off"   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| defined |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 3       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 8.508-1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[4\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 6.2     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .2.1-3. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.7.1.7.3.2-2: Main behaviour

  St   Procedure                                                                                                                                   Message Sequence   TP        Verdict   
  ---- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ --------- --------- ----
                                                                                                                                                   U - S              Message             
  1    The SS re-adjusts according to row \"T1\" in table 6.7.1.7.3.2-1.                                                                           \-                 \-        \-        \-
  2    Wait for 34 seconds to allow UE to recognise the change                                                                                     \-                 \-        \-        \-
  3    Check: Does the test result of generic testprocedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.4.2.2- 1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 2?   \-                 \-        1         P
  4    The SS re-adjusts according to row \"T2\" in table 6.7.1.7.3.2-1.                                                                           \-                 \-        \-        \-
  5    Wait for 34 seconds to allow UE to recognise the change                                                                                     \-                 \-        \-        \-
  6    Check: Does the test result of generic testprocedure in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.9.4.2.2- 1 indicate that the UE is camped on NR Cell 3?   \-                 \-        2         P

6.7.1.7.3.3 Specific message contents

Table 6.7.1.7.3.3-1: Conditions for specific message contents in Tables
below

  Condition   Explanation
  ----------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
  NR Cell 1   This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 1.
  NR Cell 2   This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 2.
  NR Cell 3   This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 3.

Table 6.7.1.7.3.3-2: SIB2 of NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 3
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.7.1.7.3.2-2)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -------------------------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB2 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {                                    
  s-NonIntraSearch                                    5              10 dB     
  cellReselectionPriority                             5                        NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 2
                                                      1                        NR Cell 3
  }                                                                            
  intraFreqCellReselectionInfo SEQUENCE {                                      
  s-IntraSearchP                                      5              10 dB     
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            

Table 6.7.1.7.3.3-3: SIB4 of NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 3 (preamble and all
steps, Table 6.7.1.7.3.2-2)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                           
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                   Value/remark                                Comment   Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                         
  interFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo {   1 entry                                               
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                          entry 1   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 3             NR Cell 2
                                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 1             NR Cell 3
  cellReselectionPriority                                                               5                                                     NR Cell 3
                                                                                        1                                                     NR Cell 2
  }                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                           

Table 6.7.1.7.3.3-4: SIB19 of NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 3 *(For
Earth Moving Cell,* preamble and all steps, Table 6.7.1.7.3.2-2*)*

  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-18C                            
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB19-r17 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                       
  referenceLocation-r17                                 Not present              
  distanceThresh-r17                                    FFS                      
  movingReferenceLocation-r18                           FFS                      
  }                                                                              
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

### 6.7.2 NTN in RRC\_INACTIVE state

#### 6.7.2.1 NR NTN / Cell reselection, Sintrasearch, Snonintrasearch in RRC\_Inactive state / location based measurements

##### 6.7.2.1.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-116 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-215 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting location-based measurements in NR RRC\_INACTIVE
state on a cell which provides access by NR NTN }

**ensure that** {

  **when** { Sintrasearch is non-zero in system information and distance
between UE and the serving cell *referenceLocation* is larger than
*distanceThresh* }

      **then** { UE performs intra-frequency measurements and reselects
the highest ranked cell up on Srxlev \> S~IntraSearchP~ }

}

##### (2) {#section-216 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting location-based measurements in NR RRC\_INACTIVE
state on a cell which provides access by NR NTN }

**ensure that** {

**when** { Snonintrasearch is non-zero in system information and
distance between UE and the serving cell reference location
*referenceLocation* is larger than *distanceThresh* }

**then** { UE performs inter-frequency measurements and reselects the
cell which belong to the lower priority frequency upon Srxlev \>
Snonintrasearch }

}

##### 6.7.2.1.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-116 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 38.304, clauses 4.1, 5.2.4.2, 5.2.4.7.0 and 5.2.5.
Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 4.1\]

The RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE state tasks can be subdivided into
three processes:

\- PLMN selection (for UE not operating in SNPN access mode) or SNPN
selection (for UE operating in SNPN access mode);

\- Cell selection and reselection;

\- Location registration and RNA update.

PLMN selection, SNPN selection, cell reselection procedures, and
location registration are common for both RRC\_IDLE state and
RRC\_INACTIVE state. RNA update is only applicable for RRC\_INACTIVE
state. When UE selects a new PLMN or SNPN, UE transitions from
RRC\_INACTIVE to RRC\_IDLE, as specified in TS 24.501 \[14\].

...

If the UE finds a more suitable cell, according to the cell reselection
criteria, it reselects onto that cell and camps on it. If the new cell
does not belong to at least one tracking area to which the UE is
registered, location registration is performed. In RRC\_INACTIVE state,
if the new cell does not belong to the configured RNA, an RNA update
procedure is performed.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.2\]

Following rules are used by the UE to limit needed measurements:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~IntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~IntraSearchQ~:

\- If *distanceThresh* and *referenceLocation* are broadcasted in SIB19,
and if UE supports location-based measurement initiation and has
obtained its location information:

\- If the distance between UE and the serving cell reference location
*referenceLocation* is shorter than *distanceThresh*, the UE may not
perform intra-frequency measurements;

\- Else, the UE shall perform intra-frequency measurements;

\- Else, the UE may not perform intra-frequency measurements;

\- Else, the UE shall perform intra-frequency measurements.

\- The UE shall apply the following rules for NR inter-frequencies and
inter-RAT frequencies which are indicated in system information and for
which the UE has priority provided as defined in 5.2.4.1:

\- For a NR inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequency with a reselection
priority higher than the reselection priority of the current NR
frequency, the UE shall perform measurements of higher priority NR
inter-frequency or inter-RAT frequencies according to TS 38.133 \[8\].

\- For a NR inter-frequency with an equal or lower reselection priority
than the reselection priority of the current NR frequency and for
inter-RAT frequency with lower reselection priority than the reselection
priority of the current NR frequency:

\- If the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~nonIntraSearchQ~:

\- If *distanceThresh* and *referenceLocation* are broadcasted in SIB19,
and if UE supports location-based measurement initiation and has
obtained its UE location information:

\- If the distance between UE and the serving cell reference location
*referenceLocation* is shorter than *distanceThresh*, the UE may choose
not to perform measurements of NR inter-frequency cells of equal or
lower priority, or inter-RAT frequency cells of lower priority;

\- Else, the UE shall perform measurements of NR inter-frequency cells
of equal or lower priority, or inter-RAT frequency cells of lower
priority according to TS 38.133 \[8\];

\- Else, the UE may choose not to perform measurements of NR
inter-frequency cells of equal or lower priority, or inter-RAT frequency
cells of lower priority;

\- Else, the UE shall perform measurements of NR inter-frequency cells
of equal or lower priority, or inter-RAT frequency cells of lower
priority according to TS 38.133 \[8\].

\- If the UE supports relaxed measurement and *relaxedMeasurement* is
present in *SIB2*, the UE may further relax the needed measurements, as
specified in clause 5.2.4.9.

...

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.7.0\]

Cell reselection parameters are broadcast in system information and are
read from the serving cell as follows:

**...**

**cellReselectionPriority**

This specifies the absolute priority for NR frequency or E-UTRAN
frequency.

**...**

**distanceThresh**

This indicates the distance threshold from the serving cell reference
location to be used in location-based measurement initiation.

...

**Q~qualmin~**

This specifies the minimum required quality level in the cell in dB.

**Q~rxlevmin~**

This specifies the minimum required Rx level in the cell in dBm.

**Q~rxlevminoffsetcell~**

This specifies the cell specific Rx level offset in dB to Qrxlevmin.

**Q~qualminoffsetcell~**

This specifies the cell specific quality level offset in dB to Qqualmin.

...

**referenceLocation**

This indicates the reference location of the serving cell to be used in
location-based measurement initiation.

**S~IntraSearchP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) for intra-frequency
measurements.

**S~IntraSearchQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) for intra-frequency
measurements.

**S~nonIntraSearchP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) for NR inter-frequency and
inter-RAT measurements.

**S~nonIntraSearchQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) for NR inter-frequency and
inter-RAT measurements.

...

**Treselection~RAT~**

This specifies the cell reselection timer value. For each target NR
frequency and for each RAT other than NR, a specific value for the cell
reselection timer is defined, which is applicable when evaluating
reselection within NR or towards other RAT (i.e. Treselection~RAT~ for
NR is Treselection~NR~, for E-UTRAN Treselection~EUTRA~).

NOTE: Treselection~RAT~ is not broadcast in system information but used
in reselection rules by the UE for each RAT.

**Treselection~NR~**

This specifies the cell reselection timer value Treselection~RAT~ for
NR. The parameter can be set per NR frequency as specified in TS 38.331
\[3\].

**Treselection~EUTRA~**

This specifies the cell reselection timer value Treselection~RAT~ for
E-UTRAN.

**Thresh~X,\ HighP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) used by the UE when
reselecting towards a higher priority RAT/ frequency than the current
serving frequency. Each frequency of NR and E-UTRAN might have a
specific threshold.

**Thresh~X,\ HighQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) used by the UE when
reselecting towards a higher priority RAT/ frequency than the current
serving frequency. Each frequency of NR and E-UTRAN might have a
specific threshold.

**Thresh~X,\ LowP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) used by the UE when
reselecting towards a lower priority RAT/ frequency than the current
serving frequency. Each frequency of NR and E-UTRAN might have a
specific threshold.

**Thresh~X,\ LowQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) used by the UE when
reselecting towards a lower priority RAT/ frequency than the current
serving frequency. Each frequency of NR and E-UTRAN might have a
specific threshold.

**Thresh~Serving,\ LowP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) used by the UE on the
serving cell when reselecting towards a lower priority RAT/ frequency.

**Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) used by the UE on the serving
cell when reselecting towards a lower priority RAT/ frequency.

...

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.5\]

This state is applicable for RRC\_IDLE and RRC\_INACTIVE state.

When camped normally, the UE shall perform the following tasks:

...

\- perform necessary measurements for the cell reselection evaluation
procedure;

##### 6.7.2.1.3 Test description {#test-description-115 .H6}

##### 6.7.2.1.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-116 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-93 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 3 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
Table 4.4.2-2 is used.

\- NR Cell 1 uses System information combination NR-29 as defined in TS
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.3.1.2-1.

\- NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 3 use System information combination NR-32 as
defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.3.1.2-1.

##### UE: {#ue-106 .H6}

\- The pre-configured UE location is defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Clause
4.5C.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-110 .H6}

\- The UE is in state 2N-A on NR Cell 1(serving cell) according to TS
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-2.

##### 6.7.2.1.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-113 .H6}

Table 6.7.2.1.3.2-1 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the NR cells at various time
instants of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values
shall be applied are described in the texts in this clause. The
configuration T0 indicates the initial conditions for preamble.
Configurations marked \"T1\" and \"T2\" are applied at the points
indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table 6.7.2.1.3.2-2.

Table 6.7.2.1.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|         | rameter |         | 1       | 2       | 3       |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| **T0**  | SS/PBCH | **dB    | **-88** | **\"    | **\"    | The     |
|         |         | m/SCS** |         | Off\"** | Off\"** | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ensure  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | the UE  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | reg     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | istered |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | on NR   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | and     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Srxlev  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | of NR   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | is      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | greater |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | than    |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Sintra  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | search. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | S~Intra | **dB**  | **10**  | **-**   | **-**   |         |
|         | Search~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Srxlev  | **dB**  | **22**  | **-**   | **-**   |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T1**  | SS/PBCH | **dB    | **-94** | **-88** | **\"    | NR Cell |
|         |         | m/SCS** |         |         | Off\"** | 2       |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | becomes |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | the     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | cell.   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | S~Intra | **dB**  | **10**  | **10**  | **-**   |         |
|         | Search~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Srxlev  | **dB**  | **16**  | **22**  | **-**   |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T2**  | SS/PBCH | **dB    | **\"    | **-94** | **-88** | NR Cell |
|         |         | m/SCS** | Off\"** |         |         | 3       |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | becomes |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | the     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | cell.   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | S~n     | **dB**  | **-**   | **10**  | **10**  |         |
|         | onIntra |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | Search~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Srxlev  | **dB**  | **-**   | **16**  | **22**  |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Note:   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| level   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| "Off"   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| defined |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 3       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 8.508-1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[4\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 6.2     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .2.1-3. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.7.2.1.3.2-2: Main behaviour

  St   Procedure                                                                                              Message Sequence   TP                            Verdict   
  ---- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------------ ----------------------------- --------- ----
                                                                                                              U - S              Message                                 
  1    The SS re-adjusts the SS/PBCH EPRE levels according to row \"T1\" in table 6.7.2.1.3.2-1.              \-                 \-                            \-        \-
  2    Check: Does the UE transmit an *RRCResumeRequest* message on the NR Cell 2?                            \--\>              NR RRC: *RRCResumeRequest*    1         P
  3    The SS transmits an *RRCResume* message.                                                               \<\--              NR RRC: *RRCResume*           \-        \-
  4    The UE transmit an *RRCResumeComplete* message.                                                        \--\>              NR RRC: *RRCResumeComplete*   \-        \-
  5    The SS transmits an *RRCRelease* message including *suspendConfig* with NR\_RRC\_INACTIVE condition.   \<\--              NR RRC: *RRCRelease*          \-        \-
  6    The SS re-adjusts the SS/PBCH EPRE levels according to row \"T2\" in table 6.7.2.1.3.2-1.              \-                 \-                            \-        \-
  7    Check: Does the UE transmit an *RRCResumeRequest* message on the NR Cell 3?                            \--\>              NR RRC: *RRCResumeRequest*    2         P
  8    The SS transmits an *RRCResume* message.                                                               \<\--              NR RRC: *RRCResume*           \-        \-
  9    The UE transmit an *RRCResumeComplete* message.                                                        \--\>              NR RRC: *RRCResumeComplete*   \-        \-
  10   The SS transmits an *RRCRelease* message.                                                              \<\--              NR RRC: *RRCRelease*          \-        \-

##### 6.7.2.1.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-107 .H6}

Table 6.7.2.1.3.3-1: Conditions for specific message contents in Tables
below

  Condition   Explanation
  ----------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
  NR Cell 1   This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 1.
  NR Cell 2   This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 2.
  NR Cell 3   This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 3.

Table 6.7.2.1.3.3-2: SIB2 of NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 3
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.7.2.1.3.2-2)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -------------------------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB2 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {                                    
  s-NonIntraSearch                                    5              10 dB     
  cellReselectionPriority                             5                        NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 2
                                                      1                        NR Cell 3
  }                                                                            
  intraFreqCellReselectionInfo SEQUENCE {                                      
  s-IntraSearchP                                      5              10 dB     
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            

Table 6.7.2.1.3.3-3: SIB4 of NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 3 (preamble and all
steps, Table 6.7.2.1.3.2-2)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                           
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                   Value/remark                                Comment   Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                         
  interFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo {   1 entry                                               
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                          entry 1   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 3             NR Cell 2
                                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 1             NR Cell 3
  cellReselectionPriority                                                               5                                                     NR Cell 3
                                                                                        1                                                     NR Cell 2
  }                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                           

Table 6.7.2.1.3.3-4: SIB19 of NR Cell 1, NR Cell 2 and NR Cell 3
*(*preamble and all steps, Table 6.7.2.1.3.2-2*)*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-18C                                 
  ----------------------------------------------------- ------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark        Comment   Condition
  SIB19-r17 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                            
  referenceLocation-r17                                 \'2273BA566355\'H             
  distanceThresh-r17                                    500                           
  }                                                                                   

Table 6.7.2.1.3.3-5: RRCResumeRequest (Steps 2 and 7, Table
6.7.2.1.3.2-2)

  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-19                            
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  RRCResumeRequest ::= SEQUENCE {                                               
  rrcResumeRequest SEQUENCE {                                                   
  resumeCause                                          rna-Update               
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

#### 6.7.2.2 NR NTN / Cell reselection, Sintrasearch, Snonintrasearch in RRC\_Inactive state / time based measurements

##### 6.7.2.2.1 Test Purpose (TP) {#test-purpose-tp-117 .H6}

##### (1) {#section-217 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting time-based measurements in NR RRC\_INACTIVE
state on a cell which provides access by NR NTN }

**ensure that** {

**when** { *t-Service* of the serving cell is present in SIB19 and
Sintrasearch is non-zero in system information }

**then** { UE performs intra-frequency measurements and reselects the
highest ranked cell up on Srxlev \> S~IntraSearchP~ }

}

##### (2) {#section-218 .H6}

**with** { UE supporting time-based measurements in NR RRC\_INACTIVE
state on a cell which provides access by NR NTN }

**ensure that** {

**when** { *t-Service* of the serving cell is present in SIB19 and
Snonintrasearch is non-zero in system information }

**then** { UE performs inter-frequency measurements and reselects the
cell which belong to the lower priority frequency upon Srxlev \>
Snonintrasearch }

}

##### 6.7.2.2.2 Conformance requirements {#conformance-requirements-117 .H6}

References: The conformance requirements covered in the current TC are
specified in: TS 38.304, clauses 4.1, 5.2.4.2, 5.2.4.7.0 and 5.2.5.
Unless otherwise stated these are Rel-17 requirements.

\[TS 38.304, clause 4.1\]

The RRC\_IDLE state and RRC\_INACTIVE state tasks can be subdivided into
three processes:

\- PLMN selection (for UE not operating in SNPN access mode) or SNPN
selection (for UE operating in SNPN access mode);

\- Cell selection and reselection;

\- Location registration and RNA update.

PLMN selection, SNPN selection, cell reselection procedures, and
location registration are common for both RRC\_IDLE state and
RRC\_INACTIVE state. RNA update is only applicable for RRC\_INACTIVE
state. When UE selects a new PLMN or SNPN, UE transitions from
RRC\_INACTIVE to RRC\_IDLE, as specified in TS 24.501 \[14\].

...

If the UE finds a more suitable cell, according to the cell reselection
criteria, it reselects onto that cell and camps on it. If the new cell
does not belong to at least one tracking area to which the UE is
registered, location registration is performed. In RRC\_INACTIVE state,
if the new cell does not belong to the configured RNA, an RNA update
procedure is performed.

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.2\]

Following rules are used by the UE to limit needed measurements:

...

If the *t-Service* of the serving cell is present in *SIB19*, and if UE
supports time-based measurement initiation, the UE shall perform
intra-frequency, inter-frequency or inter-RAT measurements before the
*t-Service*, regardless of the distance between UE and the serving cell
reference location or whether the serving cell fulfils Srxlev \>
S~IntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~IntraSearchQ~, or Srxlev \>
S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~, The exact time to
start measurement before *t-Service* is up to UE implementation. UE
shall perform measurements of higher priority NR inter-frequency or
inter-RAT frequencies according to TS 38.133 \[8\] regardless of the
remaining service time of the serving cell (i.e. time remaining until
*t-Service*).

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.4.7.0\]

Cell reselection parameters are broadcast in system information and are
read from the serving cell as follows:

**...**

**cellReselectionPriority**

This specifies the absolute priority for NR frequency or E-UTRAN
frequency.

**...**

**Q~qualmin~**

This specifies the minimum required quality level in the cell in dB.

**Q~rxlevmin~**

This specifies the minimum required Rx level in the cell in dBm.

**Q~rxlevminoffsetcell~**

This specifies the cell specific Rx level offset in dB to Qrxlevmin.

**Q~qualminoffsetcell~**

This specifies the cell specific quality level offset in dB to Qqualmin.

...

**S~IntraSearchP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) for intra-frequency
measurements.

**S~IntraSearchQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) for intra-frequency
measurements.

**S~nonIntraSearchP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) for NR inter-frequency and
inter-RAT measurements.

**S~nonIntraSearchQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) for NR inter-frequency and
inter-RAT measurements.

...

**Treselection~RAT~**

This specifies the cell reselection timer value. For each target NR
frequency and for each RAT other than NR, a specific value for the cell
reselection timer is defined, which is applicable when evaluating
reselection within NR or towards other RAT (i.e. Treselection~RAT~ for
NR is Treselection~NR~, for E-UTRAN Treselection~EUTRA~).

NOTE: Treselection~RAT~ is not broadcast in system information but used
in reselection rules by the UE for each RAT.

**Treselection~NR~**

This specifies the cell reselection timer value Treselection~RAT~ for
NR. The parameter can be set per NR frequency as specified in TS 38.331
\[3\].

**Treselection~EUTRA~**

This specifies the cell reselection timer value Treselection~RAT~ for
E-UTRAN.

**Thresh~X,\ HighP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) used by the UE when
reselecting towards a higher priority RAT/ frequency than the current
serving frequency. Each frequency of NR and E-UTRAN might have a
specific threshold.

**Thresh~X,\ HighQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) used by the UE when
reselecting towards a higher priority RAT/ frequency than the current
serving frequency. Each frequency of NR and E-UTRAN might have a
specific threshold.

**Thresh~X,\ LowP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) used by the UE when
reselecting towards a lower priority RAT/ frequency than the current
serving frequency. Each frequency of NR and E-UTRAN might have a
specific threshold.

**Thresh~X,\ LowQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) used by the UE when
reselecting towards a lower priority RAT/ frequency than the current
serving frequency. Each frequency of NR and E-UTRAN might have a
specific threshold.

**Thresh~Serving,\ LowP~**

This specifies the Srxlev threshold (in dB) used by the UE on the
serving cell when reselecting towards a lower priority RAT/ frequency.

**Thresh~Serving,\ LowQ~**

This specifies the Squal threshold (in dB) used by the UE on the serving
cell when reselecting towards a lower priority RAT/ frequency.

...

\[TS 38.304, clause 5.2.5\]

This state is applicable for RRC\_IDLE and RRC\_INACTIVE state.

When camped normally, the UE shall perform the following tasks:

...

\- perform necessary measurements for the cell reselection evaluation
procedure;

##### 6.7.2.2.3 Test description {#test-description-116 .H6}

##### 6.7.2.2.3.1 Pre-test conditions {#pre-test-conditions-117 .H6}

##### System Simulator: {#system-simulator-94 .H6}

\- NR Cell 1, NR Cell 11 and NR Cell 12 as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\]
Table 4.4.2-2 is used.

\- NR Cell 1 uses System information combination NR-29 as defined in TS
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.3.1.2-1 is used in NR cells.

\- NR Cell 11 and NR Cell 12 uses System information combination NR-32
as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4.3.1.2-1 is used in NR cells.

##### UE: {#ue-107 .H6}

\- The pre-configured UE location is defined in TS 38.508-1 \[4\] Clause
4.5C.

##### Preamble: {#preamble-111 .H6}

\- The UE is in state 3N-A on NR Cell 1 (serving cell) according to TS
38.508-1 \[4\] Table 4.4A.2-3.

##### 6.7.2.2.3.2 Test procedure sequence {#test-procedure-sequence-114 .H6}

Table 6.7.2.2.3.2-1 illustrates the downlink power levels and other
changing parameters to be applied for the NR cells at various time
instants of the test execution. The exact instants on which these values
shall be applied are described in the texts in this clause.
Configurations marked \"T1\" and \"T2\" are applied at the points
indicated in the Main behaviour description in Table 6.7.2.2.3.2-2.

Table 6.7.2.2.3.2-1: Time instances of cell power level and parameter
changes

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Pa      | Unit    | NR Cell | NR Cell | NR Cell | Remark  |
|         | rameter |         | 1       | 11      | 12      |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| **T0**  | SS/PBCH | **dB    | **-88** | **\"    | **\"    | The     |
|         |         | m/SCS** |         | Off\"** | Off\"** | power   |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | level   |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | values  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | are     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | a       |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | to      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ensure  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | the UE  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | reg     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | istered |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | on NR   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | and     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Srxlev  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | of NR   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Cell 1  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | is      |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | greater |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | than    |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Sintra  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | search. |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | S~Intra | **dB**  | **10**  | **-**   | **-**   |         |
|         | Search~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Srxlev  | **dB**  | **22**  | **-**   | **-**   |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T1**  | SS/PBCH | **dB    | **-94** | **-88** | **\"    | NR Cell |
|         |         | m/SCS** |         |         | Off\"** | 11      |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | becomes |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | the     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | cell.   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | S~Intra | **dB**  | **10**  | **10**  | **-**   |         |
|         | Search~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Srxlev  | **dB**  | **16**  | **22**  | **-**   |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **T2**  | SS/PBCH | **dB    | **\"    | **-94** | **-88** | NR Cell |
|         |         | m/SCS** | Off\"** |         |         | 12      |
|         | SSS     |         |         |         |         | becomes |
|         | EPRE    |         |         |         |         | the     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | highest |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | ranked  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | cell.   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | S~n     | **dB**  | **-**   | **10**  | **10**  |         |
|         | onIntra |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | Search~ |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | Srxlev  | **dB**  | **-**   | **16**  | **22**  |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Note:   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| level   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| "Off"   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| defined |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 3       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 8.508-1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[4\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 6.2     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .2.1-3. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 6.7.2.2.3.2-2: Main behaviour

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| St        | Procedure | Message   | TP        | Verdict |    |
|           |           | Sequence  |           |         |    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+=========+====+
|           |           | U - S     | Message   |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 1         | The SS    | \<\--     | CONF      | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | IGURATION |         |    |
|           | a         |           | UPDATE    |         |    |
|           | CONF      |           | COMMAND   |         |    |
|           | IGURATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | UPDATE    |           |           |         |    |
|           | COMMAND   |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | including |           |           |         |    |
|           | Local     |           |           |         |    |
|           | time      |           |           |         |    |
|           | zone,     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Universal |           |           |         |    |
|           | time and  |           |           |         |    |
|           | local     |           |           |         |    |
|           | time      |           |           |         |    |
|           | zone,     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Network   |           |           |         |    |
|           | daylight  |           |           |         |    |
|           | saving    |           |           |         |    |
|           | time      |           |           |         |    |
|           | inf       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ormation. |           |           |         |    |
|           | (Note 1)  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 2         | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *RR       |         |    |
|           | an        |           | CRelease* |         |    |
|           | *RR       |           |           |         |    |
|           | CRelease* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | including |           |           |         |    |
|           | *suspe    |           |           |         |    |
|           | ndConfig* |           |           |         |    |
|           | with      |           |           |         |    |
|           | NR\_RRC\  |           |           |         |    |
|           | _INACTIVE |           |           |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ondition. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 3         | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | r         |           |           |         |    |
|           | e-adjusts |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | SS/PBCH   |           |           |         |    |
|           | EPRE      |           |           |         |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to row    |           |           |         |    |
|           | \"T1\" in |           |           |         |    |
|           | table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.7.2     |           |           |         |    |
|           | .2.3.2-1. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 4         | Check:    | \-        | NR RRC:   | 1       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCResum |         |    |
|           | UE        |           | eRequest* |         |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCResum |           |           |         |    |
|           | eRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 11   |           |           |         |    |
|           | within    |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6mins     |           |           |         |    |
|           | after     |           |           |         |    |
|           | step 1?   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 5         | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *R        |         |    |
|           | an        |           | RCResume* |         |    |
|           | *R        |           |           |         |    |
|           | RCResume* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 6         | The UE    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *RRCResum |         |    |
|           | an        |           | Complete* |         |    |
|           | *         |           |           |         |    |
|           | RRCResume |           | 5GMM:     |         |    |
|           | Complete* |           | REG       |         |    |
|           | message   |           | ISTRATION |         |    |
|           | and a     |           | REQUEST   |         |    |
|           | REG       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | REQUEST   |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | i         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ndicating |           |           |         |    |
|           | \         |           |           |         |    |
|           | "mobility |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | u         |           |           |         |    |
|           | pdating\" |           |           |         |    |
|           | is sent   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to update |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | of NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell11.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 7-8       | Steps 4   | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | to 5 of   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | with      |           |           |         |    |
|           | condition |           |           |         |    |
|           | MOBILITY  |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | NOTE:     |           |           |         |    |
|           | PLMN1 and |           |           |         |    |
|           | PLMN2 are |           |           |         |    |
|           | listed as |           |           |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | E         |           |           |         |    |
|           | quivalent |           |           |         |    |
|           | PLMN in   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | REG       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | ACCEPT    |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 9         | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *RR       |         |    |
|           | an        |           | CRelease* |         |    |
|           | *RR       |           |           |         |    |
|           | CRelease* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | including |           |           |         |    |
|           | *suspe    |           |           |         |    |
|           | ndConfig* |           |           |         |    |
|           | with      |           |           |         |    |
|           | NR\_RRC\  |           |           |         |    |
|           | _INACTIVE |           |           |         |    |
|           | c         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ondition. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 10        | The SS    | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | r         |           |           |         |    |
|           | e-adjusts |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | SS/PBCH   |           |           |         |    |
|           | EPRE      |           |           |         |    |
|           | levels    |           |           |         |    |
|           | according |           |           |         |    |
|           | to row    |           |           |         |    |
|           | "T2" in   |           |           |         |    |
|           | table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 6.7.2     |           |           |         |    |
|           | .2.3.2-1. |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 11        | Check:    | \-        | NR RRC:   | 2       | P  |
|           | Does the  |           | *RRCResum |         |    |
|           | UE        |           | eRequest* |         |    |
|           | transmit  |           |           |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | *RRCResum |           |           |         |    |
|           | eRequest* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | on NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell 12   |           |           |         |    |
|           | within    |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9mins     |           |           |         |    |
|           | after     |           |           |         |    |
|           | step 1?   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 12        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *R        |         |    |
|           | an        |           | RCResume* |         |    |
|           | *R        |           |           |         |    |
|           | RCResume* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 13        | The UE    | \--\>     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *RRCResum |         |    |
|           | an        |           | Complete* |         |    |
|           | *         |           |           |         |    |
|           | RRCResume |           | 5GMM:     |         |    |
|           | Complete* |           | REG       |         |    |
|           | message   |           | ISTRATION |         |    |
|           | and a     |           | REQUEST   |         |    |
|           | REG       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | REQUEST   |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
|           | i         |           |           |         |    |
|           | ndicating |           |           |         |    |
|           | \         |           |           |         |    |
|           | "mobility |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | u         |           |           |         |    |
|           | pdating\" |           |           |         |    |
|           | is sent   |           |           |         |    |
|           | to update |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | reg       |           |           |         |    |
|           | istration |           |           |         |    |
|           | of NR     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Cell12.   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 14-15     | Steps 4   | \-        | \-        | \-      | \- |
|           | to 5 of   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | generic   |           |           |         |    |
|           | test      |           |           |         |    |
|           | procedure |           |           |         |    |
|           | in TS     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 38.508-1  |           |           |         |    |
|           | \[4\]     |           |           |         |    |
|           | Table     |           |           |         |    |
|           | 4.        |           |           |         |    |
|           | 9.5.2.2-1 |           |           |         |    |
|           | with      |           |           |         |    |
|           | condition |           |           |         |    |
|           | MOBILITY  |           |           |         |    |
|           | are       |           |           |         |    |
|           | p         |           |           |         |    |
|           | erformed. |           |           |         |    |
|           |           |           |           |         |    |
|           | NOTE:     |           |           |         |    |
|           | PLMN1 and |           |           |         |    |
|           | PLMN2 are |           |           |         |    |
|           | listed as |           |           |         |    |
|           | an        |           |           |         |    |
|           | E         |           |           |         |    |
|           | quivalent |           |           |         |    |
|           | PLMN in   |           |           |         |    |
|           | the       |           |           |         |    |
|           | REG       |           |           |         |    |
|           | ISTRATION |           |           |         |    |
|           | ACCEPT    |           |           |         |    |
|           | message   |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| 16        | The SS    | \<\--     | NR RRC:   | \-      | \- |
|           | transmits |           | *RR       |         |    |
|           | an        |           | CRelease* |         |    |
|           | *RR       |           |           |         |    |
|           | CRelease* |           |           |         |    |
|           | message.  |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+
| Note 1:   |           |           |           |         |    |
| SS        |           |           |           |         |    |
| derives   |           |           |           |         |    |
| Local     |           |           |           |         |    |
| time      |           |           |           |         |    |
| zone,     |           |           |           |         |    |
| Universal |           |           |           |         |    |
| time and  |           |           |           |         |    |
| local     |           |           |           |         |    |
| time      |           |           |           |         |    |
| zone,     |           |           |           |         |    |
| Network   |           |           |           |         |    |
| daylight  |           |           |           |         |    |
| saving    |           |           |           |         |    |
| time      |           |           |           |         |    |
| based on  |           |           |           |         |    |
| the time  |           |           |           |         |    |
| of test   |           |           |           |         |    |
| e         |           |           |           |         |    |
| xecution. |           |           |           |         |    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+---------+----+

##### 6.7.2.2.3.3 Specific message contents {#specific-message-contents-108 .H6}

Table 6.7.2.2.3.3-1: Conditions for specific message contents in Tables
below

  Condition    Explanation
  ------------ -------------------------------------------------------------------------
  NR Cell 1    This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 1.
  NR Cell 11   This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 11.
  NR Cell 12   This condition applies to system information transmitted on NR Cell 12.

Table 6.7.2.2.3.3-2: SIB2 of NR Cell 1, NR Cell 11 and NR Cell 12
(preamble and all steps, Table 6.7.2.2.3.2-2)

  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- --------------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-1                            
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SIB2 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                          
  cellReselectionServingFreqInfo SEQUENCE {                                    
  s-NonIntraSearch                                    5              10 dB     
  threshServingLowP                                   10             20 dB     NR Cell 11
  cellReselectionPriority                             5                        NR Cell 1 and NR Cell 11
                                                      1                        NR Cell 12
  }                                                                            
  intraFreqCellReselectionInfo SEQUENCE {                                      
  s-IntraSearchP                                      5              10 dB     
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- --------------------------

Table 6.7.2.2.3.3-3: SIB4 of NR Cell 11 and NR Cell 12 (preamble and all
steps, Table 6.7.2.2.3.2-2)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------- ------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-3                                                                                            
  Information Element                                                                   Value/remark                                 Comment   Condition
  SIB4 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                          
  interFreqCarrierFreqList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxFreq)) OF InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo {   1 entry                                                
  InterFreqCarrierFreqInfo\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                           entry 1   
  dl-CarrierFreq                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 12             NR Cell 11
                                                                                        Same downlink ARFCN as used for NR Cell 1              NR Cell 12
  cellReselectionPriority                                                               5                                                      NR Cell 12
                                                                                        1                                                      NR Cell 11
  }                                                                                                                                            
  }                                                                                                                                            
  }                                                                                                                                            
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------- ------------

Table 6.7.2.2.3.3-4: *SIB19 of NR Cell 1* and NR Cell 11 (preamble and
all steps, Table 6.7.2.2.3.2-2)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------- ------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.2-18C                                                                                                                                                                         
  Information Element                                                                                           Value/remark                                                                                        Comment   Condition
  SIB19-r17 ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  t-service-r17                                                                                                 Time as applied in Universal time and local time zone IE at step 1 of Table 6.7.2.2.3.2-2 + 6mins             NR Cell 1
                                                                                                                Time as applied in Universal time and local time zone IE at step 1 of Table 6.7.2.2.3.2-2 + 9mins             NR Cell 11
  referenceLocation-r17                                                                                         \'2273BA566355\'H                                                                                             
  distanceThresh-r17                                                                                            20000                                                                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
  Note 1: Value is calculated in multiples of 10 ms after 00:00:00 on Gregorian calendar date 1 January 1900.                                                                                                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------- ------------

Table 6.7.2.2.3.3-5: REGISTRATION ACCEPT (step 7 and step 14, Table
6.7.2.2.3.2-2)

  Derivation path: TS 38.508-1 Table 4.7.1-7                            
  -------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                          Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  Equivalent PLMNs                             002-11         PLMN 2    Step 7
                                               001-01         PLMN 1    Step 14

Table 6.7.2.2.3.3-6: RRCResumeRequest (step 4 and step 11, Table
6.7.2.2.3.2-2)

  ---------------------------------------------------- --------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 4.6.1-19                             
  Information Element                                  Value/remark    Comment   Condition
  RRCResumeRequest ::= SEQUENCE {                                                
  rrcResumeRequest SEQUENCE {                                                    
  resumeCause                                          mo-Signalling             
  }                                                                              
  }                                                                              
  ---------------------------------------------------- --------------- --------- -----------
