Foreword
========

This Technical Specification has been produced by the 3^rd^ Generation
Partnership Project (3GPP).

The contents of the present document are subject to continuing work
within the TSG and may change following formal TSG approval. Should the
TSG modify the contents of the present document, it will be re-released
by the TSG with an identifying change of release date and an increase in
version number as follows:

Version x.y.z

where:

x the first digit:

1 presented to TSG for information;

2 presented to TSG for approval;

3 or greater indicates TSG approved document under change control.

Y the second digit is incremented for all changes of substance, i.e.
technical enhancements, corrections, updates, etc.

z the third digit is incremented when editorial only changes have been
incorporated in the document.

The present document is part 4 of a multi-part Technical Specification
(TS) covering the New Radio (NR) User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification, which is divided in the following parts:

FFS.

 1 Scope
=======

The present document specifies the measurement procedures for the
conformance test of the user equipment (UE) that contain performance
requirements as part of 5G-NR.

The requirements are listed in different clauses only if the
corresponding parameters deviate. More generally, tests are only
applicable to those mobiles that are intended to support the appropriate
functionality. To indicate the circumstances in which tests apply, this
is noted in the \"*definition and applicability*\" part of the test.

For example only Release 15 and later UE declared to support 5G-NR shall
be tested for this functionality. In the event that for some tests
different conditions apply for different releases, this is indicated
within the text of the test itself.

2 References
============

The following documents contain provisions which, through reference in
this text, constitute provisions of the present document.

\- References are either specific (identified by date of publication,
edition number, version number, etc.) or non‑specific.

\- For a specific reference, subsequent revisions do not apply.

\- For a non-specific reference, the latest version applies. In the case
of a reference to a 3GPP document (including a GSM document), a
non-specific reference implicitly refers to the latest version of that
document *in the same Release as the present document*.

\[1\] 3GPP TR 21.905: \"Vocabulary for 3GPP Specifications\".

\[2\] 3GPP TS 38.101-1: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission and
reception; Part 1: Range 1 Standalone\".

\[3\] 3GPP TS 38.101-2: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission and
reception; Part 2: Range 2 Standalone\"

\[4\] 3GPP TS 38.101-3: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission and
reception; Part 3: Range 1 and Range 2 Interworking operation with other
radios\".

\[5\] 3GPP TS 38.101-4: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission and
reception; Part 4: Performance requirements\".

\[6\] 3GPP TS 38.508-1: \"5GS; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Part 1: Common test environment\"

\[7\] 3GPP TS 38.521-1: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio transmission and reception; Part 1: Range 1
Standalone\"

\[8\] 3GPP TS 38.521-2: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio transmission and reception; Part 2: Range 2
Standalone\"

\[9\] 3GPP TS 38.211: \"NR; Physical channels and modulation\".

\[10\] 3GPP TS 38.212: \"NR; Multiplexing and channel coding\".

\[11\] 3GPP TS 38.213: \"NR; Physical layer procedures for control\".

\[12\] 3GPP TS 38.214: \"NR; Physical layer procedures for data\".

\[13\] 3GPP TS 37.340: \"Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA) and NR; Multi-connectivity\", Stage 2.

\[14\] 3GPP TS 38.306: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio access
capabilities\".

\[15\] 3GPP TR 38.901: \"Study on channel model for frequencies from 0.5
to 100 GHz\".

\[16\] 3GPP TS 36.521-1: \"E-UTRA; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio transmission and reception; Part1: conformance
testing\"

\[17\] 3GPP TS 36.211: \"Physical Channels and Modulation\".

\[18\] Recommendation ITU-R M.1545: \"Measurement uncertainty as it
applies to test limits for the terrestrial component of International
Mobile Telecommunications-2000\".

\[19\] 3GPP TS 36.508: \"Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA) and Evolved Packet Core (EPC); Common test environments for
User Equipment (UE) conformance testing\".

\[20\] 3GPP TS 38.331: "Radio Resource Control (RRC) protocol
specification".

\[21\] 3GPP TS 38.521-3: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio transmission and reception; Part 3: Range 1 and
Range 2 Interworking operation with other radios\".

\[22\] 3GPP TS 38.509: \"5GS; Special conformance testing functions for
User Equipment (UE)\".

\[23\] 3GPP TS 23.287: \"Architecture enhancements for 5G System (5GS)
to support Vehicle-to-Everything (V2X) services\".

\[24\] 3GPP TS 38.321: \"NR; Medium Access Control (MAC) protocol
specification\".

\[25\] 3GPP TS 38.133: \"NR; Requirements for support of radio resource
management\".

\[26\] 3GPP TR 38.903: \"NR; Derivation of test tolerances and
measurement uncertainty for User Equipment (UE) conformance test
cases\".

3 Definition of terms, symbols and abbreviations
================================================

3.1 Terms
---------

For the purposes of the present document, the terms given in TR 21.905
\[1\] and the following apply. A term defined in the present document
takes precedence over the definition of the same term, if any, in TR
21.905 \[1\].

**Aggregated channel bandwidth:** The RF bandwidth in which a UE
transmits and receives multiple contiguously aggregated carriers.

**Baseline SU-MIMO 8Rx Receiver:** 8Rx receivers for SU-MIMO
transmissions with support of up to 8 layers with joint 8Rx MIMO
detector.

**Carrier aggregation:** Aggregation of two or more component carriers
in order to support wider transmission bandwidths.

**Carrier aggregation band:** A set of one or more operating bands
across which multiple carriers are aggregated with a specific set of
technical requirements.

**Carrier aggregation bandwidth class:** A class defined by the
aggregated transmission bandwidth configuration and maximum number of
component carriers supported by a UE.

**Carrier aggregation configuration**: A combination of CA operating
band(s) and CA bandwidth class(es) supported by a UE.

**DL BWP**: DL bandwidth part as defined in TS 38.213 \[11\].

**EN-DC**: E-UTRA-NR Dual Connectivity as defined in TS 37.340 \[13\]
clause 4.1.2.

**Enhanced Receiver Type 1: SU-MIMO interference mitigation advanced
receiver \[14\]**

\- R-ML (reduced complexity ML) receiver with enhanced inter-stream
interference suppression for SU-MIMO transmissions with rank 2 with 2 RX
antennas

\- R-ML (reduced complexity ML) receiver with enhanced inter-stream
interference suppression for SU-MIMO transmissions with rank 2, 3, and 4
with 4 RX antennas

**Enhanced Receiver Type 2: MU-MIMO interference mitigation advanced
receiver \[14\]**

\- **Enhanced Receiver Type 2-1**: R-ML (reduced complexity ML)
receivers with enhanced inter-user interference suppression, for MU-MIMO
up to maxNumberMIMO-LayersPDSCH layers across target and co-scheduled
UEs with 2 RX and 4RX antennas, when co-scheduled UE(s)' modulation
order is explicitly signalled by DCI index 1-5 in Table 7.3.1.2.2-12 of
TS38.212 \[10\].

\- **Enhanced Receiver Type 2-2a**: R-ML (reduced complexity ML)
receivers with enhanced inter-user interference suppression for MU-MIMO
for 2 layers across target and co-scheduled UEs with 2RX and 4RX when
the co-scheduled UE information with DCI index 6 or 7 in Table
7.3.1.2.2-12 of TS38.212 \[10\] is signalled.

\- **Enhanced Receiver Type 2-2b**: R-ML (reduced complexity ML)
receivers with enhanced inter-user interference suppression for MU-MIMO
for 2 layers across target and co-scheduled UEs with 2RX and
maxNumberMIMO-LayersPDSCH layers across target and co-scheduled UEs with
4RX when the co-scheduled UE information with DCI index 6 in Table
7.3.1.2.2-12 of TS38.212 \[10\] is signalled.

**FR1**: Frequency range 1 as defined in TS 38.101-3 \[4\] clause 5.1.

**FR2**: Frequency range 2 as defined in TS 38.101-3 \[4\] clause 5.1.

**PDSCH mapping type A or B:** A type of PDSCH allocation sent in the
RRC message which defines the time domain allocation of PDSCH DMRS
symbols. PDSCH mapping type A is slot based assignment with fixed
starting OFDM symbol with variable length. PDSCH mapping type B is
non-slot based assignment used for configuring min-slots.

**RedCap:** A UE with reduced capabilities as defined in clause 4.2 in
TS 38.306 \[14\].

**eRedCap**: A UE with reduced peak data rate, with or without reduced
baseband bandwidth in FR1 as defined in clause 4.2.22 in TS 38.306
\[14\].

**Simplified SU-MIMO 8Rx Receiver:** 8Rx receivers for SU-MIMO
transmissions with support of only up to 4 layers with two joint 4Rx
MIMO detectors.

**SSB:** SS/PBCH block as defined in TS 38.211 \[9\] clause 7.8.3.

3.2 Symbols
-----------

For the purposes of the present document, the following symbols apply:

Es The averaged received energy per Hz of the wanted signal during the
useful part of the symbol, i.e. excluding the cyclic prefix, at the UE
antenna connector; average power is computed within a set of REs used
for the transmission of physical, divided transmission bandwidth within
the set

Subcarrier spacing configuration as defined in TS 38.211 \[9\] clause
4.2\]

The power spectral density of a white noise source with average power
per RE normalized to the subcarrier spacing as defined in Section 4.4.3
for conducted requirements and Section 4.5.3 for radiated requirements

3.3 Abbreviations
-----------------

For the purposes of the present document, the abbreviations given in
TR 21.905 \[1\] and the following apply. An abbreviation defined in the
present document takes precedence over the definition of the same
abbreviation, if any, in TR 21.905 \[1\].

AGC Automatic Gain Control

CA Carrier Aggregation

CC Component Carrier

CCE Control Channel Element

CORESET Control Resource Set

CP Cyclic Prefix

CSI Channel-State Information

CSI-IM CSI Interference Measurement

CSI-RS CSI Reference Signal

CW Codeword

CQI Channel Quality Indicator

CRC Cyclic Redundancy Check

CRI CSI-RS Resource Indicator

CRS Cell-specific Reference Signal

CRS-IM CRS-Interference MitigationDC Dual Connectivity

DCI Downlink Control Information

DL Downlink

DMRS Demodulation Reference Signal

DPS Dynamic Point Selection

EPRE Energy Per Resource Element

EN-DC E-UTRA-NR Dual Connectivity

FR Frequency Range

FRC Fixed Reference Channel

GNSS Global Navigation Satellite System

HARQ Hybrid Automatic Repeat Request

HST High Speed Train

HST-SFN High Speed Train Single Frequency Network

LI Layer Indicator

MAC Medium Access Control

MCS Modulation and Coding Scheme

MIB Master Information Block

NE-DC NR-E-UTRA Dual Connectivity

NR New Radio

NR/5GC NR connected to 5GC NSA Non-Standalone Operation Mode

NSA Non-Standalone Operation Mode

OCC Orthogonal Cover Code

OCNG OFDMA Channel Noise Generator

OFDM Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing

OFDMA Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiple Access

PBCH Physical Broadcast Channel

Pcell Primary Cell

PDCCH Physical Downlink Control Channel

PDSCH Physical Downlink Shared Channel

PMI Precoding Matrix Indicator

PRB Physical Resource Block

PRG Physical resource block group

PSS Primary Synchronization Signal

PTRS Phase Tracking Reference Signal

PUCCH Physical Uplink Control Channel

PUSCH Physical Uplink Shared Channel

QCL Quasi Co-location

RB Resource Block

RBG Resource Block Group

RE Resource Element

REG Resource Element Group

RI Rank Indicator

RRC Radio Resource Control

SA Standalone operation mode

SCS Subcarrier Spacing

SINR Signal-to-Interference-and-Noise Ratio

SNR Signal-to-Noise Ratio

SS Synchronization Signal

SSB Synchronization Signal Block

SSS Secondary Synchronization Signal

TCI Transmission Configuration Indicator

TDM Time division multiplexing

TRxP Transmission and Reception Point

TTI Transmission Time Interval

UL Uplink

VRB Virtual Resource Block

4 General
=========

4.1 Relationship between minimum requirements and test requirements
-------------------------------------------------------------------

TS 38.101-4 \[5\] is a Single-RAT and interwork specification for NR UE,
covering minimum performance requirements of both conducted and radiated
requirements. Conformance to the TS 38.101-4 \[5\] is demonstrated by
fulfilling the test requirements specified in the present document. 

The Minimum Requirements given in TS 38.101-4 \[5\] makes no allowance
for measurement uncertainty (MU). The present document defines test
tolerances (TT). These test tolerances are individually calculated for
each test. The test tolerances are used to relax the minimum
requirements in TS 38.101-4 \[5\] to create test requirements. For some
requirements, including regulatory requirements, the test tolerance is
set to zero.

The measurement results returned by the test system are compared -
without any modification - against the test requirements as defined by
various levels of \"Shared Risk\" principle as described below

a\) Core specification value is not relaxed by any relaxation value
(TT=0). For each single measurement, the probability of a borderline
good UE being judged as FAIL equals the probability of a borderline bad
UE being judged as PASS.

\- Test tolerances equal to 0 (TT=0) are considered in this
specification.

b\) Core specification value is relaxed by a relaxation value (TT\>0).
For each single measurement, the probability of a borderline bad UE
being judged as PASS is greater than the probability of a borderline
good UE being judged as FAIL.

\- Test tolerances lower than measurement uncertainty and greater than 0
(0 \< TT \< MU) are considered in this specification.

\- Test tolerances high up to measurement uncertainty (TT = MU) are
considered in this specification which is also known as "Never fail a
good DUT" principle.

c\) Core specification value is tightened by a stringent value (TT\<0).
For each single measurement, the probability of a borderline good UE
being judged as FAIL is greater than the probability of a borderline bad
UE being judged as PASS.

Test tolerances lower than 0 (TT\<0) are not considered in this
specification. The "Never fail a good DUT" and the "Shared Risk"
principles are defined in Recommendation ITU‑R M.1545 \[18\].

4.2 Applicability of minimum requirements
-----------------------------------------

The applicability of each requirement is described under each clause in
5.1, 6.1, 7.1, 8.1, 9.1 and 10.1 of TS 38.101-4.

The conducted minimum requirements specified in TS 38.101-4 \[5\] shall
be met in all applicable scenarios for FR1. The radiated minimum
requirements specified in TS 38.101-4 \[5\] shall be met in all
applicable scenarios for FR2. The interwork minimum requirement
specified in TS 38.101-4 \[5\] shall be met in all applicable scenarios
for NR interworking operation.

All minimum performance requirements defined in TS 38.101-4 \[5\]
Sections 5-8 are applicable to NR/5GC, EN-DC and NE-DC unless otherwise
explicitly stated in TS 38.101-4 \[5\] Section 9 and 10.

All minimum performance requirements defined in Sections 5-10 are
applicable to all UE power classes unless otherwise stated.

For radiated minimum requirements specified in the specification, if
maximum achievable SNR in the TE chamber for certain test conditions is
less than the defined SNR requirement for those tests, those tests will
not be tested.

4.3 Specification suffix information
------------------------------------

Unless stated otherwise the following suffixes are used for indicating
at 2^nd^ level clause, shown in table 4.3-1.

Table 4.3-1: Definition of suffixes

  Clause suffix   Variant
  --------------- --------------------------
  None            Single Carrier
  A               Carrier Aggregation (CA)
  B               Dual-Connectivity (DC)
  C               Supplement Uplink (SUL)

A terminal which supports the above features needs to meet the
requirement defined in the additional clause (suffix A, B, C) in clauses
5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10.

4.4 Conducted requirements
--------------------------

### 4.4.0 Introduction

The requirements are defined for the following modes:

\- Mode 1: Conditions with external noise source

\- Wanted signal with power level Es is transmitted.

\- External white noise source with power spectral density Noc is used.

\- *Es* and *Noc* levels are selected to achieve target SNR as described
in Clause 4.4.2.

\- Mode 2: Noise free conditions

\- Wanted signal with power level Es is transmitted.

\- No external noise transmitted.

### 4.4.1 Reference point

The reference point for SNR, *Es* and Noc of DL signal is the UE antenna
connector or connectors.

### 4.4.2 SNR definition

For Mode 1 conditions conducted UE demodulation and CSI requirements,
the SNR is defined as:

$$\text{SNR} = \frac{\sum_{j = 1}^{N_{\text{RX}}}E_{s}^{(j)}}{\sum_{j = 1}^{N_{\text{RX}}}N_{\text{oc}}^{(j)}}$$

Where:

*- N~RX~* denotes the number of receiver antenna connectors and the
superscript receiver antenna connector *j*.

\- The above SNR definition assumes that the REs are not precoded, and
does not account for any gain which can be associated to the precoding
operation.

\- Unless otherwise stated, the SNR refers to the SSS wanted signal.

\- The downlink SSS transmit power is defined as the linear average over
the power contributions in \[W\] of all resource elements that carry the
SSS within the operating system bandwidth.

\- The power ratio of other wanted signals to the SSS is defined in
clause C.3.1.

### 4.4.3 Noc

#### 4.4.3.1 Introduction

This clause describes the Noc power level for Mode 1 conditions
conducted testing of demodulation and CSI requirements.

Unless otherwise stated for CA and EN-DC testing, the same Noc level
shall be provided on different component carriers.

#### 4.4.3.2 Noc for NR operating bands in FR1

The Noc power spectrum density shall be larger or equal to the minimum
Noc power level for each operating band supported by the UE as defined
in clause 4.4.3.2.1.

Unless otherwise stated, a fixed Noc power level of -134 dBm/Hz shall be
used for all operating bands.

##### 4.4.3.2.1 Derivation of Noc values for NR operating bands in FR1

The minimum Noc power level for an operating band, subcarrier spacing
and channel bandwidth is derived based on the following equation:

Noc~Band\_X,\ SCS\_Y,\ CBW\_Z~ = REFSENS~Band\_X,\ SCS\_Y,\ CBW\_Z~ --
10\*log10(12\*SCS\_Y\*nPRB) + D -- SNR~REFSENS~ + ∆~thermal~

where

\- REFSENS~Band\_X,\ SCS\_Y,\ CBW\_Z~ is the REFSENS value in dBm for
Band X, SCS Y and CBW Z specified in Table 7.3.2-1 of TS 38.101-1 \[2\]

\- 12 is the number of subcarriers in a PRB

\- SCS Y is the subcarrier spacing associated with the REFSENS value

\- nPRB is the maximum number of PRB for SCS Y and CBW Z associated with
the REFSENS value, and is specified in Table 5.3.2-1 of TS 38.101-1
\[2\]

\- D is diversity gain equal to 3 dB

\- SNR~REFSENS~ = -1 dB is the SNR used for simulation of REFSENS

\- ∆~thermal~ is the amount of dB that the wanted noise is set above UE
thermal noise, giving a defined rise in total noise. ∆~thermal~ = 16dB,
giving a rise in total noise of 0.1dB, regarded as insignificant**.**

The calculated Noc value for the baseline of Band n12, 15 kHz SCS,
15 MHz CBW is -135.5 dBm/Hz.

An allowance of 1.5dB is made for CA and for future bands, giving an Noc
power level of -134 dBm/Hz.

### 4.4.4 Es

#### 4.4.4.1 Introduction

This clause describes the Es power level for Mode 2 conditions conducted
testing of demodulation and CSI requirements.

Unless otherwise stated for CA and EN-DC testing, the same Es level
shall be provided on different component carriers.

#### 4.4.4.2 Es for NR operating bands in FR1

The Es power spectrum density shall be larger or equal to the minimum Es
power level for each operating band supported by the UE as defined in
Clause 4.4.4.2.1.

Unless otherwise stated, a fixed Es power level of -112 dBm/Hz shall be
used for all operating bands.

##### 4.4.4.2.1 Derivation of Es values for NR operating bands in FR1

The minimum Es power level for an operating band, subcarrier spacing and
channel bandwidth is derived based on the following equation:

Es~Band\_X,\ SCS\_Y,\ CBW\_Z~ = REFSENS~Band\_X,\ SCS\_Y,\ CBW\_Z~ --
10\*log10(12\*SCS\_Y\*nPRB) + D -- SNR~REFSENS~ + dB~EVM~ +∆~thermal~

where:

\- REFSENS~Band\_X,\ SCS\_Y,\ CBW\_Z~ is the REFSENS value in dBm for
Band X, SCS Y and CBW Z specified in Table 7.3.2-1 of TS 38.101-1 \[2\]

\- 12 is the number of subcarriers in a PRB

\- SCS Y is the subcarrier spacing associated with the REFSENS value

\- nPRB is the maximum number of PRB for SCS Y and CBW Z associated with
the REFSENS value, and is specified in Table 5.3.2-1 of TS 38.101-1
\[2\]

\- D is diversity gain equal to 3 dB

\- SNR~REFSENS~ = -1 dB is the SNR used for simulation of REFSENS

\- dB~EVM~ is the SNR of the applied signal due to EVM impairment on the
wanted Es. An allowed EVM of 3% gives a dB~EVM~ of 30.5dB, derived as
20\*log10(1/0.03)**.** An allowed EVM of 2.5% gives a dB~EVM~ of 32dB,
derived as 20\*log10(1/0.025).

\- ∆~thermal~ is the amount of dB that the impairment due to EVM on the
wanted Es is set above UE thermal noise, giving a defined rise in total
impairment. ∆~thermal~ = 7.6dB, giving a rise in total impairment of
0.7dB, regarded as acceptable**.**

*For an allowed EVM of 3%, t*he calculated Es value for the baseline of
Band n12, 15kHz SCS, 15MHz CBW is -113.5 dBm/Hz.

For an allowed EVM of 2.5%, *the calculated Es value for the baseline of
Band n12, 15kHz SCS, 15MHz CBW is* -112 dBm/Hz.

An allowance of 1.5dB is made for CA and for future bands, giving an Es
power level of -112 dBm/Hz for EVM of 3%, and -110.5 dBm/Hz for EVM of
2.5%.

4.5 Radiated requirements
-------------------------

### 4.5.0 Introduction

The requirements are defined for the following modes:

\- Mode 1: conditions with external noise source

\- Wanted signal with power level Es is transmitted.

\- External white noise source with power spectral density Noc is used.

\- Es and Noc levels are selected to achieve target SNR as described in
Clause 4.5.2.

\- Mode 2: Noise free conditions

\- Wanted signal with power level Es is transmitted.

\- No external noise transmitted.

### 4.5.1 Reference point

The reference point for SNR, Es and Noc of DL signal from the UE
perspective is the input of UE antenna array.

Figure 4.5.1-1: Reference point for radiated Demodulation and CSI
requirements

### 4.5.2 SNR definition

For Mode 1 conditions UE demodulation and CSI requirements, the Minimum
performance requirement in clause 7, 8, 9 and 10 are defined relative to
the baseband SNR level *SNR~BB.\ ~*The SNR at the reference point is
defined as

SNR = SNR~BB~ + **∆~BB~**

where **∆~BB~** is specified in clause 4.5.3.

The reference point SNR is defined as:

$\text{SNR} = \frac{\sum_{j = 1}^{N_{\text{RX}}}E_{s}^{(j)}}{\sum_{j = 1}^{N_{\text{RX}}}N_{\text{oc}}^{(j)}}$

*- N~RX~* denotes the number of receiver reference points, and the super
script receiver reference point *j*.

\- The above SNR definition assumes that the REs are not precoded, and
does not account for any gain which can be associated to the precoding
operation.

\- Unless otherwise stated, the SNR refers to the SSS wanted signal.

\- The downlink SSS transmit power is defined as the linear average over
the power contributions in \[W\] of all resource elements that carry the
SSS within the operating system bandwidth.

\- The power ratio of other wanted signals to the SSS is defined in
clause C.3.1.

### 4.5.3 Noc

#### 4.5.3.1 Introduction

For Mode 1 conditions radiated testing of demodulation and CSI
requirements it is not feasible in practice to use signal levels high
enough to make the noise contribution of the UE negligible. Demodulation
requirements are therefore specified with the applied noise higher than
the UE peak EIS level in TS 38.101-2 \[3\] by a defined amount, so that
the impact of UE noise floor is limited to no greater than a value
**∆~BB~** at the specified Noc level. As UEs have EIS levels that are
dependent on operating band and power class, Noc level is dependent on
operating band and power class.

The Noc power level for test case execution shall be further increased
by 5.19dB for UE power class 3 on top of the Noc power level defined in
4.5.3.2.

#### 4.5.3.2 Noc for NR operating bands in FR2

Values for Noc according to operating band and power class for single
carrier requirements are specified in Table 4.5.3.2-1 for **∆~BB~**
=1dB.

Table 4.5.3.2-1: Noc power level for different UE power classes and
frequency bands

  **Operating band**                           **UE Power class**                                                
  -------------------------------------------- -------------------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- --------
                                               **1**                **2**    **3**    **4**    **5**    **6**    **7**
  n257                                         -167.3               -161.8   -158.1   -166.8   -162.4   -162.4   -155.1
  n258                                         -167.3               -161.8   -158.1   -166.8   -162.6   -162.6   -155.1
  n259                                                              -158.5   -154.5            -159.5            
  n260                                         -164.3                        -155.5   -164.8                     
  n261                                         -167.3               -161.8   -158.1   -166.8            -162.4   -155.1
  Note 1: Noc levels are specified in dBm/Hz                                                                     

For PC3 multi-band devices, the Noc power level (Noc~MB~) shall increase
by multi-band relaxation defined in TS 38.101-2 \[3\] Table 6.2.1.3-4.

Noc~MB~ = Noc~SB~ + ∆MB~P,n~

\- Noc~SB~ is the Noc defined in Table 4.5.3.2-1

\- ∆MB~P,n~ values are specified in TS 38.101-2 \[3\].

For CA case, the Noc power level (Noc~CA~) shall increase by a
relaxation factor defined in TS 38.101-2 \[3\] Table 7.3A.2.1-1:

Noc~CA~ = Noc~SC~ + ΔR~IB~

\- Noc~SC~ is derived by assuming UE supports single carrier.

\- ΔR~IB~ values are specified in TS 38.101-2 \[3\].

#### 4.5.3.3 Derivation of Noc values for NR operating bands in FR2

The Noc values in Table 4.5.3.2-1 are based on REFSENS for the operating
band X and on the UE Power class P, *derived based on the following
equation.*

Noc~PC\_P,\ Band\_X~ = REFSENS~PC\_P,\ Band\_X,\ 50MHz~ -10Log~10~(12 x
120kHz x PRB~REFSENS~) -- SNR~REFSENS~ + ∆~thermal~

where:

\- REFSENS~PC\_P,\ Band\_X,\ 50MHz~ is the R*EFSENS* value in dBm
specified for Power Class P of *UE* in Band X for 50MHz Channel
bandwidth in TS 38.101-2 \[3\] Table 7.3.2.3-1.

\- 12 is the number of subcarriers in a PRB

\- 120 kHz is chosen as a subcarrier spacing to select PRB~REFSENS~. -
PRB~R*EFSENS*~ is N~RB~ associated with subcarrier spacing 120 kHz for
50MHz in TS 38.101-2 \[3\] Table 5.3.2-1 and is 32.

\- *SNR~REFSSENS~ = -1 dB* is the SNR used for simulation of R *EFSENS.*

\- ∆~thermal~ is the amount of dB that the wanted noise is set above UE
thermal noise, giving a rise in total noise of **∆~BB~**. ∆~thermal~
-10Log~10~(10\^(**∆~BB~**/10)-1) = 5.87dB, giving a rise in total noise
**∆~BB\ ~**of 1 dB**.**

For example, the calculated Noc value for the baseline of UE Power class
3 in Band n260 is rounded to -155.5 dBm/Hz.

### 4.5.4 Angle of arrival

Unless otherwise stated, the downlink signal and noise are aligned to
the direction with the following criteria:

\- Select the known Rx beam peak direction reused from RF testing if
available, as far as it satisfies the minimum isolation requirement and
rank number defined in the present document corresponding to the test
cases.

\- Otherwise select one direction which satisfies the REFSENS defined in
TS 38.101-2 \[3\], minimum isolation requirement and rank number defined
in the present document corresponding to the test cases.

### 4.5.5 Es

For Mode 2 the test system shall transmit the wanted signal with power
level Es which is the best achievable power level by the test system.

The test system shall be able to determine achievable Es level and the
maximum achievable SNR level

4.6 Test coverage across 5G NR connectivity options
---------------------------------------------------

The test cases in the present document cover both NR/5GC (including
FR1+FR2 CA or FR1+FR2 NR-DC) as well as EN-DC, NE-DC and NGEN-DC
testing. Below shall be the understanding with respect to coverage
across 5G NR connectivity options:

1\) Unless otherwise stated within the test case, it shall be understood
that test requirements are agnostic of the NR/5GC, EN-DC, NE-DC and
NGEN-DC connectivity options configured within the test. The test
coverage across the NR/5GC, EN-DC, NE-DC and NGEN-DC connectivity
options shall be considered fulfilled by executing the test case in one
of these connectivity options.

2\) Except for sustained data rate test cases, NR/5GC, EN-DC, NE-DC and
NGEN-DC connectivity option types are utilized in the definition of each
test case within this test specification. NR/5GC is the default
connectivity option if supported.

Editor's Note: Generic procedure parameter to be used in Initial
Conditions for NE-DC and NGEN-DC is FFS

3\) If UE supports NR/5GC in addition to other connectivity options, it
suffices to test the requirements using NR/5GC connectivity option for
all test cases. Additionally for sustained data rate test case, if UE
supports EN-DC and NE-DC, test coverage is fulfilled by testing the UE
using EN-DC connectivity option.

Table 4.6-1: Void

Table 4.6-2: Void

5 Demodulation performance requirements (Conducted requirements)
================================================================

5.1 General
-----------

### 5.1.1 Applicability of requirements

#### 5.1.1.1 General

The minimum performance requirements are applicable to all FR1 operating
bands defined in TS 38.101-1 \[2\].

The minimum performance requirements in Clause 5 are mandatory for UE
supporting NR operation, except test cases listed in Clauses 5.1.1.3,
5.1.1.4, 5.1.1.5, 5.1.1.6, 5.1.1.7, 5.1.1.8.

If same test is listed for different UE features/capabilities in Clauses
5.1.1.3 and 5.1.1.4, then this test shall apply for UEs which support
all corresponding UE features/capabilities.

#### 5.1.1.2 Applicability of requirements for different number of RX antenna ports

The number of RX antenna ports for different RF operating bands is up to
UE declaration.

The UE shall support 2, 4 or 8 RX antenna ports for different RF
operating bands. The operating bands, where 4 RX antenna ports shall be
the baseline, are defined in Clause 7.2 of TS 38.101-1 \[3\]. The UE
requirements applicability for UEs with different number of RX antenna
ports is defined in Table 5.1.1.2-1.

Table 5.1.1.2-1: Requirements applicability

+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Supported RX    | Test type | Test list       | Exceptions      |
| antenna ports   |           |                 |                 |
+=================+===========+=================+=================+
| UE supports     | PDSCH     | All tests in    |                 |
| only 2RX        |           | Clause 5.2.2    |                 |
|                 |           |                 |                 |
|                 |           | All tests in    |                 |
|                 |           | Clause 5.6.2    |                 |
+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | PDCCH     | All tests in    |                 |
|                 |           | Clause 5.3.2    |                 |
+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | PBCH      | All tests in    |                 |
|                 |           | Clause 5.4.2    |                 |
+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+-----------------+
| UE supports     | PDSCH     | All tests in    |                 |
| only 4RX or     |           | Clause 5.2.3    |                 |
| both 2RX and    |           | ^(Note\ 2)^     |                 |
| 4RX             |           |                 |                 |
|                 |           | All tests in    |                 |
|                 |           | Clause 5.6.3    |                 |
+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | PDCCH     | All tests in    |                 |
|                 |           | Clause 5.3.3    |                 |
|                 |           | ^(Note\ 2)^     |                 |
+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | PBCH      | All tests in    |                 |
|                 |           | Clause 5.4.2 or |                 |
|                 |           | 5.4.3 ^Note\ 1^ |                 |
+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+-----------------+
| UE supports     | PDSCH     | All tests in    | If UE passes    |
| 8Rx, 4Rx and    |           | Clause 5.2.3    | tests in Clause |
| 2Rx             |           | (Note 2, 3)     | 5.2.4, UE can   |
|                 |           |                 | skip Test 2-1   |
|                 |           | All tests in    | and Test 2-2 in |
|                 |           | Clause 5.2.4    | Clause 5.2.3    |
|                 |           | (Note 2)        | Table           |
|                 |           |                 | 5.2.3.1.1-4,    |
|                 |           |                 | Table           |
|                 |           |                 | 5.2.3.2.1-4 and |
|                 |           |                 | Test 4-1 in     |
|                 |           |                 | Clause 5.2.3    |
|                 |           |                 | Table           |
|                 |           |                 | 5.2.3.1.1-6,    |
|                 |           |                 | Table           |
|                 |           |                 | 5.2.3.2.1-6     |
+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+-----------------+
| or              | PDCCH     | All tests in    |                 |
|                 |           | Clause 5.3.3    |                 |
|                 |           | (Note 2,3)      |                 |
+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+-----------------+
| UE supports     | PBCH      | All tests in    |                 |
| both 8Rx and    |           | Clause 5.4.2 or |                 |
| 4Rx             |           | 5.4.3 (Note 1)  |                 |
+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+-----------------+
| UE supports     | PDSCH     | All tests in    | If UE passes    |
| both 8Rx and    |           | Clause 5.2.2    | tests in Clause |
| 2Rx             |           | (Note 2, 4)     | 5.2.4, UE can   |
|                 |           |                 | skip Test 2-1   |
|                 |           | All tests in    | and Test 2-2 in |
|                 |           | Clause 5.2.4    | Clause 5.2.2    |
|                 |           | (Note 2)        | Table           |
|                 |           |                 | 5.2.2.1.1-4,    |
|                 |           |                 | Table           |
|                 |           |                 | 5.2.2.2.1-4     |
+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | PDCCH     | All tests in    |                 |
|                 |           | Clause 5.3.2    |                 |
|                 |           | (Note 2,4)      |                 |
+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | PBCH      | All tests in    |                 |
|                 |           | Clause 5.4.2    |                 |
+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+-----------------+
| UE supports     | PDSCH     | All tests in    |                 |
| only 8Rx        |           | Clause 5.2.4    |                 |
|                 |           | (Note 2)        |                 |
+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | PDCCH     | N/A             |                 |
+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | PBCH      | N/A             |                 |
+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Note 1:         |           |                 |                 |
| Requirements    |           |                 |                 |
| for PBCH with   |           |                 |                 |
| 4Rx is up to UE |           |                 |                 |
| declaration.    |           |                 |                 |
|                 |           |                 |                 |
| Note 2:         |           |                 |                 |
| *'maxM          |           |                 |                 |
| IMO-Layers-r16' |           |                 |                 |
| is not          |           |                 |                 |
| configured      |           |                 |                 |
| during the      |           |                 |                 |
| performance     |           |                 |                 |
| requirements    |           |                 |                 |
| testing for UE  |           |                 |                 |
| supporting      |           |                 |                 |
| Release 16      |           |                 |                 |
| per-BWP MIMO    |           |                 |                 |
| layer           |           |                 |                 |
| adaptation.*    |           |                 |                 |
|                 |           |                 |                 |
| *Note 3: 8Rx    |           |                 |                 |
| capable UEs are |           |                 |                 |
| tested on any   |           |                 |                 |
| of the 4Rx      |           |                 |                 |
| supported RF    |           |                 |                 |
| bands by        |           |                 |                 |
| connecting 4    |           |                 |                 |
| out of 8 Rx     |           |                 |                 |
| with data       |           |                 |                 |
| source from     |           |                 |                 |
| system          |           |                 |                 |
| simulator, and  |           |                 |                 |
| the other 4 Rx  |           |                 |                 |
| are connected   |           |                 |                 |
| with zero       |           |                 |                 |
| input,          |           |                 |                 |
| depending on    |           |                 |                 |
| UE's            |           |                 |                 |
| declaration and |           |                 |                 |
| AP              |           |                 |                 |
| configuration.  |           |                 |                 |
| Requirements    |           |                 |                 |
| specified with  |           |                 |                 |
| 4Rx should be   |           |                 |                 |
| applied.*       |           |                 |                 |
|                 |           |                 |                 |
| *Note 4: 8Rx    |           |                 |                 |
| capable UEs are |           |                 |                 |
| tested on any   |           |                 |                 |
| of the 2Rx      |           |                 |                 |
| supported RF    |           |                 |                 |
| bands by        |           |                 |                 |
| connecting 2    |           |                 |                 |
| out of 8 Rx     |           |                 |                 |
| with data       |           |                 |                 |
| source from     |           |                 |                 |
| system          |           |                 |                 |
| simulator, and  |           |                 |                 |
| the other 6 Rx  |           |                 |                 |
| are connected   |           |                 |                 |
| with zero       |           |                 |                 |
| input,          |           |                 |                 |
| depending on    |           |                 |                 |
| UE's            |           |                 |                 |
| declaration and |           |                 |                 |
| AP              |           |                 |                 |
| configuration.  |           |                 |                 |
| Requirements    |           |                 |                 |
| specified with  |           |                 |                 |
| 2Rx should be   |           |                 |                 |
| applied.*       |           |                 |                 |
|                 |           |                 |                 |
| *Note 5: Tests  |           |                 |                 |
| defined for 8Rx |           |                 |                 |
| capable UEs     |           |                 |                 |
| according to    |           |                 |                 |
| whether the UE  |           |                 |                 |
| is a            |           |                 |                 |
| 'simplified 8Rx |           |                 |                 |
| receiver' or    |           |                 |                 |
| 'baseline 8Rx   |           |                 |                 |
| receiver' are   |           |                 |                 |
| specified in    |           |                 |                 |
| Table           |           |                 |                 |
| 5.1.1.3-1.*     |           |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+-----------------+

#### 5.1.1.3 Applicability of requirements for optional UE features

The performance requirements in Table 5.1.1.3-1 shall apply for UEs
which support optional UE features only.

Table 5.1.1.3-1: Requirements applicability for optional UE features

+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| UE           | Test type | Test list | A            |              |
| featur       |           |           | pplicability |              |
| e/capability |           |           | notes        |              |
| \[14\]       |           |           |              |              |
+==============+===========+===========+==============+==============+
| SU-MIMO      | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
| Interference |           |           | 5.2.2.1.1    |              |
| Mitigation   |           |           | (Test 3-1)   |              |
| advanced     |           |           |              |              |
| receiver     |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.1.1    |              |
|              |           |           | (Test 5-1)   |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.1    |              |
|              |           |           | (Test 3-1)   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.1    |              |
|              |           |           | (Test 5-1)   |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| Alternative  | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
| additional   |           |           | 5.2.2.1.4    |              |
| DMRS         |           |           | (Test 1-2)   |              |
| position for |           |           |              |              |
| co-existence |           |           | Clause       |              |
| with LTE CRS |           |           | 5.2.3.1.4    |              |
| (            |           |           | (Test 1-2)   |              |
| *additionalD |           |           |              |              |
| MRS-DL-Alt)* |           |           |              |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.4    |              |
|              |           |           | (Test 1-2)   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.4    |              |
|              |           |           | (Test 1-2)   |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| Basic DL     | NR CA     | SDR       | Clause       | 1\) Up to 16 |
| NR-NR CA     |           |           | 5.5A.1       | DL carriers  |
| operation    |           |           |              |              |
| (*suppor     |           |           |              | 2\) Same     |
| tedBandCombi |           |           |              | numerology   |
| nationList*) |           |           |              | across       |
|              |           |           |              | carrier for  |
|              |           |           |              | data/control |
|              |           |           |              | channel at a |
|              |           |           |              | given time   |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| Enhanced     | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
| demodulation |           |           | 5.2.2.1.9    |              |
| processing   |           |           | (Test 1-1)   |              |
| for HST-SFN  |           |           |              |              |
| joint        |           |           | Clause       |              |
| transmission |           |           | 5.2.3.1.9    |              |
| scheme with  |           |           | (Test 1-1)   |              |
| velocity up  |           |           |              |              |
| to 500km/h   |           |           |              |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.9    |              |
|              |           |           | (Test 1-1)   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.9    |              |
|              |           |           | (Test 1-1)   |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| Single DCI   | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
| based SDM    |           |           | 5.2.2.1.11   |              |
| transmission |           |           |              |              |
| for          |           |           | Clause       |              |
| multi-TRxP   |           |           | 5.2.3.1.11   |              |
| (s           |           |           |              |              |
| ingleDCI-SDM |           |           |              |              |
| -scheme-r16) |           |           |              |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.11   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.11   |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| Multi DCI    | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
| based        |           |           | 5.2.2.1.12   |              |
| multi-TRxP   |           |           |              |              |
| support      |           |           | Clause       |              |
| (multiDCI-M  |           |           | 5.2.3.1.12   |              |
| ultiTRP-r16) |           |           |              |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.12   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.12   |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| Single DCI   | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
| based FDM    |           |           | 5.2.2.1.13   |              |
| Scheme-A for |           |           |              |              |
| multi-TRxP   |           |           | Clause       |              |
| (supportFDM- |           |           | 5.2.3.1.13   |              |
| SchemeA-r16) |           |           |              |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.13   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.13   |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| Single DCI   | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
| based        |           |           | 5.2.2.1.14   |              |
| inter-slot   |           |           |              |              |
| TDM for      |           |           | Clause       |              |
| multi-TRxP   |           |           | 5.2.3.1.14   |              |
| (s           |           |           |              |              |
| upportInter- |           |           |              |              |
| slotTDM-r16) |           |           |              |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.14   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.14   |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| Maximum      | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       | The          |
| number of    |           |           | 5.2.2.1.14   | requirements |
| TCI states   |           |           |              | apply only   |
| in           |           |           | Clause       | when         |
| Single-DCI   |           |           | 5.2.3.1.14   | maxNumberTC  |
| based        |           |           |              | I-states-r16 |
| inter-slot   |           |           |              | = 2.         |
| TDM          |           |           |              |              |
| (            |           |           |              |              |
| maxNumberTCI |           |           |              |              |
| -states-r16) |           |           |              |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.14   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.14   |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| Alternative  | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
| 64QAM MCS    |           |           | 5.2.2.1.5    |              |
| table for    |           |           |              |              |
| PDSCHNew     |           |           | Clause       |              |
| 64QAM MCS    |           |           | 5.2.3.1.5    |              |
| table for    |           |           |              |              |
| PDSCH        |           |           | Clause       |              |
| (            |           |           | 5.2.2.1.6    |              |
| *dl-64QAM-MC |           |           |              |              |
| S-TableAlt*) |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.1.6    |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.5    |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.5    |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.6    |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.6    |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| CQI table    | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
| with target  |           |           | 5.2.2.1.5    |              |
| BLER of      |           |           |              |              |
| 10\^-5New    |           |           | Clause       |              |
| CQI table    |           |           | 5.2.3.1.5    |              |
| (c           |           |           |              |              |
| qi-TableAlt) |           |           |              |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.5    |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.5    |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| PDSCH        | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
| repetitions  |           |           | 5.2.2.1.6    |              |
| over         |           |           |              |              |
| multiple     |           |           | Clause       |              |
| slots        |           |           | 5.2.3.1.6    |              |
| *(pdsc       |           |           |              |              |
| h-Repetition |           |           |              |              |
| MultiSlots)* |           |           |              |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.6    |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.6    |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| UE PDSCH     | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
| processing   |           |           | 5.2.2.1.7    |              |
| capability   |           |           |              |              |
| \#2          |           |           | Clause       |              |
| *            |           |           | 5.2.3.1.7    |              |
| (pdsch-Proce |           |           |              |              |
| ssingType2)* |           |           |              |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.7    |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.7    |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| Pre-emption  | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
| indication   |           |           | 5.2.2.1.8    |              |
| for DL       |           |           |              |              |
| *            |           |           | Clause       |              |
| (pre-EmptInd |           |           | 5.2.3.1.8    |              |
| ication-DL)* |           |           |              |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.8    |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.8    |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| 1024QAM      | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
| modulation   |           |           | 5.2.2.1.1    |              |
| for PDSCH    |           |           | (Test 1-8)   |              |
| for FR1      |           |           |              |              |
| (pdsch-102   |           |           | Clause       |              |
| 4QAM-FR1-r17 |           |           | 5.2.3.1.1    |              |
| or           |           |           | (Test 1-8)   |              |
| *pdsch       |           |           |              |              |
| -1024QAM-2MI |           |           |              |              |
| MO-FR1-r17*) |           |           |              |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.1    |              |
|              |           |           | (Test 1-12)  |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.1    |              |
|              |           |           | (Test 1-12)  |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              |           | SDR       | Clause 5.5.1 | 1024QAM MCS  |
|              |           |           |              | indexes are  |
|              |           |           | Clause       | used only if |
|              |           |           | 5.5A.1       | UE supports  |
|              |           |           |              | 1024QAM for  |
|              |           |           |              | FR1 DL.      |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| DRX          | FR1 FDD   | PDCCH     | Clause       | If the Test  |
| Adaptation   |           |           | 5.3.2.1.3    | 1-1 in       |
| (*drx-adap   |           |           |              | Clause       |
| tation-r16*) |           |           |              | 5.3.2.1.3 is |
|              |           |           |              | passed, the  |
|              |           |           |              | test         |
|              |           |           |              | coverage can |
|              |           |           |              | be           |
|              |           |           |              | considered   |
|              |           |           |              | fulfilled    |
|              |           |           |              | without      |
|              |           |           |              | executing    |
|              |           |           |              | Test 1-3 in  |
|              |           |           |              | clause       |
|              |           |           |              | 5.3.2.1.1.   |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDCCH     | Clause       | If the Test  |
|              |           |           | 5.3.2.2.3    | 1-1 in       |
|              |           |           |              | Clause       |
|              |           |           |              | 5.3.2.2.3 is |
|              |           |           |              | passed, the  |
|              |           |           |              | test         |
|              |           |           |              | coverage can |
|              |           |           |              | be           |
|              |           |           |              | considered   |
|              |           |           |              | fulfilled    |
|              |           |           |              | without      |
|              |           |           |              | executing    |
|              |           |           |              | Test 1-2 in  |
|              |           |           |              | clause       |
|              |           |           |              | 5.3.2.2.1.   |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 FDD   | PDCCH     | Clause       | If the Test  |
|              |           |           | 5.3.3.1.3    | 1-1 in       |
|              |           |           |              | Clause       |
|              |           |           |              | 5.3.3.1.3 is |
|              |           |           |              | passed, the  |
|              |           |           |              | test         |
|              |           |           |              | coverage can |
|              |           |           |              | be           |
|              |           |           |              | considered   |
|              |           |           |              | fulfilled    |
|              |           |           |              | without      |
|              |           |           |              | executing    |
|              |           |           |              | Test 1-3 in  |
|              |           |           |              | clause       |
|              |           |           |              | 5.3.3.1.1.   |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDCCH     | Clause       | If the Test  |
|              |           |           | 5.3.3.2.3    | 1-1 in       |
|              |           |           |              | Clause       |
|              |           |           |              | 5.3.3.2.3 is |
|              |           |           |              | passed, the  |
|              |           |           |              | test         |
|              |           |           |              | coverage can |
|              |           |           |              | be           |
|              |           |           |              | considered   |
|              |           |           |              | fulfilled    |
|              |           |           |              | without      |
|              |           |           |              | executing    |
|              |           |           |              | Test 1-2 in  |
|              |           |           |              | clause       |
|              |           |           |              | 5.3.3.2.1.   |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| Support of   | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       | UE can       |
| neighboring  |           |           | 5.2.2.1.18   | support the  |
| LTE cell     |           |           |              | feature on   |
| CRS-IM in    |           |           | Clause       | the CC(s) in |
| DSS scenario |           |           | 5.2.3.1.17   | a band only  |
| with NR 15   |           |           |              | if the UE    |
| kHz SCS (    |           |           |              | indicates    |
| CRS-IM-DSS-1 |           |           |              | support of   |
| 5kHzSCS-r17) |           |           |              | rateMat      |
|              |           |           |              | chingLTE-CRS |
|              |           |           |              | on that      |
|              |           |           |              | band.        |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.19   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.18   |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| Support of   | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       | The UE can   |
| neighboring  |           |           | 5.2.2.1.19   | perform      |
| LTE cell     |           |           | (Test 2-1)   | CRS-IM when  |
| CRS-IM in    |           |           |              | Mea          |
| non-DSS and  |           |           | Clause       | sObjectEUTRA |
| 15 kHz NR    |           |           | 5.2.3.1.18   | IE is        |
| SCS          |           |           | (Test 2-1)   | configured,  |
| scenario,    |           |           |              | and the      |
| without the  |           |           |              | configured   |
| assistance   |           |           |              | measurement  |
| of network   |           |           |              | gaps overlap |
| signalling   |           |           |              | with         |
| on LTE       |           |           |              | neighbour    |
| channel      |           |           |              | LTE cell     |
| bandwidth    |           |           |              | PBCH         |
| (CRS         |           |           |              | position.    |
| -IM-nonDSS-1 |           |           |              |              |
| 5kHzSCS-r17) |           |           |              |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.20   |              |
|              |           |           | (Test 2-1)   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.19   |              |
|              |           |           | (Test 2-1)   |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| Support of   | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       | If the Test  |
| neighboring  |           |           | 5.2.2.1.19   | 2-1 in       |
| LTE cell     |           |           | (Test 1-1)   | Clause       |
| CRS-IM in    |           |           |              | 5.2.2.1.19   |
| non-DSS and  |           |           | Clause       | is passed,   |
| 15 kHz NR    |           |           | 5.2.3.1.18   | the test     |
| SCS          |           |           | (Test 1-1)   | coverage can |
| scenario,    |           |           |              | be           |
| with the     |           |           |              | considered   |
| assistance   |           |           |              | fulfilled    |
| of network   |           |           |              | without      |
| signalling   |           |           |              | executing    |
| on LTE       |           |           |              | Test 1-1 in  |
| channel      |           |           |              | clause       |
| bandwidth    |           |           |              | 5.2.2.1.19.  |
| (CRS-IM-     |           |           |              |              |
| nonDSS-NWA-1 |           |           |              | If the Test  |
| 5kHzSCS-r17) |           |           |              | 2-1 in       |
|              |           |           |              | Clause       |
|              |           |           |              | 5.2.3.1.18   |
|              |           |           |              | is passed,   |
|              |           |           |              | the test     |
|              |           |           |              | coverage can |
|              |           |           |              | be           |
|              |           |           |              | considered   |
|              |           |           |              | fulfilled    |
|              |           |           |              | without      |
|              |           |           |              | executing    |
|              |           |           |              | Test 1-1 in  |
|              |           |           |              | clause       |
|              |           |           |              | 5.2.3.1.18.  |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       | If the Test  |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.20   | 2-1 in       |
|              |           |           | (Test 1-1)   | Clause       |
|              |           |           |              | 5.2.2.2.20   |
|              |           |           | Clause       | is passed,   |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.19   | the test     |
|              |           |           | (Test 1-1)   | coverage can |
|              |           |           |              | be           |
|              |           |           |              | considered   |
|              |           |           |              | fulfilled    |
|              |           |           |              | without      |
|              |           |           |              | executing    |
|              |           |           |              | Test 1-1 in  |
|              |           |           |              | clause       |
|              |           |           |              | 5.2.2.2.20.  |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           |              | If the Test  |
|              |           |           |              | 2-1 in       |
|              |           |           |              | Clause       |
|              |           |           |              | 5.2.3.2.19   |
|              |           |           |              | is passed,   |
|              |           |           |              | the test     |
|              |           |           |              | coverage can |
|              |           |           |              | be           |
|              |           |           |              | considered   |
|              |           |           |              | fulfilled    |
|              |           |           |              | without      |
|              |           |           |              | executing    |
|              |           |           |              | Test 1-1 in  |
|              |           |           |              | clause       |
|              |           |           |              | 5.2.3.2.19.  |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| CRS-IM in    | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       | The UE can   |
| non-DSS and  |           |           | 5.2.2.2.20   | perform      |
| 30 kHz NR    |           |           | (Test 2-2)   | CRS-IM when  |
| SCS          |           |           |              | Mea          |
| scenario,    |           |           | Clause       | sObjectEUTRA |
| without the  |           |           | 5.2.3.2.19   | IE is        |
| assistance   |           |           | (Test 2-2)   | configured,  |
| of network   |           |           |              | and the      |
| signalling   |           |           |              | configured   |
| on LTE       |           |           |              | measurement  |
| channel      |           |           |              | gaps overlap |
| bandwidth    |           |           |              | with         |
| (crs         |           |           |              | neighbour    |
| -IM-nonDSS-3 |           |           |              | LTE cell     |
| 0kHzSCS-r17) |           |           |              | PBCH         |
|              |           |           |              | position.    |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| CRS-IM in    | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       | If the Test  |
| non-DSS and  |           |           | 5.2.2.2.20   | 2-2 in       |
| 30 kHz NR    |           |           | (Test 1-2)   | Clause       |
| SCS          |           |           |              | 5.2.2.2.20   |
| scenario,    |           |           | Clause       | is passed,   |
| with the     |           |           | 5.2.3.2.19   | the test     |
| assistance   |           |           | (Test 1-2)   | coverage can |
| of network   |           |           |              | be           |
| signalling   |           |           |              | considered   |
| on LTE       |           |           |              | fulfilled    |
| channel      |           |           |              | without      |
| bandwidth    |           |           |              | executing    |
| (crs-IM-     |           |           |              | Test 1-2 in  |
| nonDSS-NWA-3 |           |           |              | clause       |
| 0kHzSCS-r17) |           |           |              | 5.2.2.2.20.  |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           |              | If the Test  |
|              |           |           |              | 2-2 in       |
|              |           |           |              | Clause       |
|              |           |           |              | 5.2.3.2.19   |
|              |           |           |              | is passed,   |
|              |           |           |              | the test     |
|              |           |           |              | coverage can |
|              |           |           |              | be           |
|              |           |           |              | considered   |
|              |           |           |              | fulfilled    |
|              |           |           |              | without      |
|              |           |           |              | executing    |
|              |           |           |              | Test 1-2 in  |
|              |           |           |              | clause       |
|              |           |           |              | 5.2.3.2.19.  |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| Support for  | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
| SFN scheme A |           |           | 5.2.2.1.20   |              |
| for PDCCH    |           |           |              |              |
| scheduling   |           |           | Clause       |              |
| SFN Scheme A |           |           | 5.2.3.1.19   |              |
| PDSCH        |           |           |              |              |
| (sfn-        |           |           |              |              |
| SchemeA-r17) |           |           |              |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.21   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.20   |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| Support for  | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
| SFN scheme B |           |           | 5.2.2.1.21   |              |
| for PDCCH    |           |           |              |              |
| scheduling   |           |           | Clause       |              |
| SFN Scheme B |           |           | 5.2.3.1.20   |              |
| PDSCH        |           |           |              |              |
| (sfn-        |           |           |              |              |
| SchemeB-r17) |           |           |              |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.22   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.21   |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| Support for  | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       | If the Test  |
| MU-MIMO      |           |           | 5.2.2.1.16   | 2-2 in       |
| Interference |           |           | (Test 2-1)   | Clause       |
| Mitigation   |           |           |              | 5.2.2.1.16   |
| advanced     |           |           | Clause       | is passed,   |
| receiver     |           |           | 5.2.3.1.16   | the test     |
| (R-ML), when |           |           | (Test 3-1,   | coverage can |
| co-scheduled |           |           | Test 4-1)    | be           |
| UE(s)'       |           |           |              | considered   |
| modulation   |           |           |              | fulfilled    |
| order is     |           |           |              | without      |
| explicitly   |           |           |              | executing    |
| signalled by |           |           |              | Test 2-1 in  |
| DCI index    |           |           |              | clause       |
| 1-5 in Table |           |           |              | 5.2.2.1.16.  |
| 7.3.1.2.2-12 |           |           |              |              |
| of TS38.212  |           |           |              | If the Test  |
| \[10\].      |           |           |              | 3-2 in       |
| (            |           |           |              | Clause       |
| advReceiver- |           |           |              | 5.2.3.1.16   |
| MU-MIMO-r18) |           |           |              | is passed,   |
|              |           |           |              | the test     |
|              |           |           |              | coverage can |
|              |           |           |              | be           |
|              |           |           |              | considered   |
|              |           |           |              | fulfilled    |
|              |           |           |              | without      |
|              |           |           |              | executing    |
|              |           |           |              | Test 3-1 in  |
|              |           |           |              | clause       |
|              |           |           |              | 5.2.3.1.16.  |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           |              | If the Test  |
|              |           |           |              | 4-2 in       |
|              |           |           |              | Clause       |
|              |           |           |              | 5.2.3.1.16   |
|              |           |           |              | is passed,   |
|              |           |           |              | the test     |
|              |           |           |              | coverage can |
|              |           |           |              | be           |
|              |           |           |              | considered   |
|              |           |           |              | fulfilled    |
|              |           |           |              | without      |
|              |           |           |              | executing    |
|              |           |           |              | Test 4-1 in  |
|              |           |           |              | clause       |
|              |           |           |              | 5.2.3.1.16.  |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       | If the Test  |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.17   | 2-2 in       |
|              |           |           |              | Clause       |
|              |           |           | (Test 2-1)   | 5.2.2.2.17   |
|              |           |           |              | is passed,   |
|              |           |           | Clause       | the test     |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.17   | coverage can |
|              |           |           |              | be           |
|              |           |           | (Test 3-1,   | considered   |
|              |           |           | Test 4-1)    | fulfilled    |
|              |           |           |              | without      |
|              |           |           |              | executing    |
|              |           |           |              | Test 2-1 in  |
|              |           |           |              | clause       |
|              |           |           |              | 5.2.2.2.17.  |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           |              | If the Test  |
|              |           |           |              | 3-2 in       |
|              |           |           |              | Clause       |
|              |           |           |              | 5.2.3.2.17   |
|              |           |           |              | is passed,   |
|              |           |           |              | the test     |
|              |           |           |              | coverage can |
|              |           |           |              | be           |
|              |           |           |              | considered   |
|              |           |           |              | fulfilled    |
|              |           |           |              | without      |
|              |           |           |              | executing    |
|              |           |           |              | Test 3-1 in  |
|              |           |           |              | clause       |
|              |           |           |              | 5.2.3.2.17.  |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           |              | If the Test  |
|              |           |           |              | 4-2 in       |
|              |           |           |              | Clause       |
|              |           |           |              | 5.2.3.2.17   |
|              |           |           |              | is passed,   |
|              |           |           |              | the test     |
|              |           |           |              | coverage can |
|              |           |           |              | be           |
|              |           |           |              | considered   |
|              |           |           |              | fulfilled    |
|              |           |           |              | without      |
|              |           |           |              | executing    |
|              |           |           |              | Test 4-1 in  |
|              |           |           |              | clause       |
|              |           |           |              | 5.2.3.2.17.  |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| Support for  | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       | Test 4-2 is  |
| MU-MIMO      |           |           | 5.2.2.1.16   | only         |
| Interference |           |           |              | applicable   |
| Mitigation   |           |           | (Test 2-2)   | for UE       |
| advanced     |           |           |              | supporting   |
| receiver     |           |           | Clause       | 'MU-MIMO     |
| with         |           |           | 5.2.3.1.16   | Interference |
| modulation   |           |           |              | Mitigation   |
| order        |           |           | (Test 3-2,   | advanced     |
| detection or |           |           | Test 4-2)    | receiver     |
| MU-MIMO      |           |           |              | with         |
| Interference |           |           |              | modulation   |
| Mitigation   |           |           |              | order        |
| advanced     |           |           |              | detection    |
| receiver     |           |           |              | Enh' in      |
| with         |           |           |              | TS38.306     |
| modulation   |           |           |              | \[14\].      |
| order        |           |           |              |              |
| detection    |           |           |              |              |
| Enh in       |           |           |              |              |
| 38.306       |           |           |              |              |
| \[14\]       |           |           |              |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.17   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | (Test 2-2)   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.17   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | (Test 3-2,   |              |
|              |           |           | Test 4-2)    |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| Baseline     | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
| SU-MIMO 8Rx  |           |           | 5.2          |              |
| receiver     |           |           | .4.1.1(Tests |              |
|              |           |           | 1-1,3-1)     |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2          |              |
|              |           |           | .4.2.1(Tests |              |
|              |           |           | 1-1,3-1)     |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| Simplified   | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
| SU-MIMO 8Rx  |           |           | 5.2          |              |
| receiver     |           |           | .4.1.1(Tests |              |
|              |           |           | 2-1,4-1)     |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2          |              |
|              |           |           | .4.2.1(Tests |              |
|              |           |           | 2-1,4-1)     |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| Support for  | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
| enhanced     |           |           | 5.2.2.1.1    |              |
| DMRS         |           |           | (Test 2-3)   |              |
| (*pdsch-Type |           |           |              |              |
| A-DMRS-r18*) |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.1.1    |              |
|              |           |           | (Test 4-2)   |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.1    |              |
|              |           |           | (Test 2-3)   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.1    |              |
|              |           |           | (Test 4-2)   |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+

#### 5.1.1.4 Applicability of requirements for mandatory UE features with capability signalling

The performance requirements in Table 5.1.1.4-1 shall apply for UEs
which support mandatory UE features with capability signalling only.

Table 5.1.1.4-1: Requirements applicability for mandatory features with
UE capability signalling

+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| UE           | Test type | Test list | A            |              |
| featur       |           |           | pplicability |              |
| e/capability |           |           | notes        |              |
| \[14\]       |           |           |              |              |
+==============+===========+===========+==============+==============+
| 256QAM       | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
| modulation   |           |           | 5.2.2.1.1    |              |
| scheme for   |           |           | (Test 1-3)   |              |
| PDSCH for    |           |           |              |              |
| FR1          |           |           | Clause       |              |
| (*pdsch-     |           |           | 5.2.3.1.1    |              |
| 256QAM-FR1*) |           |           | (Test 1-3)   |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.1    |              |
|              |           |           | (Test 1-3)   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.1    |              |
|              |           |           | (Test 1-3)   |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| PDSCH        | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
| mapping type |           |           | 5.2.2.1.3    |              |
| B            |           |           |              |              |
| (*pdsch-Ma   |           |           | Clause       |              |
| ppingTypeB*) |           |           | 5.2.3.1.3    |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.1.7    |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.1.7    |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.3    |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.3    |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.7    |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.7    |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| R            | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       | For UEs      |
| ate-matching |           |           | 5.2.2.1.4    | supporting   |
| around LTE   |           |           |              | "Alternative |
| CRS          |           |           | Clause       | additional   |
| (rateMatc    |           |           | 5.2.3.1.4    | DMRS         |
| hingLTE-CRS) |           |           |              | position for |
|              |           |           |              | co-existence |
|              |           |           |              | with LTE     |
|              |           |           |              | CRS", if     |
|              |           |           |              | Test 1-2 is  |
|              |           |           |              | tested, the  |
|              |           |           |              | test         |
|              |           |           |              | coverage can |
|              |           |           |              | be           |
|              |           |           |              | considered   |
|              |           |           |              | fulfilled    |
|              |           |           |              | without      |
|              |           |           |              | executing    |
|              |           |           |              | Test 1-1.    |
|              |           |           |              | Otherwise,   |
|              |           |           |              | only Test    |
|              |           |           |              | 1-1 is       |
|              |           |           |              | tested.      |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.4    |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.4    |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| Supported    | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       | The          |
| maximum      |           |           | 5.2.2.1.4    | requirements |
| number of    |           |           | (Tests 1-1,  | apply only   |
| ports across |           |           | 1-2)         | in case the  |
| all          |           |           |              | number of    |
| configured   |           |           | Claus        | NZP-CSI-RS   |
| NZP-CSI-RS   |           |           | e 5.2.2.1.19 | ports in the |
| resources    |           |           | (Tests 1-1,  | test case    |
| per CC       |           |           | 2-1)         | satisfies UE |
|              |           |           |              | capability   |
| (maxConf     |           |           | Clause       | on maximum   |
| igNumberPort |           |           | 5.2.3.1.1    | number of    |
| sAcrossNZP-C |           |           | (Tests 3-1,  | NZP-CSI-RS   |
| SI-RS-PerCC) |           |           | 4-1, 5-1,    | ports        |
|              |           |           | 4-2)         |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.1.4    |              |
|              |           |           | (Tests 1-1,  |              |
|              |           |           | 1-2)         |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.1.16   |              |
|              |           |           | (Test 3-1,   |              |
|              |           |           | 3-2, 4-1,    |              |
|              |           |           | 4-2)         |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Claus        |              |
|              |           |           | e 5.2.3.1.18 |              |
|              |           |           | (Tests 1-1,  |              |
|              |           |           | 2-1)         |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.4.1.1    |              |
|              |           |           | (Tests 3-1,  |              |
|              |           |           | 4-1, 5-1)    |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Claus        |              |
|              |           |           | e 5.2.2.2.19 |              |
|              |           |           | (Test 1-1)   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Claus        |              |
|              |           |           | e 5.2.2.2.20 |              |
|              |           |           | (Tests 1-1,  |              |
|              |           |           | 1-2, 2-1,    |              |
|              |           |           | 2-2)         |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.1    |              |
|              |           |           | (Tests 3-1,  |              |
|              |           |           | 4-1, 5-1,    |              |
|              |           |           | 4-2)         |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.17   |              |
|              |           |           | (Test 2-1,   |              |
|              |           |           | 4-1, 4-2)    |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Claus        |              |
|              |           |           | e 5.2.3.2.18 |              |
|              |           |           | (Test 1-1)   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Claus        |              |
|              |           |           | e 5.2.3.2.19 |              |
|              |           |           | (Tests 1-1,  |              |
|              |           |           | 1-2, 2-1,    |              |
|              |           |           | 2-2)         |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.4.2.1    |              |
|              |           |           | (Tests 3-1,  |              |
|              |           |           | 4-1, 5-1)    |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| Supported    | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       | The          |
| maximum      |           |           | 5.2.2.1.1    | requirements |
| number of    |           |           | (Tests 2-1,  | apply only   |
| PDSCH MIMO   |           |           | 2-2, 2-3,    | in case the  |
| layers       |           |           | 3-1)         | PDSCH MIMO   |
| (*max        |           |           |              | rank in the  |
| NumberMIMO-L |           |           | Clause       | test case    |
| ayersPDSCH*) |           |           | 5.2.2.1.2    | does not     |
|              |           |           |              | exceed UE    |
|              |           |           | Clause       | PDSCH MIMO   |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.1.1    | layers       |
|              |           |           | (Tests 2-1,  | capability   |
|              |           |           | 2-2, 3-1,    |              |
|              |           |           | 4-1, 5-1,    |              |
|              |           |           | 4-2)         |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.1.2    |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.4.1.1    |              |
|              |           |           | (Tests 1-1,  |              |
|              |           |           | 2-1, 3-1,    |              |
|              |           |           | 4-1, 5-1)    |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.1    |              |
|              |           |           | (Tests 2-1,  |              |
|              |           |           | 2-2, 2-3,    |              |
|              |           |           | 3-1)         |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.2    |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.1    |              |
|              |           |           | (Tests 2-1,  |              |
|              |           |           | 2-2, 3-1,    |              |
|              |           |           | 4-1, 5-1,    |              |
|              |           |           | 4-2)         |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.2    |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.4.2.1    |              |
|              |           |           | (Tests 1-1,  |              |
|              |           |           | 2-1, 3-1,    |              |
|              |           |           | 4-1, 5-1)    |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| Support      | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       | The          |
| number of    |           |           | 5.2.2.1.10   | requirements |
| active TCI   |           |           | (Test 1-2)   | apply only   |
| states per   |           |           |              | when         |
| BWP per CC,  |           |           | Clause       | *ma          |
| including    |           |           | 5.2.3.1.10   | xNumberActiv |
| control and  |           |           | (Test 1-2)   | eTCI-PerBWP* |
| data         |           |           |              | is other     |
| *(max        |           |           |              | than n1.     |
| NumberActive |           |           |              |              |
| TCI-PerBWP)* |           |           |              |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.10   |              |
|              |           |           | (Test 1-2)   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.10   |              |
|              |           |           | (Test 1-2)   |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
| Support for  | FR1 FDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       | The          |
| maximum      |           |           | 5.2.2.1.10   | requirements |
| number of    |           |           | (Test 1-2)   | apply only   |
| TRS resource |           |           |              | when         |
| sets per CC  |           |           | Clause       | *maxSimul    |
| which the UE |           |           | 5.2.3.1.10   | taneousResou |
| can track    |           |           | (Test 1-2)   | rceSetsPerCC |
| si           |           |           |              | ≥ 2*         |
| multaneously |           |           | Clause       |              |
| (*maxSimulta |           |           | 5.2.2.1.11   |              |
| neousResourc |           |           |              |              |
| eSetsPerCC)* |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.1.12   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.1.13   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.1.14   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.1.11   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.1.12   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.1.13   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.1.14   |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+
|              | FR1 TDD   | PDSCH     | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.10   |              |
|              |           |           | (Test 1-2)   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.10   |              |
|              |           |           | (Test 1-2)   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.11   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.12   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.13   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.2.2.14   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.11   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.12   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.13   |              |
|              |           |           |              |              |
|              |           |           | Clause       |              |
|              |           |           | 5.2.3.2.14   |              |
+--------------+-----------+-----------+--------------+--------------+

#### 5.1.1.5 Applicability of CA requirements

##### 5.1.1.5.1 Definition of CA capability

The definition with respect to CA capabilities is given as in Table
5.1.1.5.1-1.

Table 5.1.1.5.1-1: Definition of CA capability

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  CA Capability                                                                                                                      CA Capability Description
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------
  CA\_C                                                                                                                              Intra-band contiguous CA

  CA\_N                                                                                                                              Intra-band non-contiguous CA

  CA\_AX                                                                                                                             Inter-band CA (X bands)

  NOTE 1: CA\_C corresponds to NR CA configurations and bandwidth combination sets defined in Section 5.5A.1 of TS 38.101-1\[2\].\   
  CA\_N corresponds to NR CA configurations and bandwidth combination sets defined in Section 5.5A.2 of TS 38.101-1\[2\].\           
  CA\_AX corresponds to NR CA configurations and bandwidth combination sets defined in Section 5.5A.3 of TS 38.101-1\[2\].           
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

##### 5.1.1.5.2 Applicability and test rules for different CA configurations and bandwidth combination sets

The performance requirement for CA UE demodulation tests in Section 5.2A
are defined independent of CA configurations and bandwidth combination
sets specified in Section 5.5A of TS 38.101-1\[2\]. For UEs supporting
different CA configurations and bandwidth combination sets, the
applicability and test rules are defined in Table 5.1.1.5.2-1 and Table
5.1.1.5.2-2. For simplicity, CA configuration below refers to
combination of CA configuration and bandwidth combination set.

Table 5.1.1.5.2-1: Applicability and test rules for CA UE demodulation
tests

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Tests       | CA          | CA          | CA          | PCell CC    |
|             | capability  | co          | Bandwidth   | co          |
|             | where the   | nfiguration | combination | nfiguration |
|             | tests apply | from the    | to be       |             |
|             |             | selected CA | tested in   |             |
|             |             | capability  | priority    |             |
|             |             | where the   | order       |             |
|             |             | tests apply |             |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| Test 1 in   | CA\_C,      | Table       | Largest     | Any of CCs  |
| Section     | CA\_N,      | 5.1.1.5.2-2 | aggregated  |             |
| 5.2A.2.1    | CA\_AX      |             | CA          |             |
| and         |             |             | bandwidth   |             |
| 5.2A.3.1    |             |             | combination |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Test 2 in   | CA\_C,      | Table       | Largest     | Any of CCs  |
| Section     | CA\_N,      | 5.1.1.5.2-2 | aggregated  |             |
| 5.2A.2.1    | CA\_AX      |             | CA          |             |
| and         |             |             | bandwidth   |             |
| 5.2A.3.1    |             |             | combination |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Test 3 in   | CA\_AX      | Table       | Largest     | TDD CC if   |
| Section     |             | 5.1.1.5.2-2 | aggregated  | supported,  |
| 5.2A.2.1    |             |             | CA          | otherwise   |
| and         |             |             | bandwidth   | FDD CC      |
| 5.2A.3.1    |             |             | combination |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Test 4 in   | CA\_AX      | Table       | Largest     | Any of CCs  |
| Section     |             | 5.1.1.5.2-2 | aggregated  |             |
| 5.2A.2.1    |             |             | CA          |             |
| and         |             |             | bandwidth   |             |
| 5.2A.3.1    |             |             | combination |             |
| (NOTE 2)    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Test 5 in   | CA\_AX      | Table       | Largest     | 15 kHz CC   |
| Section     |             | 5.1.1.5.2-2 | aggregated  | if          |
| 5.2A.2.1    |             |             | CA          | supported,  |
| and         |             |             | bandwidth   | otherwise   |
| 5.2A.3.1    |             |             | combination | 30 kHz CC   |
| (NOTE 3)    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NOTE 1: In  |             |             |             |             |
| case CA\_AX |             |             |             |             |
| with        |             |             |             |             |
| different   |             |             |             |             |
| number of X |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| supported   |             |             |             |             |
| then one or |             |             |             |             |
| two CA      |             |             |             |             |
| con         |             |             |             |             |
| figurations |             |             |             |             |
| are         |             |             |             |             |
| selected    |             |             |             |             |
| based on    |             |             |             |             |
| procedure   |             |             |             |             |
| from Table  |             |             |             |             |
| 5           |             |             |             |             |
| .1.1.5.2-2. |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 2:     |             |             |             |             |
| These       |             |             |             |             |
| scenarios   |             |             |             |             |
| are only    |             |             |             |             |
| tested for  |             |             |             |             |
| UEs which   |             |             |             |             |
| are not     |             |             |             |             |
| verified    |             |             |             |             |
| with Test 3 |             |             |             |             |
| in Section  |             |             |             |             |
| 5.2A.2.1    |             |             |             |             |
| and         |             |             |             |             |
| 5.2A.3.1    |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 3:     |             |             |             |             |
| These       |             |             |             |             |
| scenarios   |             |             |             |             |
| are only    |             |             |             |             |
| tested for  |             |             |             |             |
| UEs which   |             |             |             |             |
| are not     |             |             |             |             |
| verified    |             |             |             |             |
| with Test 4 |             |             |             |             |
| in Section  |             |             |             |             |
| 5.2A.2.1    |             |             |             |             |
| and         |             |             |             |             |
| 5.2A.3.1    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Table 5.1.1.5.2-2: Selection of CA configurations

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | Step 1      | Step 2      | Step 3      | Step 4      |
| capability  |             |             |             |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| CA\_C or    | Select the  | Select any  | N/A         | N/A         |
| CA\_N       | CA          | one of CA   |             |             |
|             | con         | conf        |             |             |
|             | figurations | igurations, |             |             |
|             | with the    | which       |             |             |
|             | maximum     | contain CA  |             |             |
|             | number of   | bandwidth   |             |             |
|             | CCs, for    | combination |             |             |
|             | which the   | with the    |             |             |
|             | supported   | largest     |             |             |
|             | maximum     | aggregated  |             |             |
|             | number of   | channel     |             |             |
|             | MIMO layers | bandwidth   |             |             |
|             | is not      | and         |             |             |
|             | lower than  | supported   |             |             |
|             | 2.          | maximum     |             |             |
|             |             | data rate   |             |             |
|             |             | is not      |             |             |
|             |             | lower than  |             |             |
|             |             | the tested  |             |             |
|             |             | date rate,  |             |             |
|             |             | among all   |             |             |
|             |             | the         |             |             |
|             |             | selected CA |             |             |
|             |             | con         |             |             |
|             |             | figurations |             |             |
|             |             | from Step   |             |             |
|             |             | 1.          |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_AX      | Select the  | Select any  | Select the  | Select any  |
|             | CA          | one of CA   | CA          | one of CA   |
|             | con         | conf        | con         | conf        |
|             | figurations | igurations, | figurations | igurations, |
|             | with the    | which       | with the    | which       |
|             | maximum     | contain CA  | largest     | contain CA  |
|             | number of   | bandwidth   | number of   | bandwidth   |
|             | CCs, for    | combination | bands and   | combination |
|             | which the   | with the    | with the    | with the    |
|             | supported   | largest     | maximum     | largest     |
|             | maximum     | aggregated  | number of   | aggregated  |
|             | number of   | channel     | CCs, for    | channel     |
|             | MIMO layers | bandwidth   | which the   | bandwidth   |
|             | is not      | and         | supported   | and         |
|             | lower than  | supported   | maximum     | supported   |
|             | 2.          | maximum     | number of   | maximum     |
|             |             | data rate   | MIMO layers | data rate   |
|             |             | is not      | is not      | is not      |
|             |             | lower than  | lower than  | lower than  |
|             |             | the tested  | 2.          | the tested  |
|             |             | date rate,  |             | date rate,  |
|             |             | among all   |             | among all   |
|             |             | the         |             | the         |
|             |             | selected CA |             | selected CA |
|             |             | con         |             | con         |
|             |             | figurations |             | figurations |
|             |             | from Step   |             | from Step   |
|             |             | 1.          |             | 3.          |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NOTE 1: For |             |             |             |             |
| CA\_AX      |             |             |             |             |
| capability, |             |             |             |             |
| if CA       |             |             |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
| from step 2 |             |             |             |             |
| is CA       |             |             |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
| with the    |             |             |             |             |
| largest     |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| bands then  |             |             |             |             |
| Step 3 and  |             |             |             |             |
| Step 4 are  |             |             |             |             |
| skipped.    |             |             |             |             |
| Otherwise,  |             |             |             |             |
| the two CA  |             |             |             |             |
| con         |             |             |             |             |
| figurations |             |             |             |             |
| selected    |             |             |             |             |
| from Step 2 |             |             |             |             |
| and Step 4  |             |             |             |             |
| are used    |             |             |             |             |
| for         |             |             |             |             |
| testing.    |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 2:     |             |             |             |             |
| Maximum     |             |             |             |             |
| supported   |             |             |             |             |
| data rate   |             |             |             |             |
| for Step 2  |             |             |             |             |
| and Step 4  |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| calculated  |             |             |             |             |
| based       |             |             |             |             |
| clause      |             |             |             |             |
| 4.1.2 of TS |             |             |             |             |
| 38.306      |             |             |             |             |
| \[14\].     |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 3:     |             |             |             |             |
| Tested data |             |             |             |             |
| rate for    |             |             |             |             |
| Step 2 and  |             |             |             |             |
| Step 4 is   |             |             |             |             |
| calculated  |             |             |             |             |
| based on    |             |             |             |             |
| the         |             |             |             |             |
| equation    |             |             |             |             |
| $\tex       |             |             |             |             |
| t{DataRate} |             |             |             |             |
|  = 10^{- 3} |             |             |             |             |
| \sum_{j = 1 |             |             |             |             |
| }^{J}{\text |             |             |             |             |
| {TBS}_{j}2^ |             |             |             |             |
| {\mu_{j}}}$ |             |             |             |             |
| and FRCs    |             |             |             |             |
| used in the |             |             |             |             |
| test.       |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

##### 5.1.1.5.3 Applicability rule and antenna connection for CA tests with 4 RX

Within the CA configuration if any of the PCell and/or the SCells is a
2Rx supported RF band, 2 out of the 4Rx should be connected with data
source from system simulator, depending on UE's declaration and AP
configuration. Requirements from Clause 5.2A.2.1 are applied.

Within the CA configuration if any of the PCell and/or the SCells is a
4Rx supported RF band, all 4Rx should be connected with data source from
system simulator. Requirements from Clause 5.2A.3.1 are applied.

For 4Rx capable UEs, the 2Rx supported RF bands and 4Rx supported RF
bands are up to UE's declaration.

##### 5.1.1.5.4 Applicability of different requirements for HST

The applicability rules for different HST requirements in section 5 are
specified in Table 5.1.1.5.4-1.

Table 5.1.1.5.4-1: Applicability of requirements for HST

+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| If UE    | UE can   | Appli    |          |       |          |   |
| has      | skip     | cability |          |       |          |   |
| passed   |          | notes    |          |       |          |   |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+=======+==========+===+
| Test     | Test     | Test     | Test     |       |          |   |
| type     | list     | type     | list     |       |          |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.2.4 |          |       | 5.2A.2.4 |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          | 3), and  |          |       | 2), and  |   |
|          |          | Clause   |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.2.5 |          |       | 5.2A.2.5 |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          | 1-2)     |          |       | 1-3)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.2.4 |          |       | 5.2A.2.4 |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          | 1), and  |          |       | 2), and  |   |
|          |          | Clause   |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.2.5 |          |       | 5.2A.2.5 |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          | 1-2)     |          |       | 1-1)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.3.4 |          |       | 5.2A.3.4 |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          | 3), and  |          |       | 2), and  |   |
|          |          | Clause   |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.3.5 |          |       | 5.2A.3.5 |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          | 1-2)     |          |       | 1-3),    |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.3.4 |          |       | 5.2A.3.4 |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          | 1), and  |          |       | 2), and  |   |
|          |          | Clause   |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.3.5 |          |       | 5.2A.3.5 |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          | 1-2)     |          |       | 1-1),    |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.2.5 |          |       | 5.2A.2.5 |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          | 1-3)     |          |       | 1-1)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.2.4 |          |       | 5.2A.2.4 |   |
|          |          | (Test 3) |          |       | (Test 1) |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.3.5 |          |       | 5.2A.3.5 |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          | 1-3)     |          |       | 1-1)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.3.4 |          |       | 5.2A.3.4 |   |
|          |          | (Test 3) |          |       | (Test 1) |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.2.4 |          |       | 5        |   |
|          |          | (Test 3) |          |       | .2.2.1.9 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-1),    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 5        |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | .2.2.2.1 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-11),   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       |          |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 5        |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | .2.2.2.9 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-1)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.2.5 |          |       | 5.       |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | 2.2.1.10 |   |
|          |          | 1-3)     |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-1),    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 5        |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | .2.2.2.1 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-11),   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       |          |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 5.       |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 2.2.2.10 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-1)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.2.4 |          |       | 5        |   |
|          |          | (Test 1) |          |       | .2.2.1.9 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-1)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.2.5 |          |       | 5.       |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | 2.2.1.10 |   |
|          |          | 1-1)     |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-1)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.2.4 |          |       | 5        |   |
|          |          | (Test 2) |          |       | .2.2.2.1 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-11),   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       |          |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 5        |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | .2.2.2.9 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-1)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.2.5 |          |       | 5        |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | .2.2.2.1 |   |
|          |          | 1-2)     |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-11),   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       |          |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 5.       |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 2.2.2.10 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-1)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.3.4 |          |       | 5        |   |
|          |          | (Test 3) |          |       | .2.3.1.9 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-1),    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 5        |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | .2.3.2.1 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-11),   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       |          |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 5        |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | .2.3.2.9 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-1)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.3.5 |          |       | 5.       |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | 2.3.1.10 |   |
|          |          | 1-3)     |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-1),    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 5        |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | .2.3.2.1 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-11),   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       |          |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 5.       |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 2.3.2.10 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-1)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.3.4 |          |       | 5        |   |
|          |          | (Test 1) |          |       | .2.3.1.9 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-1)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.3.5 |          |       | 5.       |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | 2.3.1.10 |   |
|          |          | 1-1)     |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-1)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.3.4 |          |       | 5        |   |
|          |          | (Test 2) |          |       | .2.3.2.1 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-11),   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       |          |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 5        |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | .2.3.2.9 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-1)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.3.5 |          |       | 5        |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | .2.3.2.1 |   |
|          |          | 1-2)     |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-11),   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       |          |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 5.       |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 2.3.2.10 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-1)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.2.5 |          |       | 5.2A.2.5 |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          | 2-1)     |          |       | 1-1)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.2.5 |          |       | 5.2A.2.5 |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          | 2-2)     |          |       | 1-2)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.2.5 |          |       | 5.2A.2.5 |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          | 2-3)     |          |       | 1-3)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.3.5 |          |       | 5.2A.3.5 |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          | 2-1)     |          |       | 1-1)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.3.5 |          |       | 5.2A.3.5 |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          | 2-2)     |          |       | 1-2)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.3.5 |          |       | 5.2A.3.5 |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          | 2-3)     |          |       | 1-3)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.2.4 |          |       | 5.2A.2.4 |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          | 3), and  |          |       | 2), and  |   |
|          |          | Clause   |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.2.5 |          |       | 5.2A.2.5 |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          | 2-2)     |          |       | 2-3)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.2.4 |          |       | 5.2A.2.4 |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          | 1), and  |          |       | 2), and  |   |
|          |          | Clause   |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.2.5 |          |       | 5.2A.2.5 |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          | 2-2)     |          |       | 2-1)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.3.4 |          |       | 5.2A.3.4 |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          | 3), and  |          |       | 2), and  |   |
|          |          | Clause   |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.3.5 |          |       | 5.2A.3.5 |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          | 2-2)     |          |       | 2-3),    |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.3.4 |          |       | 5.2A.3.4 |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          | 1), and  |          |       | 2), and  |   |
|          |          | Clause   |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.3.5 |          |       | 5.2A.3.5 |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          | 2-2)     |          |       | 2-1),    |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.2.5 |          |       | 5.2A.2.5 |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          | 2-3)     |          |       | 2-1)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.3.5 |          |       | 5.2A.3.5 |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          | 2-3)     |          |       | 2-1)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.2.5 |          |       | 5.       |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | 2.2.1.10 |   |
|          |          | 2-3)     |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-1),    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 5        |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | .2.2.2.1 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-11),   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       |          |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 5.       |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 2.2.2.10 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-1),    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       |          |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 5.       |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 2.2.1.10 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-2),    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       |          |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 5.       |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 2.2.2.10 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-2)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.2.5 |          |       | 5.       |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | 2.2.1.10 |   |
|          |          | 2-1)     |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-1),    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       |          |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 5.       |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 2.2.1.10 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-2)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 2Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.2.5 |          |       | 5        |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | .2.2.2.1 |   |
|          |          | 2-2)     |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-11),   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       |          |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 5.       |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 2.2.2.10 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-1),    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       |          |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 5.       |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 2.2.2.10 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-2)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.3.5 |          |       | 5.       |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | 2.3.1.10 |   |
|          |          | 2-3)     |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-1),    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 5        |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | .2.3.2.1 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-11),   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       |          |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 5.       |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 2.3.2.10 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-1),    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       |          |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 5.       |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 2.3.1.10 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-2),    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       |          |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 5.       |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 2.3.2.10 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-2)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.3.5 |          |       | 5.       |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | 2.3.1.10 |   |
|          |          | 2-1)     |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-1),    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       |          |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 5.       |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 2.3.1.10 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-2)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+
| FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH    | Clause   | FR1 4Rx  | PDSCH | Clause   |   |
|          |          | 5.2A.3.5 |          |       | 5        |   |
|          |          | (Test    |          |       | .2.3.2.1 |   |
|          |          | 2-2)     |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-11),   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       |          |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 5.       |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 2.3.2.10 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-1),    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       |          |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | Clause   |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 5.       |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 2.3.2.10 |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | (Test    |   |
|          |          |          |          |       | 1-2)     |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+----------+---+

##### 5.1.1.5.5 Applicability and test rules for different CA configurations and bandwidth combination sets for 8Rx UE

The performance requirement for CA UE demodulation tests for 8Rx UE in
Clause 5.2A.4 are defined independent of CA configurations and bandwidth
combination sets specified in Clause 5.5A of TS 38.101-1. For 8Rx UEs
supporting different CA configurations and bandwidth combination sets,
the applicability and test rules are defined in Table 5.1.1.5.5-1 and
Table 5.1.1.5.5-2. For simplicity, CA configuration below refers to
combination of CA configuration and bandwidth combination set.

Table 5.1.1.5.5-1: Applicability and test rules for CA UE demodulation
tests

  Tests                                                                                                                                                      CA capability where the tests apply   CA configuration from the selected CA capability where the tests apply   CA Bandwidth combination to be tested in priority order   PCell CC configuration
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
  \[Test 1 in Clause 5.2A.2.1, 5.2A.3.1 and 5.2A.4.1\]                                                                                                       CA\_C, CA\_N, CA\_AX                  Table 5.1.1.5.5-2                                                        Largest aggregated CA bandwidth combination               Any of CCs
  \[Test 2 in Clause 5.2A.2.1, 5.2A.3.1and 5.2A.4.1\]                                                                                                        CA\_C, CA\_N, CA\_AX                  Table 5.1.1.5.5-2                                                        Largest aggregated CA bandwidth combination               Any of CCs
  \[Test 3 in Clause 5.2A.2.1, 5.2A.3.1and 5.2A.4.1\]                                                                                                        CA\_AX                                Table 5.1.1.5.5-2                                                        Largest aggregated CA bandwidth combination               TDD CC if supported, otherwise FDD CC
  NOTE 1: In case CA\_AX with different number of X is supported then one or two CA configurations are selected based on procedure from Table 5.1.1.5.5-2.                                                                                                                                                                            

Table 5.1.1.5.5-2: Selection of CA configurations

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | Step 1      | Step 2      | Step 3      | Step 4      |
| capability  |             |             |             |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| CA\_C or    | If the UE   | Select any  | N/A         | N/A         |
| CA\_N       | supports CA | one of CA   |             |             |
|             | co          | conf        |             |             |
|             | nfiguration | igurations, |             |             |
|             | that for    | which       |             |             |
|             | each CC,    | contain CA  |             |             |
|             | supported   | bandwidth   |             |             |
|             | maximum     | combination |             |             |
|             | number of   | with the    |             |             |
|             | Rx and      | largest     |             |             |
|             | maximum     | aggregated  |             |             |
|             | number of   | channel     |             |             |
|             | MIMO layers | bandwidth   |             |             |
|             | is 8:       | and         |             |             |
|             |             | supported   |             |             |
|             | Select the  | maximum     |             |             |
|             | CA          | data rate   |             |             |
|             | con         | is not      |             |             |
|             | figurations | lower than  |             |             |
|             | with the    | the tested  |             |             |
|             | maximum     | date rate,  |             |             |
|             | number of   | among all   |             |             |
|             | CCs, for    | the         |             |             |
|             | which the   | selected CA |             |             |
|             | supported   | con         |             |             |
|             | maximum     | figurations |             |             |
|             | number of   | from Step   |             |             |
|             | Rx and MIMO | 1.          |             |             |
|             | layers is   |             |             |             |
|             | 8.          |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | Otherwise:  |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | Select the  |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | con         |             |             |             |
|             | figurations |             |             |             |
|             | with the    |             |             |             |
|             | maximum     |             |             |             |
|             | number of   |             |             |             |
|             | CCs,        |             |             |             |
|             | conditioned |             |             |             |
|             | that at     |             |             |             |
|             | least for   |             |             |             |
|             | one CC the  |             |             |             |
|             | supported   |             |             |             |
|             | maximum     |             |             |             |
|             | number of   |             |             |             |
|             | Rx is 8 and |             |             |             |
|             | for each CC |             |             |             |
|             | the         |             |             |             |
|             | supported   |             |             |             |
|             | maximum     |             |             |             |
|             | number of   |             |             |             |
|             | MIMO layers |             |             |             |
|             | is not      |             |             |             |
|             | lower than  |             |             |             |
|             | 2           |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_AX      | If the UE   | Select any  | If the      | Select any  |
|             | supports CA | one of CA   | tested UE   | one of CA   |
|             | co          | conf        | support CA  | conf        |
|             | nfiguration | igurations, | co          | igurations, |
|             | that for    | which       | nfiguration | which       |
|             | each CC,    | contain CA  | that for    | contain CA  |
|             | supported   | bandwidth   | each CC,    | bandwidth   |
|             | maximum     | combination | supported   | combination |
|             | number of   | with the    | maximum     | with the    |
|             | Rx and      | largest     | number of   | largest     |
|             | maximum     | aggregated  | Rx and      | aggregated  |
|             | number of   | channel     | maximum     | channel     |
|             | MIMO layers | bandwidth   | number of   | bandwidth   |
|             | is 8:       | and         | MIMO layers | and         |
|             |             | supported   | is 8:       | supported   |
|             | Select the  | maximum     |             | maximum     |
|             | CA          | data rate   | Select the  | data rate   |
|             | con         | is not      | CA          | is not      |
|             | figurations | lower than  | con         | lower than  |
|             | with the    | the tested  | figurations | the tested  |
|             | maximum     | date rate,  | with the    | date rate,  |
|             | number of   | among all   | largest     | among all   |
|             | CCs, for    | the         | number of   | the         |
|             | which the   | selected CA | bands and   | selected CA |
|             | supported   | con         | with the    | con         |
|             | maximum     | figurations | maximum     | figurations |
|             | number of   | from Step   | number of   | from Step   |
|             | Rx and MIMO | 1.          | CCs, for    | 3.          |
|             | layers is   |             | which the   |             |
|             | 8.          |             | supported   |             |
|             |             |             | maximum     |             |
|             | Otherwise:  |             | number of   |             |
|             |             |             | Rx and MIMO |             |
|             | Select the  |             | layers is   |             |
|             | CA          |             | 8.          |             |
|             | con         |             |             |             |
|             | figurations |             | Otherwise:  |             |
|             | with the    |             |             |             |
|             | maximum     |             | Select the  |             |
|             | number of   |             | CA          |             |
|             | CCs,        |             | con         |             |
|             | conditioned |             | figurations |             |
|             | that at     |             | with the    |             |
|             | least for   |             | largest     |             |
|             | one CC the  |             | number of   |             |
|             | supported   |             | bands and   |             |
|             | maximum     |             | with the    |             |
|             | number of   |             | maximum     |             |
|             | Rx is 8 and |             | number of   |             |
|             | for each CC |             | CCs,        |             |
|             | the         |             | conditioned |             |
|             | supported   |             | that at     |             |
|             | maximum     |             | least for   |             |
|             | number of   |             | one CC the  |             |
|             | MIMO layers |             | supported   |             |
|             | is not      |             | maximum     |             |
|             | lower than  |             | number of   |             |
|             | 2           |             | Rx is 8 and |             |
|             |             |             | for each CC |             |
|             |             |             | the         |             |
|             |             |             | supported   |             |
|             |             |             | maximum     |             |
|             |             |             | number of   |             |
|             |             |             | MIMO layers |             |
|             |             |             | is not      |             |
|             |             |             | lower than  |             |
|             |             |             | 2           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NOTE 1: For |             |             |             |             |
| CA\_AX      |             |             |             |             |
| capability, |             |             |             |             |
| if CA       |             |             |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
| from step 2 |             |             |             |             |
| is CA       |             |             |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
| with the    |             |             |             |             |
| largest     |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| bands then  |             |             |             |             |
| Step 3 and  |             |             |             |             |
| Step 4 are  |             |             |             |             |
| skipped.    |             |             |             |             |
| Otherwise,  |             |             |             |             |
| the two CA  |             |             |             |             |
| con         |             |             |             |             |
| figurations |             |             |             |             |
| selected    |             |             |             |             |
| from Step 2 |             |             |             |             |
| and Step 4  |             |             |             |             |
| are used    |             |             |             |             |
| for         |             |             |             |             |
| testing.    |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 2:     |             |             |             |             |
| Maximum     |             |             |             |             |
| supported   |             |             |             |             |
| data rate   |             |             |             |             |
| for Step 2  |             |             |             |             |
| and Step 4  |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| calculated  |             |             |             |             |
| based       |             |             |             |             |
| clause      |             |             |             |             |
| 4.1.2 of TS |             |             |             |             |
| 38.306      |             |             |             |             |
| \[14\].     |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 3:     |             |             |             |             |
| Tested data |             |             |             |             |
| rate for    |             |             |             |             |
| Step 2 and  |             |             |             |             |
| Step 4 is   |             |             |             |             |
| calculated  |             |             |             |             |
| based on    |             |             |             |             |
| the         |             |             |             |             |
| equation    |             |             |             |             |
| $\tex       |             |             |             |             |
| t{DataRate} |             |             |             |             |
|  = 10^{- 3} |             |             |             |             |
| \sum_{j = 1 |             |             |             |             |
| }^{J}{\text |             |             |             |             |
| {TBS}_{j}2^ |             |             |             |             |
| {\mu_{j}}}$ |             |             |             |             |
| and FRCs    |             |             |             |             |
| used in the |             |             |             |             |
| test.       |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

##### 5.1.1.5.6 Applicability rule and antenna connection for CA tests with 8 RX

Within the CA configuration if any of the PCell and/or the SCells is a
4Rx supported RF band, 4 out of the 8Rx should be connected with data
source from system simulator, depending on UE's declaration and AP
configuration. Requirements from Clause 5.2A.3.1 are applied.

Within the CA configuration if any of the PCell and/or the SCells is a
2Rx supported RF band, 2 out of the 8Rx should be connected with data
source from system simulator, depending on UE's declaration and AP
configuration. Requirements from Clause 5.2A.2.1 are applied.

Within the CA configuration if any of the PCell and/or the SCells is a
8Rx supported RF band, all 8Rx should be connected with data source from
system simulator. Requirements from Clause5.2A.4.1 are applied.

For 8Rx capable UEs, the 2Rx supported RF bands, 4Rx supported RF bands
and 8Rx supported RF bands are up to UE's declaration.

##### 5.1.1.5.7 Applicability rule for optional UE features for 8Rx

The performance requirements in Table 5.1.1.5.7-1 shall apply for UEs
which support optional UE features only.

Table 5.1.1.5.7-1: Requirements applicability for optional UE features

  UE feature/capability \[14\]       Test type   Test list                          Applicability notes
  ---------------------------------- ----------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------
  Baseline SU-MIMO 8Rx receiver      PDSCH       Tests listed in Table 5.2A.4.1-7   
                                                                                    
   Simplified SU-MIMO 8Rx receiver   PDSCH       Tests listed in Table 5.2A.4.1-8   
                                                                                    

#### 5.1.1.6 Applicability and test rules for PDSCH performance requirements with power imbalance for intra-band contiguous CA

For UE passing the FDD and TDD CA power imbalance performance
requirements with 2 DL CCs as defined in sections 5.2A.2.2 and 5.2A.3.2,
the test coverage can be considered fulfilled with FDD or TDD intra-band
contiguous CA with 3 or more DL CCs supported by the UE. During the
test, UE is required to test the supported intra-band contiguous CA
configurations with 2 DL CCs covering the lowest and highest operating
bands.

The channel bandwidth combination for testing is determined by following
procedure:

\- First select the bandwidth combinations with the same bandwidth in
each carrier.

\- If there is no such bandwidth combination, select the bandwidth
combinations with smallest bandwidth difference between the two
carriers, and the carrier with smaller bandwidth will be used for test.

\- Among the bandwidth combinations selected, select the CA combination
with largest aggregated bandwidth combination.

#### 5.1.1.7 Applicability of different requirements for HST

The applicability rules for different HST requirements in section 5 are
specified in Table 5.1.1.7-1.

Table 5.1.1.7-1: Applicability of requirements for HST

  If UE has passed   UE can skip   Applicability notes                                                                              
  ------------------ ------------- ------------------------------------- ----------- ------- -------------------------------------- --
  Test type          Test list     Test type                             Test list                                                  
  FR1 FDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.2.1.1 (Test 1-6)           FR1 FDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.2.1.1 (Test 1-5)            
  FR1 TDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.2.2.1 (Test 1-11)          FR1 TDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.2.2.1 (Test 1-7)            
  FR1 FDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.3.1.1 (Test 1-6)           FR1 FDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.3.1.1 (Test 1-5)            
  FR1 TDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.3.2.1 (Test 1-11)          FR1 TDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.3.2.1 (Test 1-7)            
  FR1 FDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.2.1.9 (Test 1-1)           FR1 FDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.2.1.1 (Test 1-5 )           
  FR1 TDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.2.2.9 (Test 1-1)           FR1 TDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.2.2.1 (Test 1-7 and 1-11)   
  FR1 FDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.3.1.9 (Test 1-1)           FR1 FDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.3.1.1 (Test 1-5)            
  FR1 TDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.3.2.9 (Test 1-1)           FR1 TDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.3.2.1 (Test 1-7 and 1-11)   
  FR1 FDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.2.1.1 (Test 1-7)           FR1 FDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.2.1.1 (Test 1-1)            
  FR1 FDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.3.1.1 (Test 1-7)           FR1 FDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.3.1.1 (Test 1-1)            
  FR1 FDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.2.1.10 (Test 1-1 or 1-2)   FR1 FDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.2.1.1 (Test 1-5 )           
  FR1 TDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.2.2.10 (Test 1-1 or 1-2)   FR1 TDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.2.2.1 (Test 1-7 and 1-11)   
  FR1 FDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.3.1.10 (Test 1-1 or 1-2)   FR1 FDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.3.1.1 (Test 1-5)            
  FR1 TDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.3.2.10 (Test 1-1 or 1-2)   FR1 TDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.3.2.1 (Test 1-7 and 1-11)   
  FR1 FDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.2.1.10 (Test 1-2)          FR1 FDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.2.1.10 (Test 1-1)           
  FR1 TDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.2.2.10 (Test 1-2)          FR1 TDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.2.2.10 (Test 1-1)           
  FR1 FDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.3.1.10 (Test 1-2)          FR1 FDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.3.1.10 (Test 1-1)           
  FR1 TDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.3.2.10 (Test 1-2)          FR1 TDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.3.2.10 (Test 1-1)           

Table 5.1.1.7-2: Applicability of requirements for HST Enhanced SFN
Transmission schemes

  If UE has passed   UE can skip   Applicability notes                                           
  ------------------ ------------- --------------------- ----------- ------- ------------------- --
  Test type          Test list     Test type             Test list                               
  FR1 FDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.2.1.20     FR1 FDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.2.1.21   
  FR1 TDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.2.2.21     FR1 TDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.2.2.22   
  FR1 FDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.3.1.19     FR1 FDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.3.1.20   
  FR1 TDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.3.2.20     FR1 TDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.3.2.21   

#### 5.1.1.8 Applicability of different requirements with Multi-TRxP

The applicability rules for requirements with multi-TRxP transmission
schemes in section 5 are specified in Table 5.1.1.8-1.

Table 5.1.1.8-1: Applicability of requirements with Multi-TRxP
Transmission

  If UE has passed   UE can skip   Applicability notes                                                               
  ------------------ ------------- ------------------------------ ----------- ------- ------------------------------ --
  Test type          Test list     Test type                      Test list                                          
  FR1 FDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.2.1.12 (Test 1-1)   FR1 FDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.2.1.11 (Test 1-1)   
  FR1 FDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.2.1.12 (Test 1-1)   FR1 FDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.2.1.13 (Test 1-1)   
  FR1 FDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.2.1.6 (Test 1-1)    FR1 FDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.2.1.14 (Test 1-1)   
  FR1 TDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.2.2.12 (Test 1-1)   FR1 TDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.2.2.11 (Test 1-1)   
  FR1 TDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.2.2.12 (Test 1-1)   FR1 TDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.2.2.13 (Test 1-1)   
  FR1 TDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.2.2.6 (Test 1-1)    FR1 TDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.2.2.14 (Test 1-1)   
  FR1 FDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.3.1.12 (Test 1-1)   FR1 FDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.3.1.11 (Test 1-1)   
  FR1 FDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.3.1.12 (Test 1-1)   FR1 FDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.3.1.13 (Test 1-1)   
  FR1 FDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.3.1.6 (Test 1-1)    FR1 FDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.3.1.14 (Test 1-1)   
  FR1 TDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.3.2.12 (Test 1-1)   FR1 TDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.3.2.11 (Test 1-1)   
  FR1 TDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.3.2.12 (Test 1-1)   FR1 TDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.3.2.13 (Test 1-1)   
  FR1 TDD            PDSCH         Clause 5.2.3.2.6 (Test 1-1)    FR1 TDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.3.2.14 (Test 1-1)   

#### 5.1.1.9 Applicability of requirements for PDSCH on bands with shared spectrum access

  Tests                                           Applicability notes
  ----------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------
  All tests in Clause 5.2.2.2.15 and 5.2.3.2.15   Only test the supported largest channel bandwidth.
  All tests in Clause 5.2A.2.3 and 5.2A.3.3       Only test the supported largest channel bandwidth on SCell.

#### 5.1.1.10 Applicability of requirements for PDSCH with inter cell interference

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Tests                            | Applicability notes              |
+==================================+==================================+
| All tests in Clause 5.2.2.1.15,  | If UE supporting both duplex     |
| 5.2.3.1.15, 5.2.2.2.16 and       | mode TDD and FDD with 2RX, only  |
| 5.2.3.2.16                       | test 1-1 in clause 5.2.2.1.15    |
|                                  | and test 1-2 in clause           |
|                                  | 5.2.2.2.16 will be applied.      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | If UE supporting both duplex     |
|                                  | mode TDD and FDD with 4RX, only  |
|                                  | test 1-1 in clause 5.2.3.1.15    |
|                                  | and test 1-2 in clause           |
|                                  | 5.2.3.2.16 will be applied.      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

#### 5.1.1.11 Applicability of requirements for RedCap

The performance requirements in Table 5.1.1.11-1 shall apply for UEs
which support optional feature *supportOfRedCap*.

Other performance requirements mandatory for UE supporting NR operation
defined in Section 5 but not included in table 5.1.1.11-1 should not be
considered applicable to RedCap UEs.

Table 5.1.1.11-1: Requirements applicability for RedCap

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
| UE capability   | Test type       | Test list | Applicability   |   |
|                 |                 |           | notes           |   |
+=================+=================+===========+=================+===+
| RedCap with 1RX | FR1 FDD and     | PDSCH     | All tests in    |   |
|                 | HD-FDD (Note 1) |           | Clause          |   |
|                 |                 |           | 5.2.1.1.1       |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
|                 |                 | PDCCH     | All tests in    |   |
|                 |                 |           | Clause          |   |
|                 |                 |           | 5.3.1.1.1       |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
|                 |                 | PBCH      | All tests in    |   |
|                 |                 |           | Clause 5.4.1.1  |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
|                 |                 | SDR       | Clause 5.5. 3   |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
|                 | FR1 TDD         | PDSCH     | All tests in    |   |
|                 |                 |           | Clause          |   |
|                 |                 |           | 5.2.1.2.1       |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
|                 |                 | PDCCH     | All tests in    |   |
|                 |                 |           | Clause          |   |
|                 |                 |           | 5.3.1.2.1       |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
|                 |                 | PBCH      | All tests in    |   |
|                 |                 |           | Clause 5.4.1.2  |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
|                 |                 | SDR       | Clause 5.5.3    |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
| RedCap with 2RX | FR1 FDD and     | PDSCH     | All tests in    |   |
|                 | HD-FDD (Note 1) |           | Clause          |   |
|                 |                 |           | 5.2.2.1.17      |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
|                 |                 | PDCCH     | All tests in    |   |
|                 |                 |           | Clause          |   |
|                 |                 |           | 5.3.2.1.4       |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
|                 |                 | PBCH      | Clause 5.4.2.1  |   |
|                 |                 |           | (Table          |   |
|                 |                 |           | 5.4.2.1-2 Test  |   |
|                 |                 |           | 1)              |   |
|                 |                 |           |                 |   |
|                 |                 |           | Clause 5.4.2.1  |   |
|                 |                 |           | (Table          |   |
|                 |                 |           | 5.4.2.1-3 Test  |   |
|                 |                 |           | 1)              |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
|                 |                 | SDR       | Clause 5.5.3    |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
|                 | FR1 TDD         | PDSCH     | All tests in    |   |
|                 |                 |           | Clause          |   |
|                 |                 |           | 5.2.2.2.18      |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
|                 |                 | PDCCH     | All tests in    |   |
|                 |                 |           | Clause          |   |
|                 |                 |           | 5.3.2.2.4       |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
|                 |                 | PBCH      | Clause 5.4.2.2  |   |
|                 |                 |           | (Table          |   |
|                 |                 |           | 5.4.2.2-4 Test  |   |
|                 |                 |           | 1)              |   |
|                 |                 |           |                 |   |
|                 |                 |           | Clause 5.4.2.2  |   |
|                 |                 |           | (Table          |   |
|                 |                 |           | 5.4.2.2-5 Test  |   |
|                 |                 |           | 1)              |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
|                 |                 | SDR       | Clause 5.5.3    |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
| Note 1: If UE   |                 |           |                 |   |
| support only    |                 |           |                 |   |
| HD-FDD in a FDD |                 |           |                 |   |
| band, this UE   |                 |           |                 |   |
| is tested with  |                 |           |                 |   |
| HD-FDD mode     |                 |           |                 |   |
| otherwise UE is |                 |           |                 |   |
| tested with     |                 |           |                 |   |
| full-duplex FDD |                 |           |                 |   |
| mode            |                 |           |                 |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+

5.1.1.13 Applicability of requirements with enhanced DMRS

The applicability rules for different requirements with enhanced DMRS in
section 5 are specified in Table 5.1.1.13-1.

Table 5.1.1.13-1: Applicability of different requirements with enhanced
DMRS

  If UE is tested   UE can skip   Applicability notes                                                             
  ----------------- ------------- ----------------------------- ----------- ------- ----------------------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Test type         Test list     Test type                     Test list                                         
  FR1 FDD           PDSCH         Clause 5.2.2.1.1 (Test 2-3)   FR1 FDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.2.1.1 (Test 2-1)   If UE supports enhanced DMRS, UE is not tested for corresponding test with legacy DMRS.
  FR1 TDD           PDSCH         Clause 5.2.2.2.1 (Test 2-3)   FR1 TDD     PDSCH   Clause 5.2.2.2.1 (Test 2-1)   

#### 5.1.1.14 Applicability of requirements for eRedCap

The performance requirements in Table 5.1.1.14-1 shall apply for UEs
which support optional feature *supportOfERedCap-r18*.

Other performance requirements mandatory for UE supporting NR operation
defined in Section 5 but not included in table 5.1.1.14-1 should not be
considered applicable to eRedCap UEs.

Table 5.1.1.14-1: Requirements applicability for eRedCap UEs

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
| UE capability   | Test type       | Test list | Applicability   |   |
|                 |                 |           | notes           |   |
+=================+=================+===========+=================+===+
| eRedCap with    | FR1 FDD and     | PDSCH     | Clause          |   |
| 1RX             | HD-FDD (Note 1) |           | 5.2.1.1.2       |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
|                 |                 | PDCCH     | All tests in    |   |
|                 |                 |           | Clause          |   |
|                 |                 |           | 5.3.1.1.1       |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
|                 |                 | PBCH      | All tests in    |   |
|                 |                 |           | Clause 5.4.1.1  |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
|                 |                 | SDR       | Clause 5.5.1    |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
|                 | FR1 TDD         | PDSCH     | Clause          |   |
|                 |                 |           | 5.2.1.2.2       |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
|                 |                 | PDCCH     | All tests in    |   |
|                 |                 |           | Clause          |   |
|                 |                 |           | 5.3.1.2.1       |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
|                 |                 | PBCH      | All tests in    |   |
|                 |                 |           | Clause 5.4.1.2  |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
|                 |                 | SDR       | Clause 5.5.1    |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
| eRedCap with    | FR1 FDD and     | PDSCH     | Clause          |   |
| 2RX             | HD-FDD (Note 1) |           | 5.2.2.1.23      |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
|                 |                 | PDCCH     | All tests in    |   |
|                 |                 |           | Clause          |   |
|                 |                 |           | 5.3.2.1.4       |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
|                 |                 | PBCH      | Clause 5.4.2.1  |   |
|                 |                 |           | (Table          |   |
|                 |                 |           | 5.4.2.1-2 Test  |   |
|                 |                 |           | 1-1)            |   |
|                 |                 |           |                 |   |
|                 |                 |           | Clause 5.4.2.1  |   |
|                 |                 |           | (Table          |   |
|                 |                 |           | 5.4.2.1-3 Test  |   |
|                 |                 |           | 2-1)            |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
|                 |                 | SDR       | Clause 5.5.1    |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
|                 | FR1 TDD         | PDSCH     | Clause          |   |
|                 |                 |           | 5.2.2.2.24      |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
|                 |                 | PDCCH     | All tests in    |   |
|                 |                 |           | Clause          |   |
|                 |                 |           | 5.3.2.2.4       |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
|                 |                 | PBCH      | Clause 5.4.2.2  |   |
|                 |                 |           | (Table          |   |
|                 |                 |           | 5.4.2.2-4 Test  |   |
|                 |                 |           | 3-1)            |   |
|                 |                 |           |                 |   |
|                 |                 |           | Clause 5.4.2.2  |   |
|                 |                 |           | (Table          |   |
|                 |                 |           | 5.4.2.2-5 Test  |   |
|                 |                 |           | 4-1)            |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
|                 |                 | SDR       | Clause 5.5.1    |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+
| Note 1: If UE   |                 |           |                 |   |
| support only    |                 |           |                 |   |
| HD-FDD in a FDD |                 |           |                 |   |
| band, this UE   |                 |           |                 |   |
| is tested with  |                 |           |                 |   |
| HD-FDD mode     |                 |           |                 |   |
| otherwise UE is |                 |           |                 |   |
| tested with     |                 |           |                 |   |
| full-duplex FDD |                 |           |                 |   |
| mode            |                 |           |                 |   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+---+

5.2 PDSCH demodulation requirements
-----------------------------------

The parameters specified in Table 5.2-1 are valid for all PDSCH tests
unless otherwise stated.

Table 5.2-1: Common test parameters

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Parameter   | Unit        | Value       |             |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| PDSCH       |             | T           |             |             |
| t           |             | ransmission |             |             |
| ransmission |             | scheme 1    |             |             |
| scheme      |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Carrier     | Offset      | RBs         | 0           |             |
| co          | between     |             |             |             |
| nfiguration | Point A and |             |             |             |
|             | the lowest  |             |             |             |
|             | usable      |             |             |             |
|             | subcarrier  |             |             |             |
|             | on this     |             |             |             |
|             | carrier     |             |             |             |
|             | (Note 2)    |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Subcarrier  | kHz         | 15 or 30    |             |
|             | spacing     |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| DL BWP      | Cyclic      |             | Normal      |             |
| co          | prefix      |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
| \#1         |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | RB offset   | RBs         | 0           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   | PRBs        | Maximum     |             |
|             | contiguous  |             | t           |             |
|             | PRB         |             | ransmission |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidth   |             |
|             |             |             | co          |             |
|             |             |             | nfiguration |             |
|             |             |             | as          |             |
|             |             |             | specified   |             |
|             |             |             | in clause   |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.2 of    |             |
|             |             |             | TS 38.101-1 |             |
|             |             |             | \[2\] for   |             |
|             |             |             | tested      |             |
|             |             |             | channel     |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidth   |             |
|             |             |             | and         |             |
|             |             |             | subcarrier  |             |
|             |             |             | spacing     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Common      | Physical    |             | 0           |             |
| serving     | Cell ID     |             |             |             |
| cell        |             |             |             |             |
| parameters  |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | SSB         |             | First SSB   |             |
|             | position in |             | in Slot \#0 |             |
|             | burst       |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | SSB         | ms          | 20          |             |
|             | periodicity |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDCCH       | Slots for   |             | Each slot   |             |
| co          | PDCCH       |             |             |             |
| nfiguration | monitoring  |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Symbols     | Symbols     | 0, 1        |             |
|             | with PDCCH  |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | Table 5.2-2 |             |
|             | PRBs in     |             | for tested  |             |
|             | CORESET     |             | channel     |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidth   |             |
|             |             |             | and         |             |
|             |             |             | subcarrier  |             |
|             |             |             | spacing     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 1/AL8       |             |
|             | PDCCH       |             |             |             |
|             | candidates  |             |             |             |
|             | and         |             |             |             |
|             | aggregation |             |             |             |
|             | levels      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CCE-to-REG  |             | Non-        |             |
|             | mapping     |             | interleaved |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | DCI format  |             | 1\_1        |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | TCI state   |             | TCI state   |             |
|             |             |             | \#1         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PDCCH &     |             | For number  |             |
|             | PDCCH DMRS  |             | of Tx=1: No |             |
|             | Precoding   |             | precoding;  |             |
|             | co          |             |             |             |
|             | nfiguration |             | For number  |             |
|             |             |             | of Tx\>1:   |             |
|             |             |             | Single      |             |
|             |             |             | Panel Type  |             |
|             |             |             | I,          |             |
|             |             |             | Randomized  |             |
|             |             |             | precoder    |             |
|             |             |             | selection   |             |
|             |             |             | for every   |             |
|             |             |             | REG bundle  |             |
|             |             |             | and updated |             |
|             |             |             | per slot    |             |
|             |             |             | with equal  |             |
|             |             |             | probability |             |
|             |             |             | of each     |             |
|             |             |             | applicable  |             |
|             |             |             | i1/i2       |             |
|             |             |             | combination |             |
|             |             |             | or codebook |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | index,      |             |
|             |             |             | chosen from |             |
|             |             |             | section     |             |
|             |             |             | 5.2.2.2.1   |             |
|             |             |             | of TS       |             |
|             |             |             | 38.214      |             |
|             |             |             | \[12\]      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Cross       |             | Not         |             |             |
| carrier     |             | configured  |             |             |
| scheduling  |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CSI-RS for  | First       |             | k~0~=0 for  |             |
| tracking    | subcarrier  |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             | index in    |             | resource    |             |
|             | the PRB     |             | 1,2,3,4     |             |
|             | used for    |             |             |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 6    |             |
|             | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |             |
|             | the PRB     |             | resource 1  |             |
|             | used for    |             | and 3       |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | l~0~ = 10   |             |
|             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |             |
|             |             |             | resource 2  |             |
|             |             |             | and 4       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 1 for       |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             | ports (X)   |             | resource    |             |
|             |             |             | 1,2,3,4     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CDM Type    |             | \'No CDM\'  |             |
|             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |             |
|             |             |             | resource    |             |
|             |             |             | 1,2,3,4     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Density (ρ) |             | 3 for       |             |
|             |             |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             |             |             | resource    |             |
|             |             |             | 1,2,3,4     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 15 kHz SCS: |             |
|             | periodicity |             | 20 for      |             |
|             |             |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             |             |             | resource    |             |
|             |             |             | 1,2,3,4     |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 30 kHz SCS: |             |
|             |             |             | 40 for      |             |
|             |             |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             |             |             | resource    |             |
|             |             |             | 1,2,3,4     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 15 kHz SCS: |             |
|             | offset      |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 10 for      |             |
|             |             |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             |             |             | resource 1  |             |
|             |             |             | and 2       |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 11 for      |             |
|             |             |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             |             |             | resource 3  |             |
|             |             |             | and 4       |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 30 kHz SCS: |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 20 for      |             |
|             |             |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             |             |             | resource 1  |             |
|             |             |             | and 2       |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 21 for      |             |
|             |             |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             |             |             | resource 3  |             |
|             |             |             | and 4       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Frequency   |             | Start PRB 0 |             |
|             | Occupation  |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | Number of   |             |
|             |             |             | PRB = BWP   |             |
|             |             |             | size        |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |             |
|             |             |             | \#0         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NZP CSI-RS  | First       |             | k~0~ = 0    |             |
| for CSI     | subcarrier  |             |             |             |
| acquisition | index in    |             |             |             |
|             | the PRB     |             |             |             |
|             | used for    |             |             |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 12   |             |
|             | symbol in   |             |             |             |
|             | the PRB     |             |             |             |
|             | used for    |             |             |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | Same as     |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             | number of   |             |
|             | ports (X)   |             | transmit    |             |
|             |             |             | antenna     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CDM Type    |             | \'No CDM\'  |             |
|             |             |             | for 1       |             |
|             |             |             | transmit    |             |
|             |             |             | antenna     |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | \'FD-CDM2\' |             |
|             |             |             | for 2 and 4 |             |
|             |             |             | transmit    |             |
|             |             |             | antenna     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Density (ρ) |             | 1           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 15 kHz SCS: |             |
|             | periodicity |             | 20          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 30 kHz SCS: |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |             |
|             | offset      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Frequency   |             | Start PRB 0 |             |
|             | Occupation  |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | Number of   |             |
|             |             |             | PRB = BWP   |             |
|             |             |             | size        |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |             |
|             |             |             | \#1         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| ZP CSI-RS   | First       |             | k~0~ = 4    |             |
| for CSI     | subcarrier  |             |             |             |
| acquisition | index in    |             |             |             |
|             | the PRB     |             |             |             |
|             | used for    |             |             |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 12   |             |
|             | symbol in   |             |             |             |
|             | the PRB     |             |             |             |
|             | used for    |             |             |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 4           |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             |             |             |
|             | ports (X)   |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CDM Type    |             | \'FD-CDM2\' |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Density (ρ) |             | 1           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 15 kHz SCS: |             |
|             | periodicity |             | 20          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 30 kHz SCS: |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |             |
|             | offset      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Frequency   |             | Start PRB 0 |             |
|             | Occupation  |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | Number of   |             |
|             |             |             | PRB = BWP   |             |
|             |             |             | size        |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH DMRS  | Antenna     |             | {1000} for  |             |
| co          | ports       |             | Rank 1      |             |
| nfiguration | indexes     |             | tests\      |             |
|             |             |             | {1000,      |             |
|             |             |             | 1001} for   |             |
|             |             |             | Rank 2      |             |
|             |             |             | tests       |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | {1000-1002} |             |
|             |             |             | for Rank 3  |             |
|             |             |             | tests       |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | {1000-1003} |             |
|             |             |             | for Rank 4  |             |
|             |             |             | tests       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Position of |             | 2           |             |
|             | the first   |             |             |             |
|             | DMRS for    |             |             |             |
|             | PDSCH       |             |             |             |
|             | mapping     |             |             |             |
|             | type A      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 1 for Rank  |             |
|             | PDSCH DMRS  |             | 1 and Rank  |             |
|             | CDM         |             | 2 tests     |             |
|             | group(s)    |             |             |             |
|             | without     |             | 2 for Rank  |             |
|             | data        |             | 3 and Rank  |             |
|             |             |             | 4 tests     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#0     |
| \#0         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#1         | information | resource    |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking\'  |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PT-RS       |             | PT-RS is    |             |             |
| co          |             | not         |             |             |
| nfiguration |             | configured  |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Maximum     |             | 1           |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| code block  |             |             |             |             |
| groups for  |             |             |             |             |
| ACK/NACK    |             |             |             |             |
| feedback    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Maximum     |             | 4           |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| HARQ        |             |             |             |             |
| t           |             |             |             |             |
| ransmission |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| HARQ        |             | Multiplexed |             |             |
| ACK/NACK    |             |             |             |             |
| bundling    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Redundancy  |             | {0,2,3,1}   |             |             |
| version     |             |             |             |             |
| coding      |             |             |             |             |
| sequence    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH &     |             | For number  |             |             |
| PDSCH DMRS  |             | of Tx=1: No |             |             |
| Precoding   |             | precoding;  |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             | For number  |             |             |
|             |             | of Tx\>1:   |             |             |
|             |             | Single      |             |             |
|             |             | Panel Type  |             |             |
|             |             | I,          |             |             |
|             |             | Randomized  |             |             |
|             |             | precoder    |             |             |
|             |             | selection   |             |             |
|             |             | for every   |             |             |
|             |             | PRB bundle  |             |             |
|             |             | and updated |             |             |
|             |             | per slot    |             |             |
|             |             | with equal  |             |             |
|             |             | probability |             |             |
|             |             | of each     |             |             |
|             |             | applicable  |             |             |
|             |             | i1/i2       |             |             |
|             |             | combination |             |             |
|             |             | or codebook |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             | index,      |             |             |
|             |             | chosen from |             |             |
|             |             | section     |             |             |
|             |             | 5.2.2.2.1   |             |             |
|             |             | of TS       |             |             |
|             |             | 38.214      |             |             |
|             |             | \[12\]      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Symbols for |             | OCNG Annex  |             |             |
| all unused  |             | A.5         |             |             |
| REs         |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Physical    |             | As          |             |             |
| signals,    |             | specified   |             |             |
| channels    |             | in Annex    |             |             |
| mapping and |             | B.4.1       |             |             |
| precoding   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Note 1: UE  |             |             |             |             |
| assumes     |             |             |             |             |
| that the    |             |             |             |             |
| TCI state   |             |             |             |             |
| for the     |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH is    |             |             |             |             |
| identical   |             |             |             |             |
| to the TCI  |             |             |             |             |
| state       |             |             |             |             |
| applied for |             |             |             |             |
| the PDCCH   |             |             |             |             |
| tr          |             |             |             |             |
| ansmission. |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| Note 2:     |             |             |             |             |
| Point A     |             |             |             |             |
| coincides   |             |             |             |             |
| with        |             |             |             |             |
| minimum     |             |             |             |             |
| guard band  |             |             |             |             |
| as          |             |             |             |             |
| specified   |             |             |             |             |
| in Table    |             |             |             |             |
| 5.3.3-1     |             |             |             |             |
| from TS     |             |             |             |             |
| 38.101-1    |             |             |             |             |
| \[2\] for   |             |             |             |             |
| tested      |             |             |             |             |
| channel     |             |             |             |             |
| bandwidth   |             |             |             |             |
| and         |             |             |             |             |
| subcarrier  |             |             |             |             |
| spacing.    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Table 5.2-2: Number of PRBs in CORESET

  ----------- ------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- ---------
  SCS (kHz)   5 MHz   10 MHz   15 MHz   20 MHz   25 MHz   30 MHz   40 MHz   50 MHz   60 MHz   80 MHz   100 MHz
  15          24      48       78       102      132      156      216      270      N/A      N/A      N/A
  30          6       24       36       48       60       78       102      132      162      216      270
  ----------- ------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- ---------

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\] clause
5.2

### 5.2.1 1RX requirements

#### 5.2.1.1 FDD

##### 5.2.1.1.1 1Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH performance for RedCap

##### 5.2.1.1.1.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance mapping Type A under 1 receive antenna
conditions with different channel models and MCSs for a specified
downlink Reference Measurement Channel (RMC) to achieve a certain
throughput.

##### 5.2.1.1.1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability .H6}

This test case applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward that
support NR RedCap.

##### 5.2.1.1.1.3 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.1.1.1.3-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.1.1.1.3-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.1.1.1.3-1.

Table 5.2.1.1.1.3-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                       Test index
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 1 receive antenna conditions and with different channel models and MCSs for RedCap   1-1, 1-2, 1-3, 1-4

Table 5.2.1.1.1.3-2: Test parameters

+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
| Parameter         | Unit              | Value |                   |
+===================+===================+=======+===================+
| Duplex mode       |                   | FDD   |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
| Active DL BWP     |                   | 1     |                   |
| index             |                   |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
| PDSCH             | Mapping type      |       | Type A            |
| configuration     |                   |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | k0                |       | 0                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | Starting symbol   |       | 2                 |
|                   | (S)               |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | Length (L)        |       | 12                |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | PDSCH aggregation |       | 1                 |
|                   | factor            |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | PRB bundling type |       | Static            |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | PRB bundling size |       | 4 for Test 1-1    |
|                   |                   |       |                   |
|                   |                   |       | 2 for other tests |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | Resource          |       | Type 0            |
|                   | allocation type   |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | RBG size          |       | Config2           |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | VRB-to-PRB        |       | Non-interleaved   |
|                   | mapping type      |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | VRB-to-PRB        |       | N/A               |
|                   | mapping           |       |                   |
|                   | interleaver       |       |                   |
|                   | bundle size       |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
| PDSCH DMRS        | DMRS Type         |       | Type 1            |
| configuration     |                   |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | Number of         |       | 2 for Test 1-1,\  |
|                   | additional DMRS   |       | 1 for other tests |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | Maximum number of |       | 1                 |
|                   | OFDM symbols for  |       |                   |
|                   | DL front loaded   |       |                   |
|                   | DMRS              |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
| CSI-RS for        | CSI-RS            | Slots | Table 5.2-1       |
| tracking          | periodicity       |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | CSI-RS offset     | Slots | Table 5.2-1       |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
| Number of HARQ    |                   | 4     |                   |
| Processes         |                   |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
| The number of     |                   | 2     |                   |
| slots between     |                   |       |                   |
| PDSCH and         |                   |       |                   |
| corresponding     |                   |       |                   |
| HARQ-ACK          |                   |       |                   |
| information       |                   |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+

Table 5.2.1.1.1.3-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       | (Note | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       | 1)    | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | QPSK, | T     | 2x1   | 70    | 3.7   |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 0.30  | DLB10 | Low   |       |       |
|       | 1-1.1 |       |       | 0-400 |       |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | R.P   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | DSCH. |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1-1.1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | H     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | D-FDD |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-2   | R.P   | 10 /  | 1     | T     | 2x1   | 70    | 12.2  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | DLC30 | Low   |       |       |
|       | 1-2.1 |       | 0.48  | 0-100 |       |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | R.P   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | DSCH. |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1-1.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | H     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | D-FDD |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-3   | R.P   | 10 /  | 6     | TDLA  | 2x1   | 70    | 16.5  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 4QAM, | 30-10 | Low   |       |       |
|       | 1-3.5 |       | 0.50  |       |       |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | R.P   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | DSCH. |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1-1.3 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | H     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | D-FDD |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-4   | R.P   | 10 /  | 25    | TDLA  | 2x1   | 70    | 25.3  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | Low   |       |       |
|       | 1-4.2 |       | 0.67  |       |       |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | R.P   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | DSCH. |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1-1.4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | H     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | D-FDD |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Ap    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plied |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| refe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pends |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| on    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| supp  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orted |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| oper  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mode: |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HD    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -FDD. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.1.1.1.

##### 5.2.1.1.1.4 Test description {#test-description .H6}

##### 5.2.1.1.1.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.0
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2A-1 to Table 5.2A-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.2.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.5. Message
contents are defined in clause 5.2.1.1.1.4.3.

##### 5.2.1.1.1.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.1.1.1.3-2. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.1.1.1.5-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G.1.5. Count the number of
NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL and decide pass or fail according to
Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each test points in Table 5.2.1.1.1.5-1
as appropriate.

##### 5.2.1.1.1.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2 with the following exceptions:

Table 5.2.1.1.1.4.3-1: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                                               
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ---------------------------- --------------------------------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                      Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                        
  prb-BundlingType CHOICE {                                                                          
  staticBundling SEQUENCE {                                                                          
  bundleSize                                             n4, n2         n4 for test 1-1              test 1-1
                                                         Not present    n2 will be used by default   test point other than test 1-1
  }                                                                                                  
  }                                                                                                  
  }                                                                                                  

Table 5.2.1.1.1.4.3-2: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI Tracking

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-9 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CS              |                 |                 |           |
| I-ResourcePerio |                 |                 |           |
| dicityAndOffset |                 |                 |           |
| ::= CHOICE {    |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| slots20         | 10 (for CSI-RS  | CSI-RS offset:  |           |
|                 | resources 1 and |                 |           |
|                 | 2)              | 10 for CSI-RS   |           |
|                 |                 | resources 1 and |           |
|                 | 11 (for CSI-RS  | 2               |           |
|                 | resources 3 and |                 |           |
|                 | 4)              | 11 for CSI-RS   |           |
|                 |                 | resources 3 and |           |
|                 |                 | 4               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS          |           |
|                 |                 | periodicity: 20 |           |
|                 |                 | slots           |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

##### 5.2.1.1.1.5 Test Requirement {#test-requirement .H6}

Table 5.2.1.1.1.5-1 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 and A.3.2.3 for each
throughput test shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table
5.2.1.1.1.5-1 the specified SNR including test tolerances for all
throughput tests.

Table 5.2.1.1.1.5-1: Test Requirements for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       | (Note | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       | 1)    | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | QPSK, | T     | 2x1   | 70    | 3.7 + |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 0.30  | DLB10 | Low   |       | 0.9   |
|       | 1-1.1 |       |       | 0-400 |       |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | R.P   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | DSCH. |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1-1.1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | H     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | D-FDD |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-2   | R.P   | 10 /  | 1     | T     | 2x1   | 70    | 12.2  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | DLC30 | Low   |       | + 0.9 |
|       | 1-2.1 |       | 0.48  | 0-100 |       |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | R.P   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | DSCH. |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1-1.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | H     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | D-FDD |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-3   | R.P   | 10 /  | 6     | TDLA  | 2x1   | 70    | 16.5  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 4QAM, | 30-10 | Low   |       | + 1.0 |
|       | 1-3.5 |       | 0.50  |       |       |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | R.P   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | DSCH. |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1-1.3 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | H     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | D-FDD |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-4   | R.P   | 10 /  | 25    | TDLA  | 2x1   | 70    | 25.3  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | Low   |       | + 1.0 |
|       | 1-4.2 |       | 0.67  |       |       |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | R.P   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | DSCH. |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1-1.4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | H     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | D-FDD |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Ap    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plied |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| refe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pends |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| on    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| supp  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orted |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| oper  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mode: |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HD    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -FDD. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.1.1.2 1Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH performance for eRedCap

Editor\'s Note: This test cases is incomplete in following aspects:

\- Test state and generic procedure are TBD in 38.508-1

##### 5.2.1.1.2.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-1 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance mapping Type A under 1 receive antenna
conditions with different channel models and MCSs for a specified
downlink Reference Measurement Channel (RMC) to achieve a certain
throughput.

##### 5.2.1.1.2.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-1 .H6}

This test case applies to all types of NR UE release 18 and forward that
support NR eRedCap.

##### 5.2.1.1.2.3 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-1 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.1.1.2.3-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.1.1.2.3-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.1.1.2.3-1.

Table 5.2.1.1.2.3-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                                                                   Test index
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 1 receive antenna conditions and with different channel models and MCSs for eRedCap UE with reduced baseband bandwidth in FR1.   1-1, 1-2, 1-3
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 1 receive antenna conditions and with different channel models and MCSs for eRedCap without reduced baseband bandwidth in FR1.   2-1, 2-2, 2-3

Table 5.2.1.1.2.3-2: Test parameters

+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
| Parameter      | Unit           | Value        |                |
+================+================+==============+================+
| Duplex mode    |                | FDD / HD-FDD |                |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
| Active DL BWP  |                | 1            |                |
| index          |                |              |                |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
| PDSCH          | Mapping type   |              | Type A         |
| configuration  |                |              |                |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
|                | k0             |              | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
|                | Starting       |              | 2              |
|                | symbol (S)     |              |                |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
|                | Length (L)     |              | 12             |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
|                | PDSCH          |              | 1              |
|                | aggregation    |              |                |
|                | factor         |              |                |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |              | Static         |
|                | type           |              |                |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |              | 4 for Test 1-1 |
|                | size           |              | and Test 2-1   |
|                |                |              |                |
|                |                |              | 2 for other    |
|                |                |              | tests          |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
|                | Resource       |              | Type 0         |
|                | allocation     |              |                |
|                | type           |              |                |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
|                | RBG size       |              | Config2        |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |              | N              |
|                | mapping type   |              | on-interleaved |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |              | N/A            |
|                | mapping        |              |                |
|                | interleaver    |              |                |
|                | bundle size    |              |                |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
| PDSCH DMRS     | DMRS Type      |              | Type 1         |
| configuration  |                |              |                |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
|                | Number of      |              | 2 for Test 1-1 |
|                | additional     |              | and Test 2-1,\ |
|                | DMRS           |              | 1 for other    |
|                |                |              | tests          |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
|                | Maximum number |              | 1              |
|                | of OFDM        |              |                |
|                | symbols for DL |              |                |
|                | front loaded   |              |                |
|                | DMRS           |              |                |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
| CSI-RS for     | CSI-RS         | Slots        | Table 5.2-1    |
| tracking       | periodicity    |              |                |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-RS offset  | Slots        | Table 5.2-1    |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
| Number of HARQ |                | 4            |                |
| Processes      |                |              |                |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
| The number of  |                | 2            |                |
| slots between  |                |              |                |
| PDSCH and      |                |              |                |
| corresponding  |                |              |                |
| HARQ-ACK       |                |              |                |
| information    |                |              |                |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.1.1.2.3-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1 with reduced
baseband bandwidth

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       | (Note | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       | 1)    | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | QPSK, | T     | 2x1   | 70    | 4.4   |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 0.30  | DLB10 | Low   |       |       |
|       | 1-1.5 |       |       | 0-400 |       |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | R.P   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | DSCH. |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1-2.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | H     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | D-FDD |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-2   | R.PD  | 10 /  | 1     | T     | 2x1   | 70    | 12.3  |
|       | SCH.1 | 15    | 6QAM, | DLC30 | Low   |       |       |
|       | -25.1 |       | 0.48  | 0-100 |       |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | R.P   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | DSCH. |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1-2.3 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | H     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | D-FDD |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-3   | R.PD  | 10 /  | 6     | TDLA  | 2x1   | 70    | 16.1  |
|       | SCH.1 | 15    | 4QAM, | 30-10 | Low   |       |       |
|       | -12.4 |       | 0.50  |       |       |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | R.P   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | DSCH. |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1-4.1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | H     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | D-FDD |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Ap    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plied |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| refe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pends |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| on    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| supp  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orted |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| oper  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mode: |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HD    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -FDD. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 5.2.1.1.2.3-4: Minimum performance for Rank 1 without reduced
baseband bandwidth.

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       | (Note | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       | 1)    | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 2-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | QPSK, | T     | 2x1   | 70    | 3.9   |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 0.30  | DLB10 | Low   |       |       |
|       | 1-1.1 |       |       | 0-400 |       |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | R.P   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | DSCH. |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1-1.1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | H     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | D-FDD |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 2-2   | R.PD  | 10 /  | 1     | T     | 2x1   | 70    | 12.5  |
|       | SCH.1 | 15    | 6QAM, | DLC30 | Low   |       |       |
|       | -12.3 |       | 0.48  | 0-100 |       |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | R.P   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | DSCH. |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1-2.4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | H     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | D-FDD |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 2-3   | R.PD  | 10 /  | 6     | TDLA  | 2x1   | 70    | 16.1  |
|       | SCH.1 | 15    | 4QAM, | 30-10 | Low   |       |       |
|       | -12.4 |       | 0.50  |       |       |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | R.P   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | DSCH. |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1-4.1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | H     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | D-FDD |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Ap    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plied |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| refe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pends |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| on    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| supp  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orted |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| oper  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mode: |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HD    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -FDD. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.1.1.2.

##### 5.2.1.1.2.4 Test description {#test-description-1 .H6}

##### 5.2.1.1.2.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-1 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.0
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2A-1 to Table 5.2A-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.2.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.5. Message
contents are defined in clause 5.2.1.1.2.4.3.

##### 5.2.1.1.2.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-1 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.1.1.2.3-2. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.1.1.2.5-1 or Table 5.2.1.1.2.5-2 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G.1.5. Count the number of
NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL and decide pass or fail according to
Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each test points in Table 5.2.1.1.2.5-1
or Table 5.2.1.1.2.5-2 as appropriate.

##### 5.2.1.1.2.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-1 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2 with the following exceptions:

Table 5.2.1.1.2.4.3-1: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------------------------ ---------------------------------------------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                        Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                          
  prb-BundlingType CHOICE {                                                                            
  staticBundling SEQUENCE {                                                                            
  bundleSize                                             n4, n2         n4 for test 1-1 and test 2-1   test 1-1, test 2-1
                                                         Not present    n2 will be used by default     test point other than test 1-1 and test 2-1
  }                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                    

Table 5.2.1.1.2.4.3-2: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI Tracking

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-9 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CS              |                 |                 |           |
| I-ResourcePerio |                 |                 |           |
| dicityAndOffset |                 |                 |           |
| ::= CHOICE {    |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| slots20         | 10 (for CSI-RS  | CSI-RS offset:  |           |
|                 | resources 1 and |                 |           |
|                 | 2)              | 10 for CSI-RS   |           |
|                 |                 | resources 1 and |           |
|                 | 11 (for CSI-RS  | 2               |           |
|                 | resources 3 and |                 |           |
|                 | 4)              | 11 for CSI-RS   |           |
|                 |                 | resources 3 and |           |
|                 |                 | 4               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS          |           |
|                 |                 | periodicity: 20 |           |
|                 |                 | slots           |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

##### 5.2.1.1.2.5 Test Requirement {#test-requirement-1 .H6}

Table 5.2.1.1.2.5-1 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 and A.3.2.3 for each
throughput test shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table
5.2.1.1.2.5-1 the specified SNR including test tolerances for all
throughput tests.

Table 5.2.1.1.2.5-1: Test Requirements for Rank 1 with reduced baseband
bandwidth

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       | (Note | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       | 1)    | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | QPSK, | T     | 2x1   | 70    | 4.4 + |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 0.30  | DLB10 | Low   |       | 0.9   |
|       | 1-1.5 |       |       | 0-400 |       |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | R.P   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | DSCH. |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1-2.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | H     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | D-FDD |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-2   | R.PD  | 10 /  | 1     | T     | 2x1   | 70    | 12.3  |
|       | SCH.1 | 15    | 6QAM, | DLC30 | Low   |       | + 0.9 |
|       | -25.1 |       | 0.48  | 0-100 |       |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | R.P   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | DSCH. |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1-2.3 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | H     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | D-FDD |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-3   | R.PD  | 10 /  | 6     | TDLA  | 2x1   | 70    | 16.1  |
|       | SCH.1 | 15    | 4QAM, | 30-10 | Low   |       | + 1.0 |
|       | -12.4 |       | 0.50  |       |       |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | R.P   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | DSCH. |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1-4.1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | H     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | D-FDD |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Ap    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plied |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| refe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pends |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| on    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| supp  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orted |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| oper  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mode: |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HD    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -FDD. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| index |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-1,  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-2,  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-3   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| only  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| appli |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cable |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UE    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| duced |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bas   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eband |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bandw |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idth. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 5.2.1.1.2.5-2: Test Requirements for Rank 1 without reduced
baseband bandwidth

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       | (Note | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       | 1)    | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 2-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | QPSK, | T     | 2x1   | 70    | 3.9 + |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 0.30  | DLB10 | Low   |       | 0.9   |
|       | 1-1.1 |       |       | 0-400 |       |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | R.P   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | DSCH. |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1-1.1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | H     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | D-FDD |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 2-2   | R.PD  | 10 /  | 1     | T     | 2x1   | 70    | 12.5  |
|       | SCH.1 | 15    | 6QAM, | DLC30 | Low   |       | + 0.9 |
|       | -12.3 |       | 0.48  | 0-100 |       |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | R.P   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | DSCH. |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1-2.4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | H     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | D-FDD |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 2-3   | R.PD  | 10 /  | 6     | TDLA  | 2x1   | 70    | 16.1  |
|       | SCH.1 | 15    | 4QAM, | 30-10 | Low   |       | + 0.9 |
|       | -12.4 |       | 0.50  |       |       |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | R.P   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | DSCH. |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1-4.1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | H     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | D-FDD |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Ap    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plied |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| refe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pends |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| on    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| supp  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orted |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| oper  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mode: |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HD    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -FDD. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| index |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2-1,  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2-2,  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2-3   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| only  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| appli |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cable |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UE    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| wi    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| thout |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| duced |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bas   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eband |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bandw |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idth, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| suppo |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rting |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eR    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| edCap |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NotRe |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| duced |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BB-BW |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -r18. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

#### 5.2.1.2 TDD

##### 5.2.1.2.1 1Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH performance for RedCap

##### 5.2.1.2.1.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-2 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance mapping Type A under 1 receive antenna
conditions with different channel models and MCSs for a specified
downlink Reference Measurement Channel (RMC) to achieve a certain
throughput.

##### 5.2.1.2.1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-2 .H6}

This test case applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward that
support NR RedCap.

##### 5.2.1.2.1.3 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-2 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.1.2.1.3-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.1.2.1.3-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.1.2.1.3-1.

Table 5.2.1.2.1.3-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                        Test index
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 2 receive antenna conditions and with different channel models, MCSs for RedCap UEs   1-1, 1-2, 1-3, 1-4

Table 5.2.1.2.1.3-2: Test parameters

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Parameter      | Unit           | Value          |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Duplex mode    |                | TDD            |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Active DL BWP  |                | 1              |                |
| index          |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH          | Mapping type   |                | Type A         |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | k0             |                | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Starting       |                | 2              |
|                | symbol (S)     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Length (L)     |                | Specific to    |
|                |                |                | each Reference |
|                |                |                | channel        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PDSCH          |                | 1              |
|                | aggregation    |                |                |
|                | factor         |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | Static         |
|                | type           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | 4 for Test     |
|                | size           |                | 1-1,           |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | 2 for other    |
|                |                |                | tests          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Resource       |                | Type 0         |
|                | allocation     |                |                |
|                | type           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | RBG size       |                | Config2        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N              |
|                | mapping type   |                | on-interleaved |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N/A            |
|                | mapping        |                |                |
|                | interleaver    |                |                |
|                | bundle size    |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH DMRS     | DMRS Type      |                | Type 1         |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Number of      |                | 2 for Test     |
|                | additional     |                | 1-1,           |
|                | DMRS           |                |                |
|                |                |                | 1 for other    |
|                |                |                | tests          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Maximum number |                | 1              |
|                | of OFDM        |                |                |
|                | symbols for DL |                |                |
|                | front loaded   |                |                |
|                | DMRS           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CSI-RS for     | First OFDM     |                | Table 5.2-1    |
| tracking       | symbol in the  |                |                |
|                | PRB used for   |                |                |
|                | CSI-RS         |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-RS         | Slots          | Table 5.2-1    |
|                | periodicity    |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-RS offset  | Slots          | Table 5.2-1    |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Frequency      |                | Table 5.2-1    |
|                | Occupation     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Number of HARQ |                | 8              |                |
| Processes      |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| The number of  |                | Specific to    |                |
| slots between  |                | each TDD UL-DL |                |
| PDSCH and      |                | pattern and as |                |
| corresponding  |                | defined in     |                |
| HARQ-ACK       |                | Annex A.1.2    |                |
| information    |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.1.2.1.3-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.2-1.5 TDD    20 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-1A           TDLB100-400             2x1 Low                                        70                                   3.8
  1-2         R.PDSCH.2-26.1 TDD   20 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            TDLC300-100             2x1 Low                                        70                                   12.3
  1-3         R.PDSCH.2-3.5 TDD    20 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.50                       FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               2x1 Low                                        70                                   17.1
  1-4         R.PDSCH.2-4.3 TDD    20 / 30                                      256QAM, 0.67                      FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               2x1 Low                                        70                                   25.5

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.1.2.1.

##### 5.2.1.2.1.4 Test description {#test-description-2 .H6}

##### 5.2.1.2.1.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-2 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.0
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2A-1 to Table 5.2A-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.2.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.5. Message
contents are defined in clause 5.2.1.2.1.4.3.

##### 5.2.1.2.1.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-2 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.1.2.1.3-2. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.1.2.1.5-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G.1.5. Count the number of
NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL and decide pass or fail according to
Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each test points in Table 5.2.1.2.1.5-1
as appropriate.

##### 5.2.1.2.1.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-2 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2 with the following exceptions:

Table 5.2.1.2.1.4.3-1: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                                               
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ---------------------------- --------------------------------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                      Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                        
  prb-BundlingType CHOICE {                                                                          
  staticBundling SEQUENCE {                                                                          
  bundleSize                                             n4, n2         n4 for test 1-1              test 1-1
                                                         Not present    n2 will be used by default   test point other than test 1-1
  }                                                                                                  
  }                                                                                                  
  }                                                                                                  

Table 5.2.1.2.1.4.3-2: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI Tracking

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-9 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CS              |                 |                 |           |
| I-ResourcePerio |                 |                 |           |
| dicityAndOffset |                 |                 |           |
| ::= CHOICE {    |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| slots40         | 20 (for CSI-RS  | CSI-RS offset:  |           |
|                 | resources 1 and |                 |           |
|                 | 2)              | 20 for CSI-RS   |           |
|                 |                 | resources 1 and |           |
|                 | 21 (for CSI-RS  | 2               |           |
|                 | resources 3 and |                 |           |
|                 | 4)              | 21 for CSI-RS   |           |
|                 |                 | resources 3 and |           |
|                 |                 | 4               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS          |           |
|                 |                 | periodicity: 40 |           |
|                 |                 | slots           |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

##### 5.2.1.2.1.5 Test Requirement {#test-requirement-2 .H6}

Table 5.2.1.2.1. 5-1defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.1.2.1.5-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.1.2.1.5-1: Test Requirements for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.2-1.5 TDD    20 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-1A           TDLB100-400             2x1 Low                                        70                                   4.7
  1-2         R.PDSCH.2-26.1 TDD   20 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            TDLC300-100             2x1 Low                                        70                                   13.2
  1-3         R.PDSCH.2-3.5 TDD    20 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.50                       FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               2x1 Low                                        70                                   18.1
  1-4         R.PDSCH.2-4.3 TDD    20 / 30                                      256QAM, 0.67                      FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               2x1 Low                                        70                                   26.5

##### 5.2.1.2.2 1Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH performance for eRedCap

Editor\'s Note: This test cases is incomplete in following aspects:

\- SNR in test requirements table is within square brackets.

\- Test state and generic procedure are TBD in 38.508-1

##### 5.2.1.2.2.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-3 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance mapping Type A under 1 receive antenna
conditions with different channel models and MCSs for a specified
downlink Reference Measurement Channel (RMC) to achieve a certain
throughput.

##### 5.2.1.2.2.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-3 .H6}

This test case applies to all types of NR UE release 18 and forward that
support NR eRedCap.

##### 5.2.1.2.2.3 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-3 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.1.2.2.3-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.1.2.2.3-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.1.2.2.3-1.

Table 5.2.1.2.2.3-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                                                                   Test index
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 1 receive antenna conditions and with different channel models and MCSs for eRedCap UE with reduced baseband bandwidth in FR1.   1-1, 1-2, 1-3
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 1 receive antenna conditions and with different channel models and MCSs for eRedCap without reduced baseband bandwidth in FR1.   2-1, 2-2, 2-3

Table 5.2.1.2.2.3-2: Test parameters

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Parameter      | Unit           | Value          |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Duplex mode    |                | TDD            |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Active DL BWP  |                | 1              |                |
| index          |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH          | Mapping type   |                | Type A         |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | k0             |                | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Starting       |                | 2              |
|                | symbol (S)     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Length (L)     |                | Specific to    |
|                |                |                | each Reference |
|                |                |                | channel        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PDSCH          |                | 1              |
|                | aggregation    |                |                |
|                | factor         |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | Static         |
|                | type           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | 4 for Test     |
|                | size           |                | 1-1,           |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | 2 for other    |
|                |                |                | tests          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Resource       |                | Type 0         |
|                | allocation     |                |                |
|                | type           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | RBG size       |                | Config2        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N              |
|                | mapping type   |                | on-interleaved |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N/A            |
|                | mapping        |                |                |
|                | interleaver    |                |                |
|                | bundle size    |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH DMRS     | DMRS Type      |                | Type 1         |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Number of      |                | 2 for Test     |
|                | additional     |                | 1-1,           |
|                | DMRS           |                |                |
|                |                |                | 1 for other    |
|                |                |                | tests          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Maximum number |                | 1              |
|                | of OFDM        |                |                |
|                | symbols for DL |                |                |
|                | front loaded   |                |                |
|                | DMRS           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CSI-RS for     | First OFDM     |                | Table 5.2-1    |
| tracking       | symbol in the  |                |                |
|                | PRB used for   |                |                |
|                | CSI-RS         |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-RS         | Slots          | Table 5.2-1    |
|                | periodicity    |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-RS offset  | Slots          | Table 5.2-1    |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Frequency      |                | Table 5.2-1    |
|                | Occupation     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Number of HARQ |                | 8              |                |
| Processes      |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| The number of  |                | Specific to    |                |
| slots between  |                | each TDD UL-DL |                |
| PDSCH and      |                | pattern and as |                |
| corresponding  |                | defined in     |                |
| HARQ-ACK       |                | Annex A.1.2    |                |
| information    |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.1.2.2.3-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1 with reduced
baseband bandwidth (1Rx)

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.2-34.1 TDD   20 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-1A           TDLB100-400             2x1 Low                                        70                                   \[4.4\]
  1-2         R.PDSCH.2-26.2 TDD   20 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            TDLC300-100             2x1 Low                                        70                                   \[12.7\]
  1-3         R.PDSCH.2-27.2 TDD   20 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.50                       FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               2x1 Low                                        70                                   \[16.2\]

Table 5.2.1.2.2.3-4: Minimum performance for Rank 1 without reduced
baseband bandwidth

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  2-1         R.PDSCH.2-34.2 TDD   20 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-1A           TDLB100-400             2x1 Low                                        70                                   \[3.6\]
  2-2         R.PDSCH.2-26.3 TDD   20 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            TDLC300-100             2x1 Low                                        70                                   \[12.3\]
  2-3         R.PDSCH.2-27.2 TDD   20 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.50                       FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               2x1 Low                                        70                                   \[16.2\]

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.1.2.2.

##### 5.2.1.2.2.4 Test description {#test-description-3 .H6}

##### 5.2.1.2.2.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-3 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.0
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2A-1 to Table 5.2A-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.2.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.5. Message
contents are defined in clause 5.2.1.2.2.4.3.

##### 5.2.1.2.2.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-3 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.1.2.2.3-2. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.1.2.2.5-1 or Table 5.2.1.2.2.5-2 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G.1.5. Count the number of
NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL and decide pass or fail according to
Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each test points in Table 5.2.1.2.2.5-1
or Table 5.2.1.2.2.5-2 as appropriate.

##### 5.2.1.2.2.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-3 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2 with the following exceptions:

Table 5.2.1.2.2.4.3-1: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                                               
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ---------------------------- --------------------------------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                      Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                        
  prb-BundlingType CHOICE {                                                                          
  staticBundling SEQUENCE {                                                                          
  bundleSize                                             n4, n2         n4 for test 1-1              test 1-1
                                                         Not present    n2 will be used by default   test point other than test 1-1
  }                                                                                                  
  }                                                                                                  
  }                                                                                                  

Table 5.2.1.2.2.4.3-2: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI Tracking

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-9 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CS              |                 |                 |           |
| I-ResourcePerio |                 |                 |           |
| dicityAndOffset |                 |                 |           |
| ::= CHOICE {    |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| slots20         | 10 (for CSI-RS  | CSI-RS offset:  |           |
|                 | resources 1 and |                 |           |
|                 | 2)              | 10 for CSI-RS   |           |
|                 |                 | resources 1 and |           |
|                 | 11 (for CSI-RS  | 2               |           |
|                 | resources 3 and |                 |           |
|                 | 4)              | 11 for CSI-RS   |           |
|                 |                 | resources 3 and |           |
|                 |                 | 4               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS          |           |
|                 |                 | periodicity: 20 |           |
|                 |                 | slots           |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

##### 5.2.1.2.2.5 Test Requirement {#test-requirement-3 .H6}

Table 5.2.1.2.2.5-1 and Table 5.2.1.2.2.5-2 defines the primary level
settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.1.2.2.5-1 and
Table 5.2.1.2.2.5-2 for the specified SNR including test tolerances for
all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.1.2.2.5-1: Test Requirements for Rank 1 with reduced baseband
bandwidth (1Rx)

  Test num.                                                                                     Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1                                                                                           R.PDSCH.2-34.1 TDD   20 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-1A           TDLB100-400             2x1 Low                                        70                                   \[4.4\] + 0.9
  1-2                                                                                           R.PDSCH.2-26.2 TDD   20 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            TDLC300-100             2x1 Low                                        70                                   \[12.7\] + 0.9
  1-3                                                                                           R.PDSCH.2-27.2 TDD   20 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.50                       FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               2x1 Low                                        70                                   \[16.2\] + 1.0
  Note 1: Test index 1-1, 1-2, 1-3 is only applicable for UE with reduced baseband bandwidth.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       

Table 5.2.1.2.2.5-2: Test Requirements for Rank 1 without reduced
baseband bandwidth

  Test num.                                                                                                                               Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  2-1                                                                                                                                     R.PDSCH.2-34.2 TDD   20 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-1A           TDLB100-400             2x1 Low                                        70                                   \[3.6\] + 0.9
  2-2                                                                                                                                     R.PDSCH.2-26.3 TDD   20 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            TDLC300-100             2x1 Low                                        70                                   \[12.3\] + 0.9
  2-3                                                                                                                                     R.PDSCH.2-27.2 TDD   20 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.50                       FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               2x1 Low                                        70                                   \[16.2\] + 1.0
  Note 1: Test index 2-1, 2-2, 2-3 is only applicable for UE without reduced baseband bandwidth, supporting eRedCapNotReducedBB-BW-r18.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       

### 5.2.2 2RX requirements

#### 5.2.2.1 FDD

##### 5.2.2.1.1 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A performance

##### 5.2.2.1.1.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-4 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.1.0-3 and
Table 5.2.2.1.1.0-4, with the test parameters defined in table
5.2.2.1.1.0-2 and the downlink physical channel setup according to Annex
C.2.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.1.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.1.1.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                                   Test index
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 2 receive antenna conditions and with different channel models, MCSs and number of MIMO layers   1-1, 1-2, 1-3, 1-5, 1-6, 1-7, 1-8, 2-1, 2-2
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A HARQ soft combining performance under 2 receive antenna conditions.                                                       1-4
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A performance requirements for Enhanced Receiver Type 1 under 2 receive antenna conditions.                                 3-1
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A performance requirements with R18 DMRS                                                                                    2-3

Table 5.2.2.1.1.0-2: Test Parameters for Testing

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Parameter      | Unit           | Value          |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Duplex mode    |                | FDD            |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Active DL BWP  |                | 1              |                |
| index          |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Mapping type   |                | Type A         |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | k0             |                | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Starting       |                | 2              |
|                | symbol (S)     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Length (L)     |                | 12             |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PDSCH          |                | 1              |
|                | aggregation    |                |                |
|                | factor         |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | Static         |
|                | type           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH          | PRB bundling   |                | 4 for Test 1-1 |
| configuration  | size           |                |                |
|                |                |                | 2 for other    |
|                |                |                | tests          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Resource       |                | Test 1-2: Type |
|                | allocation     |                | 1 with start   |
|                | type           |                | RB = 23,       |
|                |                |                | L~RBs~ = 6     |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Other tests:   |
|                |                |                | Type 0         |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | RBG size       |                | Test 1-2: N/A  |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Other tests:   |
|                |                |                | Config2        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N              |
|                | mapping type   |                | on-interleaved |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N/A            |
|                | mapping        |                |                |
|                | interleaver    |                |                |
|                | bundle size    |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | DMRS Type      |                | Type 1 for all |
|                |                |                | but Test 2-3.  |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Enhanced Type  |
|                |                |                | 1 for Test     |
|                |                |                | 2-3.           |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH DMRS     | Number of      |                | 2 for Tests    |
| configuration  | additional     |                | 1-1, 1-5, 1-6, |
|                | DMRS           |                | 1-7\           |
|                |                |                | 1 for other    |
|                |                |                | tests          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Maximum number |                | 1              |
|                | of OFDM        |                |                |
|                | symbols for DL |                |                |
|                | front loaded   |                |                |
|                | DMRS           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Antenna ports  |                | Test 2-3:      |
|                | indexes        |                | {1008, 1009}   |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Other tests:   |
|                |                |                | Table 5.2-1    |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CSI-RS for     | CSI-RS         | Slots          | Test 1-5, 1-6, |
| tracking       | periodicity    |                | 1-7:\          |
|                |                |                | 10 for CSI-RS  |
|                |                |                | resource       |
|                |                |                | 1,2,3,4.       |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Other tests:   |
|                |                |                | Table 5.2-1.   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-RS offset  | Slots          | Test 1-5, 1-6, |
|                |                |                | 1-7:\          |
|                |                |                | 1 for CSI-RS   |
|                |                |                | resource 1 and |
|                |                |                | 2\             |
|                |                |                | 2 for CSI-RS   |
|                |                |                | resource 3 and |
|                |                |                | 4.             |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Other tests:   |
|                |                |                | Table 5.2-1.   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Number of HARQ |                | 8 for Test     |                |
| Processes      |                | 1-4\           |                |
|                |                | 4 for other    |                |
|                |                | tests          |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| The number of  |                | 2              |                |
| slots between  |                |                |                |
| PDSCH and      |                |                |                |
| corresponding  |                |                |                |
| HARQ-ACK       |                |                |                |
| information    |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.2.1.1.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                         Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-1.1 FDD    10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        TDLB100-400             2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   -0.8
  1-2         R.PDSCH.1-1.2 FDD    10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        TDLC300-100             2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   0.2
  1-3         R.PDSCH.1-4.1 FDD    10 / 15                                      256QAM, 0.82                      TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   24.6
  1-4         R.PDSCH.1-2.1 FDD    10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.48                       TDLC300-100             2x2, ULA Low                                   30                                   1.1
  1-5         R.PDSCH.1-8.1 FDD    10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.48                       HST-750                 1x2                                            70                                   6.2
  1-6         R.PDSCH.1-8.2 FDD    10 / 15                                      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-972                 1x2                                            70                                   9.9
  1-7         R.PDSCH.1-8.1 FDD    10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.48                       TDLC300-600             2x2                                            70                                   8.6
  1-8         R.PDSCH.1-17.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      1024QAM, 0.79                     TDLD30-5                2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   29.5

Table 5.2.2.1.1.0-4: Minimum performance for Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                         Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  2-1         R.PDSCH.1-3.1 FDD    10 / 15                                      64QAM, 0.50                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   19.4
  2-2         R.PDSCH.2-1.1 FDD    20 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.50                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   19.7
  2-3         R. PDSCH.1-3.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      64QAM, 0.50                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   19.4

Table 5.2.2.1.1.0-5: Minimum performance for Rank 2 and Enhanced
Receiver Type 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  3-1         R.PDSCH.1-2.2 FDD   10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Medium                                70                                   17.6

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.1.1.

###### 5.2.2.1.1\_1 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A performance - 2x2 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

Editor\'s Note: This test cases is incomplete in following aspects:

\- SNR in test requirements table is within square brackets for test
point 1-6, 1-7.

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-4 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 2 receive
antenna conditions and with different channel models, MCSs and number of
MIMO layers for a specified downlink Reference Measurement Channel (RMC)
to achieve a certain throughput and as well verify the HARQ soft
combining with default baseline receiver configuration, for Rank 1 and
Rank 2 scenarios.

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-4 .H6}

This test applies to all types of UE release 15 and forward supporting
NR/5GC.

This test also applies to all types of UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC.

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-4 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-4 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.2.1.1.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for NR/5GC with *Connected without Release
On, Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for EN-DC according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.1.1\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-4 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.2.1.1\_1.4-1 and 5.2.2.1.1\_1.4-2.
The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.2.1.1\_1.4-1 and 5.2.2.1.1\_1.4-2 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Tables 5.2.2.1.1\_1.4-1
and 5.2.2.1.1\_1.4-2 as appropriate.

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-4 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for NR/5GC {#message-exceptions-for-nr5gc .H6}

Table 5.2.2.1.1\_1.3.3\_1-1: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                                               
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ---------------------------- --------------------------------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                      Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                        
  prb-BundlingType CHOICE {                                                                          
  staticBundling SEQUENCE {                                                                          
  bundleSize                                             n4             n4 for test 1-1              test 1-1
                                                         Not present    n2 will be used by default   test point other than test 1-1
  }                                                                                                  
  }                                                                                                  
  }                                                                                                  

Table 5.2.2.1.1\_1.3.3\_1-2: DMRS-DownlinkConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-24                                                   
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- -------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                          Condition
  DMRS-DownlinkConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                     
  dmrs-AdditionalPosition                                pos2           For test 1-1, 1-5, 1-6 and 1-7   
                                                         pos1           For other tests                  
  }                                                                                                      

Table 5.2.2.1.1\_1.3.3\_1-3: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| Derivation Path:  |              |                   |           |
| TS 38.508-1       |              |                   |           |
| \[6\], Table      |              |                   |           |
| 5.4.2.0-25        |              |                   |           |
+===================+==============+===================+===========+
| Information       | Value/remark | Comment           | Condition |
| Element           |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| PDSCH-            |              |                   |           |
| ServingCellConfig |              |                   |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {    |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| nrofHARQ-         | n8, n4       | n8 for Test 1-4   |           |
| ProcessesForPDSCH |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | n4 for other      |           |
|                   |              | tests             |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| }                 |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.1.1\_1.3.3\_1-4: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Tracking

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-9 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CS              |                 |                 |           |
| I-ResourcePerio |                 |                 |           |
| dicityAndOffset |                 |                 |           |
| ::= CHOICE {    |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| slots10         | 1 (for CSI-RS   | For test 1-5,   |           |
|                 | resources 1 and | 1-6, 1-7:       |           |
|                 | 2)              |                 |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS offset:  |           |
|                 | 2 (for CSI-RS   |                 |           |
|                 | resources 3 and | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 | 4)              | resources 1 and |           |
|                 |                 | 2               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resources 3 and |           |
|                 |                 | 4               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS          |           |
|                 |                 | periodicity: 10 |           |
|                 |                 | slots           |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| slots40         | 20 (for CSI-RS  | For test 2-2:   |           |
|                 | resources 1 and |                 |           |
|                 | 2)              | CSI-RS offset:  |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 21 (for CSI-RS  | 20 for CSI-RS   |           |
|                 | resources 3 and | resources 1 and |           |
|                 | 4)              | 2               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | 21 for CSI-RS   |           |
|                 |                 | resources 3 and |           |
|                 |                 | 4               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS          |           |
|                 |                 | periodicity: 40 |           |
|                 |                 | slots           |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| slots20         | 10 (for CSI-RS  | For other       |           |
|                 | resources 1 and | tests:          |           |
|                 | 2)              |                 |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS offset:  |           |
|                 | 11 (for CSI-RS  |                 |           |
|                 | resources 3 and | 10 for CSI-RS   |           |
|                 | 4)              | resources 1 and |           |
|                 |                 | 2               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | 11 for CSI-RS   |           |
|                 |                 | resources 3 and |           |
|                 |                 | 4               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS          |           |
|                 |                 | periodicity: 20 |           |
|                 |                 | slots           |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for EN-DC {#message-exceptions-for-en-dc .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.1\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-4 .H6}

Tables 5.2.2.1.1\_1.4-1 and 5.2.2.1.1\_1.4-2 define the primary level
settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.1.1\_1.4-1 and
Table 5.2.2.1.1\_1.4-2 for the specified SNR including test tolerances
for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.1.1\_1.4-1: Test Requirements for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Modulation format   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                             Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-1.1 FDD   QPSK, 0.30          TDLB100-400             2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   0.1
  1-2         R.PDSCH.1-1.2 FDD   QPSK, 0.30          TDLC300-100             2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   1.1
  1-3         R.PDSCH.1-4.1 FDD   256QAM, 0.82        TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   25.6
  1-4         R.PDSCH.1-2.1 FDD   16QAM, 0.48         TDLC300-100             2x2, ULA Low                                   30                                   2
  1-5         R.PDSCH.1-8.1 FDD   16QAM, 0.48         HST-750                 1x2                                            70                                   7.1
  1-6         R.PDSCH.1-8.2 FDD   64QAM, 0.43         HST-972                 1x2                                            70                                   \[10.5\]
  1-7         R.PDSCH.1-8.1 FDD   16QAM, 0.48         TDLC300-600             2x2                                            70                                   \[9.5\]

Table 5.2.2.1.1\_1.4-2: Test Requirements for Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                           Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  2-1         R.PDSCH.1-3.1 FDD   64QAM, 0.51                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   20.4
  2-2         R.PDSCH.2-1.1 FDD   64QAM, 0.51                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   20.7

###### 5.2.2.1.1\_2 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A performance - 2x2 MIMO with enhanced receiver type 1 for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_2.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-5 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 2 receive
antenna conditions and with different channel models, MCSs and number of
MIMO layers for a specified downlink Reference Measurement Channel (RMC)
to achieve a certain throughput and as well verify the HARQ soft
combining with enhanced receiver type 1 configuration, for Rank 2
scenarios.

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_2.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-5 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward
supporting NR enhanced receiver type 1.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC and NR enhanced receiver type 1.

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_2.3 Test description {#test-description-5 .H6}

Same test description as in clause 5.2.2.1.1\_1.3.

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_2.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-5 .H6}

Same initial conditions as in clause 5.2.2.1.1\_1.3.1.

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_2.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-5 .H6}

Same test procedure as in clause 5.2.2.1.1\_1.3.2.

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_2.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-5 .H6}

Same message contents as in clause 5.2.2.1.1\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_2.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa .H6}

Same message exceptions for SA as in clause 5.2.2.1.1\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_2.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa .H6}

Same message exceptions for NSA as in clause 5.2.2.1.1\_1.3.3\_2.

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_2.3.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-5 .H6}

Same test requirement as in clause 5.2.2.1.1\_1.3.4.

Table 5.2.2.1.1\_2.3.4-1: Test Requirements for Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  3-1         R.PDSCH.1-2.2 FDD   10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Medium                                70                                   18.6

###### 5.2.2.1.1\_3 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A performance -- 2x2 MIMO with baseline receiver for DL1024QAM for both SA and NSA

Editor's Note: Following aspects needs further investigation

\- DL EVM of \<= 2.5% for f \> 4.2 GHz pending further analysis by the
TE vendors.

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_3.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-6 .H6}

Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 2 receive
antenna conditions with DL1024QAM for a specified downlink Reference
Measurement Channel (RMC) to achieve a certain throughput for Rank 1
scenario.

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_3.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-6 .H6}

This test applies to all types of UE release 17 and forward supporting
NR/5GC and DL1024QAM.

This test also applies to all types of UE release 17 and forward
supporting EN-DC and DL1024QAM.

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_3.3 Test description {#test-description-6 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_3.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-6 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.2.1.1.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for NR/5GC with *Connected without Release
On, Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for EN-DC according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.1.1\_3.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_3.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-6 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.2.1.1\_3.4-1. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.2.1.1\_3.4-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_3.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-6 .H6}

Message contents are according to 38.508-1 \[6\] subclauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_3.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for NR/5GC {#message-exceptions-for-nr5gc-1 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.1\_1.3.3\_1 with the following exceptions.

Table 5.2.2.1.1\_3.3.3\_1-1: PDSCH-Config

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 Table 5.4.2.0-26                            
  ----------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                             Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                              
  mcs-Table-r17                                   qam1024                  Test 1-8
  }                                                                        

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_3.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for EN-DC {#message-exceptions-for-en-dc-1 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.1\_3.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_3.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-6 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.1.1\_3.4-1 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.1.1\_3.4-1 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.1.1\_3.4-1: Test Requirements for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                         Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-8         R.PDSCH.1-17.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      1024QAM, 0.79                     TDLD30-5                2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   30.4

###### 5.2.2.1.1\_4 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A performance -- 2x2 MIMO with enhanced DMRS for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_4.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-7 .H6}

Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 2 receive
antenna conditions with R18 enhanced DMRS.

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_4.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-7 .H6}

This test applies to all types of UE release 18 and forward supporting
NR/5GC and enhanced DMRS.

This test also applies to all types of UE release 18 and forward
supporting EN-DC and enhanced DMRS.

UE can skip Test 2-1 in 5.2.2.1.1\_1 if this test is passed.

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_4.3 Test description {#test-description-7 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_4.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-7 .H6}

Same initial conditions as in clause 5.2.2.1.1\_1.3.1.

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_4.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-7 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.2.1.1\_4.4-1. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.2.1.1\_4.4-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_4.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-7 .H6}

Message contents are according to 38.508-1 \[6\] subclauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_4.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for NR/5GC {#message-exceptions-for-nr5gc-2 .H6}

Same message contents as in clause 5.2.2.1.1\_1.3.3 with the following
exception

Table 5.2.2.1.1\_4.3.3\_1-1: DMRS-DownlinkConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-24                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  DMRS-DownlinkConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                              
  dmrs-TypeEnh-r18                                       enabled                  
  }                                                                               

Table 5.2.2.1.1\_4.3.3\_1-2: Physical layer parameters for DCI format
1\_1

  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-1                                                                                                                                                                                                            
  Parameter                                             Value                                                                                                                                                                                  Value in binary   Condition
  Antenna port(s)                                       DMRS port 8 and DMRS port 9 as per Table 7.3.1.2.2-7 in TS 38.212 (*dmrs-Type* = DMRS type 1, *dmrs-TypeEnh* is configured and *maxLength* = len1 as per Table 4.6.3-50 in 38.508-1)   "1110"            
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- -----------

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_4.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for EN-DC {#message-exceptions-for-en-dc-2 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.1\_4.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.2.1.1\_4.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-7 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.1.1\_4.4-1 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.1.1\_4.4-1 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.1.1\_4.4-1: Test Requirements for enhanced DMRS with Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                         Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  2-3         R. PDSCH.1-3.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      64QAM, 0.50                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   20.4

##### 5.2.2.1.2 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A and CSI-RS overlapped with PDSCH performance

##### 5.2.2.1.2.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-5 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.2.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in table 5.2.2.1.2.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.2.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.2.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.1.2.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                      Test index
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  \[Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 2 receive antenna conditions and CSI-RS overlapped with PDSCH\]   1-1

Table 5.2.2.1.2.0-2: Test parameters

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Parameter                          Unit                                          Value   
  ---------------------------------- --------------------------------------------- ------- ---------------------------------------
  Duplex mode                                                                      FDD     

  Active DL BWP index                                                              1       

  PDSCH configuration                Mapping type                                          Type A

                                     k0                                                    0

                                     Starting symbol (S)                                   2

                                     Length (L)                                            12

                                     PDSCH aggregation factor                              1

                                     PRB bundling type                                     Static

                                     PRB bundling size                                     2

                                     PRB size                                              Config2

                                     Resource allocation type                              Type 0

                                     VRB-to-PRB mapping type                               Non-interleaved

                                     VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size            N/A

  PDSCH DMRS configuration           DMRS Type                                             Type 1

                                     Number of additional DMRS                             1

                                     Length                                                1

  NZP CSI-RS for CSI acquisition     OFDM symbols in the PRB used for CSI-RS               l~0~ = 13

                                     CSI-RS periodicity                            Slots   5

  ZP CSI-RS for CSI acquisition      Subcarrier index in the PRB used for CSI-RS           (k~0~, k~1~, k~2~, k~3~)=(2, 4, 6, 8)

                                     Number of CSI-RS ports (X)                            8

                                     CSI-RS periodicity                            Slots   5

  Number of HARQ Processes                                                         4       

  K1 value\                                                                        2       
  (PDSCH-to-HARQ-timing-indicator)                                                         
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table 5.2.2.1.2.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-5.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.48                       TDLC300-100             2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.8

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\] clause
5.2.2.1.2.

###### 5.2.2.1.2\_1 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A and CSI-RS overlapped with PDSCH performance - 2x2 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.1.2\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-8 .H6}

Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 2 receive
antenna conditions and CSI-RS overlapped with PDSCH

##### 5.2.2.1.2\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-8 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC.

##### 5.2.2.1.2\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-8 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.2\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-8 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[8\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and section A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.2.1.1.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.1.2\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.1.2\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-8 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.2.1.2\_1.4-1. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.2.1.2\_1.4-1.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G.1.5. Count the number of
NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and decide pass
or fail according to Annex G.1.4.

##### 5.2.2.1.2\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-8 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.2.1.2\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-1 .H6}

Same as for test number 1-2 in 5.2.2.1.1\_1.3.3\_1 with following
exceptions:

Table 5.2.2.1.2\_1.3.3\_1-1: NZP CSI-RS-ResourceMapping for CSI
Acquisition

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-15                              
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ----------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment     Condition
  CSI-RS-ResourceMapping ::= SEQUENCE {                                             
  firstOFDMSymbolInTimeDomain                            13             l~0~ = 13   
  }                                                                                 

Table 5.2.2.1.2\_1.3.3\_1-2: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for ZP and
NZP CSI Acquisition

+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| Derivation Path:  |              |                   |           |
| TS 38.508-1       |              |                   |           |
| \[6\], Table      |              |                   |           |
| 5.4.2.0-16        |              |                   |           |
+===================+==============+===================+===========+
| Information       | Value/remark | Comment           | Condition |
| Element           |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| CSI-ResourcePer   |              |                   |           |
| iodicityAndOffset |              |                   |           |
| ::= CHOICE {      |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| slots5            | 0            | CSI-RS offset: 0  |           |
|                   |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | CSI-RS            |           |
|                   |              | periodicity: 5    |           |
|                   |              | slots             |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| }                 |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.1.2\_1.3.3\_1-3: ZP CSI-RS-ResourceMapping for CSI
Acquisition

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| c               |                 |                 |           |
| lause5.4.2.0-21 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CSI-RS-         |                 |                 |           |
| ResourceMapping |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| frequencyD      |                 |                 |           |
| omainAllocation |                 |                 |           |
| CHOICE {        |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| other           | 011110          | (k0, k1, k2,    |           |
|                 |                 | k3)=(2, 4, 6,   |           |
|                 |                 | 8)              |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| nrofPorts       | P8              | Number of       |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS ports    |           |
|                 |                 | (X) = 8         |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| firstOFDMSym    | 12              | l~0~ = 12       |           |
| bolInTimeDomain |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| cdm-Type        | fd-CDM2         |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| density CHOICE  |                 |                 |           |
| {               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| one             | NULL            | Density (ρ) = 1 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
|   freqBand      | CSI-Freq        | Frequency       |           |
|                 | uencyOccupation | Occupation:     |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Start PRB 0     |           |
|                 |                 | (see Table      |           |
|                 |                 | 4.6.3-33 in TS  |           |
|                 |                 | 38.508-1)       |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Number of PRB = |           |
|                 |                 | 52 (see Table   |           |
|                 |                 | 5.4.2.0-23:in   |           |
|                 |                 | TS 38.508-1     |           |
|                 |                 | \[6\].          |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.1.2\_1.3.3\_1-4: Void

##### 5.2.2.1.2\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-1 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.2\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.2.1.2\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-8 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.1.2.0-2 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.1.2\_1.4-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.1.2\_1.4-1: Test Requirements for Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-5.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.48                       TDLC300-100             2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.7

##### 5.2.2.1.3 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type B performance

##### 5.2.2.1.3.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-6 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.3.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.2.1.3.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.3.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.1.3.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                      Test index
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify PDSCH mapping Type B performance under 2 receive antenna conditions   1-1

Table 5.2.2.1.3.0-2: Test parameters

  Parameter                                                                  Unit                                                      Value   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------- -----------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                          FDD     
  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                  1       
  PDSCH configuration                                                        Mapping type                                                      Type B
                                                                             k0                                                                0
                                                                             Starting symbol (S)                                               5
                                                                             Length (L)                                                        7
                                                                             PDSCH aggregation factor                                          1
                                                                             PRB bundling type                                                 Static
                                                                             PRB bundling size                                                 2
                                                                             Resource allocation type                                          Type 0
                                                                             RBG size                                                          Config2
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                           Non-interleaved
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                        N/A
  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                   DMRS Type                                                         Type 1
                                                                             Number of additional DMRS                                         1
                                                                             Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS           1
  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                             4       
  The number of slots between PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             2       

Table 5.2.2.1.3.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-1.3 FDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   -0.9

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.1.3.

###### 5.2.2.1.3\_1 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type B performance - 2x2 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.1.3\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-9 .H6}

To verify PDSCH mapping Type B performance under 2 receive antenna
conditions.

##### 5.2.2.1.3\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-9 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward
supporting PDSCH mapping type B.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC and PDSCH mapping type B.

##### 5.2.2.1.3\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-9 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.3\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-9 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.3.4 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.2.1.3.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2, C.3.1 and uplink signals according to Annexes
G.0, G.1, G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message content are defined in clause 5.2.2.1.3\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.1.3\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-9 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.2.1.3\_1.4-1. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.2.1.3\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.2.1.3\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-9 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.6.1.

##### 5.2.2.1.3\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-2 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.1.3\_1.3.3\_1-1: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-25                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                          
  nrofHARQ-ProcessesForPDSCH                             n4                       
  }                                                                               

Table 5.2.2.1.3\_1.3.3\_1-2: PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2-19                                                                                         
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                       Value/remark   Comment                           Condition
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList::= SEQUENCE(SIZE(1..maxNrofDL-Allocations)) OF {   2 entry                                          
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  K0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeB                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      89             Start symbol(S)=5, Length(L)=7    
  }                                                                                                                                          
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  K0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      53             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=12   
  }                                                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                                                          

Table 5.2.2.1.3\_1.3.3\_1-3: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-100                                   
  ----------------------------------------------------- --------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark          Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                           
  dmrs-DownlinkForPDSCH-MappingTypeB CHOICE {                                           
  setup                                                 DMRS-DownlinkConfig             
  }                                                                                     
  }                                                                                     

##### 5.2.2.1.3\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-2 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.3\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.2.1.3\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-9 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.1.3\_1.4-1 define the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.1.3\_1.4-1 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.1.3\_1.4-1: Test Requirements for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-1.3 FDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   0.1

##### 5.2.2.1.4 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH Mapping Type A and LTE-NR coexistence performance

##### 5.2.2.1.4.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-7 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.4.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.2.1.4.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.2.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.4.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.1.4.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                   Test index
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 2 receive antenna conditions with CRS rate matching configured   1-1, 1-2

Table 5.2.2.1.4.0-2: Test parameters

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Parameter                                                                  Unit                                                      Value   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------- -----------------------------------------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                          FDD     

  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                  1       

  NR UL transmission with a 7.5 kHz shift to the LTE raster                                                                            true    

  PDCCH configuration                                                        Symbols with PDCCH                                                Symbol\# 2

                                                                             Mapping type                                                      Type A

                                                                             k0                                                                0

                                                                             Starting symbol (S)                                               3

                                                                             Length (L)                                                        9 for Test 1-1\
                                                                                                                                               11 for Test 1-2

  PDSCH configuration                                                        PDSCH aggregation factor                                          1

                                                                             PRB bundling type                                                 Static

                                                                             PRB bundling size                                                 2

                                                                             Resource allocation type                                          Type 0

                                                                             RBG size                                                          Config2

                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                           Non-interleaved

                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                        N/A

                                                                             DMRS Type                                                         Type 1

  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                   Position of the first DM-RS for downlink                          3

                                                                             Number of additional DMRS                                         1

                                                                             Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS           1

                                                                             LTE carrier centre subcarrier location                            Same as NR carrier centre subcarrier location

                                                                             LTE carrier BW                                            MHz     10

  CRS for rate matching (Note 1)                                             Number of antenna ports                                           4

                                                                             v-shift                                                           0

  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                             4       

  The number of slots between PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             2       

  Note 1: No MBSFN is configured on LTE carrier                                                                                                
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table 5.2.2.1.4.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-7.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        TDLA30-10               4x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   -1.0
  1-2         R.PDSCH.1-7.2 FDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        TDLA30-10               4x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   -1.0

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.1.4.

###### 5.2.2.1.4\_1 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH Mapping Type A and LTE-NR coexistence performance - 4x2 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.1.4\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-10 .H6}

To verify the Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 2
receive antenna conditions with CRS rate matching configured.

##### 5.2.2.1.4\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-10 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward supporting
capability IE *rateMatchingLTE-CRS but not supporting* capability IE
*additionalDMRS-DL-Alt*.

Test1-1 also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC and capability IE *rateMatchingLTE-CRS but not
supporting* capability IE *additionalDMRS-DL-Alt*.

Test 1-2 applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward supporting
capability IE *additionalDMRS-DL-Alt and* *rateMatchingLTE-CRS*.

Test 1-2 also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC and capability IE *additionalDMRS-DL-Alt and*
*rateMatchingLTE-CRS*.

##### 5.2.2.1.4\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-10 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.4\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-10 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.6
for TE diagram and section A.3.2.3 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2.2.1.4.0-2 and Table 5.2.2.1.4.0-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.1.4\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.1.4\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-10 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.2.1.4.0-3. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.2.1.4\_1.3.4-1.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

NOTE: In the test using the NR/5GC connectivity option, collisions
between NR SIB1 scheduling and LTE CRS can occur. However, these do not
impact the throughput.

##### 5.2.2.1.4\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-10 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.4\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-3 .H6}

As defined in clause 5.4.2 of TS 38.508-1 \[6\] with the following
exceptions:

Table 5.2.2.1.4\_1.3.3\_1-1: PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2-19                                                                                                      
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ---------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                       Value/remark   Comment                                        Condition
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList::= SEQUENCE(SIZE(1..maxNrofDL-Allocations)) OF {   2 entry                                                       FR1
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                      
  k0                                                                                        Not present                                                   
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                                         
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      94             Start symbol(S)=3, Length(L)=9 for Test 1-1    
                                                                                            66             Start symbol(S)=3, Length(L)=11 for Test 1-2   
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                      
  k0                                                                                        Not present                                                   
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                                         
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      66             Start symbol(S)=3, Length(L)=11 for Test 1-2   
  }                                                                                                                                                       
  }                                                                                                                                                       

Table 5.2.2.1.4\_1.3.3\_1-2: *SearchSpace*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-162 and5.4.2.0-7 using condition USS, FR1\_10MHz, Long\_DCI                              
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                                           Value/remark     Comment   Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                               
  controlResourceSetId                                                                                          2                          
  monitoringSymbolsWithinSlot                                                                                   00100000000000             
  }                                                                                                                                        

Table 5.2.2.1.4\_1.3.3\_1-3: ServingCellConfigCommon

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2-1                                       
  --------------------------------------------------- ------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark              Comment   Condition
  ServingCellConfigCommon ::= SEQUENCE {                                                  
  dmrs-TypeA-Position                                 pos3                                
  lte-CRS-ToMatchAround                               RateMatchPatternLTE-CRS             
  }                                                                                       

Table 5.2.2.1.4\_1.3.3\_1-4: RateMatchPatternLTE-CRS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2-20                                                             
  ---------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark                                    Comment   Condition
  RateMatchPatternLTE-CRS ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                         
  carrierFreqDL                                        Same as NR carrier centre subcarrier location             
  carrierBandwidthDL                                   n50                                             10MHz     
  mbsfn-SubframeConfigList                             Not present                                               
  nrofCRS-Ports                                        n4                                                        
  v-Shift                                              n0                                                        
  }                                                                                                              

Table 5.2.2.1.4\_1.3.3\_1-5: *Void*

Table 5.2.2.1.4\_1.3.3\_1-6: *FrequencyInfoUL-SIB*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-62                            
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  FrequencyInfoUL-SIB SEQUENCE {                                                
  frequencyShift7p5khz                                 true                     
  }                                                                             

Table 5.2.2.1.4\_1.3.3\_1-7: PDCCH-ControlResourceSet

  Derivation Path: Table TS 38.508-1 \[6\], 5.4.2.0-6                                                                       
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- ---------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment                                              Condition
  ControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  controlResourceSetId                                  2                                                                   SA
  duration                                              1              SearchSpace duration of 1 symbol from third symbol   
  }                                                                                                                         

Table 5.2.2.1.4\_1.3.3\_1-8: *Void*

Table 5.2.2.1.4\_1.3.3\_1-9: *SearchSpace for CSS*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-162 and 5.4.2.0.7 using condition CSS, FR1\_10MHz, Long\_DCI                                                           
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------- -------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                                            Value/remark                       Comment              Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                             
  searchSpaceId                                                                                                  SearchSpaceId with condition CSS                        CSS
  controlResourceSetId                                                                                           1                                                       
  monitoringSlotPeriodicityAndOffset CHOICE {                                                                                                                            
  sl1                                                                                                            NULL                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                                      
  duration                                                                                                       Not present                        1 slot per default   
  monitoringSymbolsWithinSlot                                                                                    00100000000000                                          
  nrofCandidates SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                              SA
  aggregationLevel2                                                                                              n1                                                      
  aggregationLevel8                                                                                              n0                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                                      

Table 5.2.2.1.4\_1.3.3\_1-10: *PDCCH-ConfigCommon*

  ---------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-96                                                                  
  Information Element                                  Value/remark                                         Comment   Condition
  PDCCH-ConfigCommon ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                   
  commonControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                             SA
  controlResourceSetId                                 1                                                              
  frequencyDomainResources                             01110000 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000             
  Duration                                             1                                                              
  cce-REG-MappingType CHOICE {                                                                                        
  nonInterleaved                                       Null                                                           
  }                                                                                                                   
  precoderGranularity                                  sameAsREG-bundle                                               
  }                                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                                   
  ---------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------- --------- -----------

Table 5.2.2.1.4\_1.3.3\_1-11: *SearchSpace for USS*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-162 and 5.4.2.0-7 using condition USS, FR1\_10MHz, Long\_DCI                              
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                                            Value/remark     Comment   Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                SA
  searchSpaceId                                                                                                  2                          
  controlResourceSetId                                                                                           2                          
  monitoringSymbolsWithinSlot                                                                                    00100000000000             
  }                                                                                                                                         

##### 5.2.2.1.4\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-3 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.4\_1.3.3\_1 with the following exceptions:

Table 5.2.2.1.4\_1.3.3\_2-1: *SearchSpace*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-162 and 5.4.2.0-7 using condition USS, FR1\_10MHz, Long\_DCI                              
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                                            Value/remark     Comment   Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                
  controlResourceSetId                                                                                           1                          
  monitoringSymbolsWithinSlot                                                                                    00100000000000             
  }                                                                                                                                         

Table 5.2.2.1.4\_1.3.3\_2-2: PDCCH-ControlResourceSet

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-6                                                                       
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- ---------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment                                              Condition
  ControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  controlResourceSetId                                  1                                                                   
  duration                                              1              SearchSpace duration of 1 symbol from third symbol   
  }                                                                                                                         

##### 5.2.2.1.4\_1.3.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-10 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.1.4.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.1.4\_1.3.4-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.1.4\_1.3.4-1: Test requirement for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-7.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        TDLA30-10               4x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   0.0
  1-2         R.PDSCH.1-7.2 FDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        TDLA30-10               4x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   0.0

##### 5.2.2.1.5 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH 0.001% BLER performance

##### 5.2.2.1.5.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-8 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.5.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.2.1.5.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.5.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.1.5.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                       Test index
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the PDSCH 0.001% BLER performance under 2 receive antenna conditions   1-1

Table 5.2.2.1.5.0-2: Test parameters

  Parameter                                                                  Unit                                                      Value   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------- -----------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                          FDD     
  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                  1       
  PDSCH configuration                                                        Mapping type                                                      Type A
                                                                             k0                                                                0
                                                                             Starting symbol (S)                                               2
                                                                             Length (L)                                                        12
                                                                             PDSCH aggregation factor                                          1
                                                                             PRB bundling type                                                 Static
                                                                             PRB bundling size                                                 2
                                                                             Resource allocation type                                          Type 0
                                                                             RBG size                                                          Config2
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                           Non-interleaved
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                        N/A
  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                   DMRS Type                                                         Type 1
                                                                             Number of additional DMRS                                         1
                                                                             Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS           1
  Maximum number of HARQ transmission                                                                                                  1       
  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                             4       
  The number of slots between PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             2       

Table 5.2.2.1.5.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value   
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Target BLER       SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-1.4 FDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.59                        AWGN                    1x2, ULA Low                                   0.001%            3.2

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.1.5.

###### 5.2.2.1.5\_1 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH 0.001% BLER performance - 1x2 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.1.5\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-11 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH 0.001% BLER performance under 2 receive antenna
conditions.

##### 5.2.2.1.5\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-11 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE *dl-64QAM-MCS-TableAlt* and capability IE *cqi-TableAlt*.

##### 5.2.2.1.5\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-11 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.5\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-11 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.2
for TE diagram and section A.3.2.3 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2.2.1.5.0-2 and Table 5.2.2.1.5.0-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.1.5\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.1.5\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-11 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.2.1.5.0-3. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.2.1.5\_1.3.4-1.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.4. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.4.3-1 in Annex G.

##### 5.2.2.1.5\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-11 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.5\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-4 .H6}

As defined in clause 5.4.2 of TS 38.508-1 \[6\] with the following
exceptions:

Table 5.2.2.1.5\_1.3.3\_1-1: PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2-19                                                                                         
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                       Value/remark   Comment                           Condition
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList::= SEQUENCE(SIZE(1..maxNrofDL-Allocations)) OF {   2 entry                                          FR1
  mcs-Table                                                                                 qam64LowSE                                       
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  k0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      53             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=12   
  }                                                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                                                          

##### 5.2.2.1.5\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-4 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.5\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.2.1.5\_1.3.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-11 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.1.5.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.1.5\_1.3.4-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.1.5\_1.3.4-1: Test requirement for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value   
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Target BLER       SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-1.4 FDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.59                        AWGN                    1x2, ULA Low                                   0.001%            4.3

##### 5.2.2.1.6 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH repetitions over multiple slots performance

##### 5.2.2.1.6.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-9 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.6.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.2.1.6-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.6.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.1.6.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                           Test index
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the PDSCH repetitions over multiple slots performance under 2 receive antenna conditions   1-1

Table 5.2.2.1.6.0-2: Test parameters

  Parameter                                                                                      Unit                                                      Value   
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------- -----------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                                              FDD     
  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                                      1       
  PDSCH configuration                                                                            Mapping type                                                      Type A
                                                                                                 k0                                                                0
                                                                                                 Starting symbol (S)                                               2
                                                                                                 Length (L)                                                        12
                                                                                                 PDSCH aggregation factor                                          2
                                                                                                 PRB bundling type                                                 Static
                                                                                                 PRB bundling size                                                 2
                                                                                                 Resource allocation type                                          Type 0
                                                                                                 RBG size                                                          Config2
                                                                                                 VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                           Non-interleaved
                                                                                                 VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                        N/A
  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                                       DMRS Type                                                         Type 1
                                                                                                 Number of additional DMRS                                         1
                                                                                                 Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS           1
  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                                                 4       
  The number of slots between final repetition of PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             2       

Table 5.2.2.1.6.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

  Test num.                                                                                                                                                                                           Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value   
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Target BLER       SNR (dB)
  1-1                                                                                                                                                                                                 R.PDSCH.1-11.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.54                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   1% (Note 1)       1.6
  Note 1: BLER is defined as residual BLER; i.e. ratio of incorrectly received transport blocks / sent transport blocks, independently of the number HARQ transmission(s) for each transport block.                                                                                                                                                                                                

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.1.6.

###### 5.2.2.1.6\_1 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH repetitions over multiple slots performance - 2x2 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.1.6\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-12 .H6}

To Verify the PDSCH repetitions over multiple slots performance under 2
receive antenna conditions.

##### 5.2.2.1.6\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-12 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE dl-64QAM-MCS-TableAlt and *pdsch-RepetitionMultiSlots*.

Test 1-1 also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 16 and forward
supporting EN-DC and capability IE dl-64QAM-MCS-TableAlt and
pdsch-RepetitionMultiSlots.

##### 5.2.2.1.6\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-12 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.6\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-12 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.2
for TE diagram and section A.3.2.3 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2.2.1.6.0-2 and Table 5.2.2.1.6.0-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.1.6\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.1.6\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-12 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.2.1.5.0-3. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC. The UE may expect that the TB is repeated
with same symbol allocation among each of the *pdsch-AggregationFactor*
consecutive slots.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.2.1.5\_1.3.4-1.

3\. Measure the BLER for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the number of
correctly and incorrectly received transport bloks based on ACK/NACK
feedback on the UL during each subtest and decide pass or fail according
to clause G.1.5 and Table G.1.5-1a in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.2.1.6\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-12 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.6\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA & NSA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-nsa .H6}

As defined in clause 5.4.2 of TS 38.508-1 \[6\] with the following
exceptions:

Table 5.2.2.1.6\_1.3.3\_1-1: PDSCH-Config

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                     
  pdsch-AggregationFactor                                2                        
  }                                                                               

##### 5.2.2.1.6\_1.3.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-12 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.1.6.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The target BLER percentage for the downlink reference measurement
channels specified in Annex 3.2.1 for each BLER test shall meet or
exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.1.6\_1.3.4-1 for the specified
SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.1.6\_1.3.4-1: Test requirement for Rank 1

  Test num.                                                                                                                                                                                           Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value   
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Target BLER       SNR (dB)
  1-1                                                                                                                                                                                                 R.PDSCH.1-11.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.54                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   1% (Note 1)       2.5
  Note 1: BLER is defined as residual BLER; i.e. ratio of incorrectly received transport blocks / sent transport blocks, independently of the number HARQ transmission(s) for each transport block.                                                                                                                                                                                                

##### 5.2.2.1.7 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH Mapping Type B and UE processing capability 2 performance

##### 5.2.2.1.7.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-10 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.7.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.2.1.7.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.7.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.1.7.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                       Test index
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify PDSCH mapping Type B performance and UE processing capability 2 under two receive antenna conditions   1-1

Table 5.2.2.1.7.0-2: Test parameters

  Parameter                                                                  Unit                                                      Value   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------- -----------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                          FDD     
  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                  1       
  PDSCH configuration                                                        Mapping type                                                      Type B
                                                                             k0                                                                0
                                                                             Starting symbol (S)                                               2
                                                                             Length (L)                                                        2
                                                                             PDSCH aggregation factor                                          1
                                                                             PRB bundling type                                                 Static
                                                                             PRB bundling size                                                 2
                                                                             Resource allocation type                                          Type 0
                                                                             RBG size                                                          Config2
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                           Non-interleaved
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                        N/A
  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                   DMRS Type                                                         Type 1
                                                                             Number of additional DMRS                                         0
                                                                             Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS           1
  Maximum number of HARQ transmission                                                                                                  1       
  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                             2       
  The number of slots between PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             0       

Table 5.2.2.1.7.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                         Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-12.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   0.8

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.1.7.

###### 5.2.2.1.7\_1 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH Mapping Type B and UE processing capability 2 performance - 2x2 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.1.7\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-13 .H6}

To verify PDSCH mapping Type B performance and UE processing capability
2 under two receive antenna conditions.

##### 5.2.2.1.7\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-13 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE *pdsch-ProcessingType2*.

##### 5.2.2.1.7\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-13 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.7\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-13 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and section A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2.2.1.7.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.1.7\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.1.7\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-13 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.2.1.7.0-3. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.2.1.7\_1.4-1.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.2.1.7\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-13 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.7\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-5 .H6}

As defined in clause 5.4.2 of TS 38.508-1 \[6\] with the following
exceptions:

Table 5.2.2.1.7\_1.3.3\_1-1: PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2-19                                                                                        
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- -------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                       Value/remark   Comment                          Condition
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList::= SEQUENCE(SIZE(1..maxNrofDL-Allocations)) OF {   2 entries                                       FR1
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                        
  k0                                                                                        Not present                                     
  mappingType                                                                               typeB                                           
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      16             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=2   
  }                                                                                                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                         

Table 5.2.2.1.7\_1.3.3\_1-2: *PUCCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-112                            
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PUCCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                    FR1
  dl-DataToUL-ACK SEQUENCE (SIZE (1)) OF INTEGER {      1 entry                  
  INTEGER\[1\]                                          0              entry 1   
  }                                                                              
  }                                                                              

Table 5.2.2.1.7\_1.3.3\_1-3: Physical layer parameters for DCI format
1\_1

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.3.6.1.2.2-1                                                                                  
  --------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------- -----------
  Parameter                                                 Value                                                        Value in binary   Condition
  PDSCH-to-HARQ\_feedback timing indicator                  K1=0 as per dl-DataToUL-ACK in Table 5.2.2.1.7\_1.3.3\_1-3   "000"             

Table 5.2.2.1.7\_1.3.3\_1-4: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-25                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                          
  processingType2Enabled                                 true                     
  }                                                                               

##### 5.2.2.1.7\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-5 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.7\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.2.1.7\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-13 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.1.7.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.1.7\_1.4-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.1.7\_1.4-1: Test requirement for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                         Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-12.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   1.8

##### 5.2.2.1.8 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH pre-emption performance

##### 5.2.2.1.8.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-11 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.8.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.2.1.8.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.8.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.1.8.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                       Test index
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the PDSCH pre-emption performance under 2 receive antenna conditions   1-1

Table 5.2.2.1.8.0-2: Test parameters

+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
| Parameter         | Unit              | Value |                 |
+===================+===================+=======+=================+
| Duplex mode       |                   | FDD   |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
| Active DL BWP     |                   | 1     |                 |
| index             |                   |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
| PDCCH             | Symbols with      |       | 0, 1            |
| configuration     | PDCCH             |       |                 |
| (Note 4)          |                   |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | DCI format        |       | 2\_1            |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | timeFrequencySet  |       | 14x1            |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
| PDSCH             | Mapping type      |       | Type A          |
| configuration     |                   |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | k0                |       | 0               |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | Starting symbol   |       | 2               |
|                   | (S)               |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | Length (L)        |       | 12              |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | PDSCH aggregation |       | 1               |
|                   | factor            |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | PRB bundling type |       | Static          |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | PRB bundling size |       | 2               |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | Resource          |       | Type 0          |
|                   | allocation type   |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | RBG size          |       | Config2         |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | VRB-to-PRB        |       | Non-interleaved |
|                   | mapping type      |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | VRB-to-PRB        |       | N/A             |
|                   | mapping           |       |                 |
|                   | interleaver       |       |                 |
|                   | bundle size       |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
| PDSCH DMRS        | DMRS Type         |       | Type 1          |
| configuration     |                   |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | Number of         |       | 1               |
|                   | additional DMRS   |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | Maximum number of |       | 1               |
|                   | OFDM symbols for  |       |                 |
|                   | DL front loaded   |       |                 |
|                   | DMRS              |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
| Pre-emption       | Starting symbol   |       | 3               |
| configuration     | (S)               |       |                 |
| (Note 2)          |                   |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | Length (L)        |       | 2               |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | Pre-emption       | Slots | 10/1            |
|                   | periodicity and   |       |                 |
|                   | offset (Note 3)   |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
| Number of HARQ    |                   | 4     |                 |
| Processes         |                   |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
| The number of     |                   | 2     |                 |
| slots between     |                   |       |                 |
| PDSCH and         |                   |       |                 |
| corresponding     |                   |       |                 |
| HARQ-ACK          |                   |       |                 |
| information       |                   |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
| Note 1: Void      |                   |       |                 |
|                   |                   |       |                 |
| Note 2:           |                   |       |                 |
| Interference      |                   |       |                 |
| modelled as       |                   |       |                 |
| random data on    |                   |       |                 |
| pre-empted REs.   |                   |       |                 |
|                   |                   |       |                 |
| Note 3:           |                   |       |                 |
| Pre-emption is    |                   |       |                 |
| scheduled with a  |                   |       |                 |
| fixed scheduling  |                   |       |                 |
| with 10%          |                   |       |                 |
| probability       |                   |       |                 |
| within 10ms       |                   |       |                 |
| periodicity.      |                   |       |                 |
|                   |                   |       |                 |
| Note 4: In        |                   |       |                 |
| addition to PDCCH |                   |       |                 |
| configuration in  |                   |       |                 |
| Table 5.2-1.      |                   |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+

Table 5.2.2.1.8.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | 16QAM | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 10.5  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    |       | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-2.5 |       | 0.64  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.1.8.

###### 5.2.2.1.8\_1 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH pre-emption performance - 2x2 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.1.8\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-14 .H6}

To Verify the PDSCH pre-emption performance under 2 receive antenna
conditions.

##### 5.2.2.1.8\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-14 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE *pre-EmptIndication-DL-r16*.

##### 5.2.2.1.8\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-14 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.8\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-14 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and section A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2.2.1.8.0-2 and Table 5.2.2.1.8.0-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.1.8\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.1.8\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-14 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.2.1.8.0-3. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. SS transmits PDCCH DCI format 2\_1 for int\_RNTI with 10%
probability to transmit the DL Preemption indication according to Table
5.2.2.1.8.0-2. In the time and frequency set indicated by PDCCH DCI
format 2\_1, SS stops transmission of PDSCH.

3\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.2.1.8\_1.3.4-1.

4\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.2.1.8\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-14 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.8\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-6 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.1.8\_1.3.3\_1-1: PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2-19                                                                                         
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                       Value/remark   Comment                           Condition
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList::= SEQUENCE(SIZE(1..maxNrofDL-Allocations)) OF {   2 entry                                          FR1
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  k0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      53             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=12   
  }                                                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                                                          

Table 5.2.2.1.8\_1.3.3\_1-2: PDCCH-Config

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-95                                                                                                                                                           
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                      Value/remark                                                                                              Comment   Condition
  PDCCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                                  
  DownlinkPreemption ::= SEQUENCE {                                                        SS arbitrarily selects a value between '0001'H and 'FFEF'H different from the MCG (and SCG) RNTI-Value.             
  int-RNTI                                                                                                                                                                                                     
  timeFrequencySet                                                                         set0                                                                                                                
  dci-PayloadSize                                                                          14                                                                                                                  
  Int-ConfigurationPerServingCell SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxNrofServingCells)) OF SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                       
  servingCellId                                                                            ServCellIndex                                                                                                       
  positionInDCI                                                                            0                                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                            
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                            
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Table 5.2.2.1.8\_1.3.3\_1-3: Physical layer parameters for DCI format
2\_1

  -------------------------- ---------------------------- ----------------- -----------
  Parameter                  Value                        Value in binary   Condition
  Pre-emption indication 1   Indicating symbols 3 and 4   00011000000000    
  -------------------------- ---------------------------- ----------------- -----------

Table 5.2.2.1.8\_1.3.3\_1-4: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-25                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                          
  processingType2Enabled                                 true                     
  }                                                                               

Table 5.2.2.1.8\_1.3.3\_1-5: PDCCH Search *Space*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7                                                    
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment                           Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                             
  searchSpaceType CHOICE {                                                                               
  common SEQUENCE {                                                                                      
  dci-Format0-0-AndFormat1-0 SEQUENCE {                                                                  
  }                                                                                                      
  dci-Format2-1                                                        Search Space for DCI Format 2-1   
  }                                                                                                      

##### 5.2.2.1.8\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-6 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.8\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.2.1.8\_1.3.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-14 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.1.8.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.1.8\_1.3.4-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.1.8\_1.3.4-1: Minimum performance for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | 16QAM | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 11.5  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    |       | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-2.5 |       | 0.64  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.2.1.9 2Rx FDD FR1 HST-SFN performance

##### 5.2.2.1.9.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-12 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.9.0-3, with
the test parameters defined in Table 5.2.2.1.9.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.2.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.9.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.1.9.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                                    Test index
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify PDSCH performance under 2 receive antenna conditions in the HST-SFN scenario defined in B.3.2 when highSpeedDemodFlag-r16 IE \[20\] is configured   1-1

Table 5.2.2.1.9.0-2: Test Parameters for Testing

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Parameter                                                                  Unit                                                      Value   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------- ---------------------------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                          FDD     

  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                  1       

  PDSCH configuration                                                        Mapping type                                                      Type A

                                                                             k0                                                                0

                                                                             Starting symbol (S)                                               2

                                                                             Length (L)                                                        12

                                                                             PDSCH aggregation factor                                          1

                                                                             PRB bundling type                                                 Static

                                                                             PRB bundling size                                                 2

                                                                             Resource allocation type                                          Type 0

                                                                             RBG size                                                          Config2

                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                           Non-interleaved

                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                        N/A

  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                   DMRS Type                                                         Type 1

                                                                             Number of additional DMRS                                         2

                                                                             Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS           1

  CSI-RS for tracking                                                        CSI-RS periodicity                                        Slots   10 for CSI-RS resource 1,2,3,4.

                                                                             CSI-RS offset                                             Slots   1 for CSI-RS resource 1 and 2\
                                                                                                                                               2 for CSI-RS resource 3 and 4.

  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                             4       

  The number of slots between PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             2       
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table 5.2.2.1.9.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-8.3 FDD   10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   13.0

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.1.9.

###### 5.2.2.1.9\_1 2Rx FDD FR1 HST-SFN performance - 2x2 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.1.9\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-15 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance under 2 receive antennas conditions in
the HST-SFN scenario defined in B.3.2 when *highSpeedDemodFlag-r16* IE
\[20\] is configured and with different channel models, MCSs and number
of MIMO layers for a specified downlink Reference Measurement Channel
(RMC) to achieve a certain throughput and as well verify the HARQ soft
combining with default baseline receiver configuration, for Rank 2
scenarios.

##### 5.2.2.1.9\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-15 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward
supporting enhanced demodulation processing for HST-SFN joint
transmission scheme.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC that supporting enhanced demodulation processing for
HST-SFN joint transmission scheme.

##### 5.2.2.1.9\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-15 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.9\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-15 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.2.1.9.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.1.9\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.1.9\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-15 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.2.1.9\_1.4-1. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.2.1.9\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Tables 5.2.2.1.9\_1.4-1
as appropriate.

##### 5.2.2.1.9\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-15 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.2.1.9\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-7 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.1.9\_1.3.3\_1-1: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                                    
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ----------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment           Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                             
  prb-BundlingType CHOICE {                                                               
  staticBundling SEQUENCE {                                                               
  bundleSize                                             Not present    n2 for test 1-1   
  }                                                                                       
  }                                                                                       
  }                                                                                       

Table 5.2.2.1.9\_1.3.3\_1-2: DMRS-DownlinkConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-24                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- -------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment        Condition
  DMRS-DownlinkConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                   
  dmrs-AdditionalPosition                                pos2           for test 1-1   
  }                                                                                    

Table 5.2.2.1.9\_1.3.3\_1-3: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-25                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- -------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment        Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                               
  nrofHARQ-ProcessesForPDSCH                             n4             for test 1-1   
  }                                                                                    

Table 5.2.2.1.9\_1.3.3\_1-4: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Tracking

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-9 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CS              |                 |                 |           |
| I-ResourcePerio |                 |                 |           |
| dicityAndOffset |                 |                 |           |
| ::= CHOICE {    |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| slots10         | 1 for CSI-RS    | For test 1-1:   |           |
|                 | resource \#1    |                 |           |
|                 | and \#2         | offset = 1 for  |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | 2 for CSI-RS    | 1 and 2         |           |
|                 | resource \#3    |                 |           |
|                 | and \#4         | offset =2 for   |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 |                 | 3 and 4.        |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

##### 5.2.2.1.9\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-7 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.9\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.2.1.9\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-15 .H6}

Tables 5.2.2.1.9\_1.4-1 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.1.9\_1.4-1 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.1.9\_1.4-1: Test Requirements for Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-8.3 FDD   10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   13.6

##### 5.2.2.1.10 2Rx FDD FR1 HST DPS performance

##### 5.2.2.1.10.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-13 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.10.0-3, with
the test parameters defined in Table 5.2.2.1.10.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.2.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.10.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.1.10.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                          Test index
  ---------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify UE performance in the HST-DPS scenario defined in B.3.3   1-1, 1-2

Table 5.2.2.1.10.0-2: Test Parameters for Testing

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Parameter   | Unit        | Value       |             |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| Duplex mode |             | FDD         |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Active DL   |             | 1           |             |             |
| BWP index   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDCCH       | TCI state   |             | Note 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH       | Mapping     |             | Type A      |             |
| co          | type        |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | k0          |             | 0           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Starting    |             | 2           |             |
|             | symbol (S)  |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Length (L)  |             | 12          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PDSCH       |             | 1           |             |
|             | aggregation |             |             |             |
|             | factor      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | Static      |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | 2           |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | size        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    |             | Type 0      |             |
|             | allocation  |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | RBG size    |             | Config2     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | Non-        |             |
|             | mapping     |             | interleaved |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | N/A         |             |
|             | mapping     |             |             |             |
|             | interleaver |             |             |             |
|             | bundle size |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | TCI state   |             | Note 1      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH DMRS  | DMRS Type   |             | Type 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 2           |             |
|             | additional  |             |             |             |
|             | DMRS        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Maximum     |             | 1           |             |
|             | number of   |             |             |             |
|             | OFDM        |             |             |             |
|             | symbols for |             |             |             |
|             | DL front    |             |             |             |
|             | loaded DMRS |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CSI-RS for  | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 5    |
| tracking    | set \#1     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 1  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 3       |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 9    |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 2  |
|             |             |             |             | and 4       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 10 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 1,2,3,4.    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | and 2\      |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 3  |
|             |             |             |             | and 4       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#2         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 6    |
|             | set \#2     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 5  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 7       |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 10   |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 6  |
|             |             |             |             | and 8       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 10 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 5,6,7,8.    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 5  |
|             |             |             |             | and 6\      |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 7  |
|             |             |             |             | and 8       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#3         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NZP CSI-RS  | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 12   |
| for CSI     | set \#3     | symbol in   |             |             |
| acquisition |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#0         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 13   |
|             | set \#4     | symbol in   |             |             |
|             |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#1         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#0         | information | resource    |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#1\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#1         | information | resource    |             | resource 5  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#2\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#0     |
| \#2         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#1     |
| \#3         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Number of   |             | 4           |             |             |
| HARQ        |             |             |             |             |
| Processes   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| The number  |             | 2           |             |             |
| of slots    |             |             |             |             |
| between     |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| rresponding |             |             |             |             |
| HARQ-ACK    |             |             |             |             |
| information |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Note 1: SSB |             |             |             |             |
| \# (k mod   |             |             |             |             |
| 2) , CSI-RS |             |             |             |             |
| (for        |             |             |             |             |
| tracking)   |             |             |             |             |
| resource    |             |             |             |             |
| set \# ((k  |             |             |             |             |
| mod 2) + 1) |             |             |             |             |
| and CSI-RS  |             |             |             |             |
| (for CSI    |             |             |             |             |
| a           |             |             |             |             |
| cquisition) |             |             |             |             |
| resource    |             |             |             |             |
| set \# ((k  |             |             |             |             |
| mod 2) + 3) |             |             |             |             |
| are         |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| by k^th^    |             |             |             |             |
| RRH.        |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| For Test    |             |             |             |             |
| 1-1, TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| state       |             |             |             |             |
| switching   |             |             |             |             |
| command     |             |             |             |             |
| scheduled   |             |             |             |             |
| by MAC CE   |             |             |             |             |
| with PDSCH  |             |             |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
| - MCS 4,    |             |             |             |             |
| Layer 1,    |             |             |             |             |
| StartRB 24, |             |             |             |             |
| NumOfRB 28  |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| in slot \#i |             |             |             |             |
| that        |             |             |             |             |
| s           |             |             |             |             |
| atisfy$\tex |             |             |             |             |
| t{\ mod}\le |             |             |             |             |
| ft( i,2n \r |             |             |             |             |
| ight) = n$. |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH       |             |             |             |             |
| associated  |             |             |             |             |
| with TCI \# |             |             |             |             |
| (k mod 2)   |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| by k^th^    |             |             |             |             |
| RRH from    |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| slot\#      |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| $$max       |             |             |             |             |
| \lbrack\lef |             |             |             |             |
| t( 2k - 1 \ |             |             |             |             |
| right)n + 1 |             |             |             |             |
|  + T_{\text |             |             |             |             |
| {HARQ}} + T |             |             |             |             |
| _{\text{MAC |             |             |             |             |
| \ proc}} +  |             |             |             |             |
| T_{\text{fi |             |             |             |             |
| rstTRS}} +  |             |             |             |             |
| T_{\text{TR |             |             |             |             |
| S\ proc}},\ |             |             |             |             |
|  0\rbrack$$ |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| to          |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| slot\#      |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| $\l         |             |             |             |             |
| eft( 2k + 1 |             |             |             |             |
|  \right)n$, |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH are   |             |             |             |             |
| DTXed in    |             |             |             |             |
| other slots |             |             |             |             |
| in which    |             |             |             |             |
| throughput  |             |             |             |             |
| statistics  |             |             |             |             |
| are not     |             |             |             |             |
| considered. |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| For Test    |             |             |             |             |
| 1-2, TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| state       |             |             |             |             |
| switching   |             |             |             |             |
| command     |             |             |             |             |
| scheduled   |             |             |             |             |
| by MAC CE   |             |             |             |             |
| with PDSCH  |             |             |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
| - MCS 4,    |             |             |             |             |
| Layer 1,    |             |             |             |             |
| StartRB 24, |             |             |             |             |
| NumOfRB 28  |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| in slot \#i |             |             |             |             |
| that        |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| s           |             |             |             |             |
| atisfy$\tex |             |             |             |             |
| t{\ mod}\le |             |             |             |             |
| ft( i,2n \r |             |             |             |             |
| ight) = n$. |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH       |             |             |             |             |
| associated  |             |             |             |             |
| with TCI \# |             |             |             |             |
| (k mod 2)   |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| by k^th^    |             |             |             |             |
| RRH from.   |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| slot\#      |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| $$ma        |             |             |             |             |
| x\lbrack\le |             |             |             |             |
| ft( 2k - 1  |             |             |             |             |
| \right)n +  |             |             |             |             |
| 1 + T_{\tex |             |             |             |             |
| t{HARQ}} +  |             |             |             |             |
| T_{\text{MA |             |             |             |             |
| C\ proc}},\ |             |             |             |             |
|  0\rbrack$$ |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| to          |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| slot\#      |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| $$\lef      |             |             |             |             |
| t( 2k + 1 \ |             |             |             |             |
| right)n\ $$ |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH are   |             |             |             |             |
| DTXed in    |             |             |             |             |
| other slots |             |             |             |             |
| in which    |             |             |             |             |
| throughput  |             |             |             |             |
| statistics  |             |             |             |             |
| are not     |             |             |             |             |
| considered. |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| Where k=0,  |             |             |             |             |
| 1, 2... is  |             |             |             |             |
| the RRH     |             |             |             |             |
| number, n = |             |             |             |             |
| 2520 is     |             |             |             |             |
| half of the |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| slots       |             |             |             |             |
| between two |             |             |             |             |
| RRH,        |             |             |             |             |
| $T_{\t      |             |             |             |             |
| ext{HARQ}}$ |             |             |             |             |
| = 2 is the  |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| slots       |             |             |             |             |
| between     |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| rresponding |             |             |             |             |
| HARQ-ACK    |             |             |             |             |
| i           |             |             |             |             |
| nformation, |             |             |             |             |
| $T_{\text{M |             |             |             |             |
| AC\ proc}}$ |             |             |             |             |
| = 3 is the  |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| slots for   |             |             |             |             |
| MAC CE      |             |             |             |             |
| processing, |             |             |             |             |
| $T_{\text{  |             |             |             |             |
| firstTRS}}$ |             |             |             |             |
| = 6 is the  |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| slots to    |             |             |             |             |
| first TRS   |             |             |             |             |
| t           |             |             |             |             |
| ransmission |             |             |             |             |
| occasion    |             |             |             |             |
| after MAC   |             |             |             |             |
| CE command  |             |             |             |             |
| is decoded  |             |             |             |             |
| by the UE,  |             |             |             |             |
| $T_{\text{T |             |             |             |             |
| RS\ proc}}$ |             |             |             |             |
| = 2 is the  |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| slots for   |             |             |             |             |
| TRS         |             |             |             |             |
| processing. |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Table 5.2.2.1.10.0-3: Minimum performance for HST-DPS

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Number of active PDSCH TCI states   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ----------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-8.4 FDD   10 / 15                                      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.4
  1-2         R.PDSCH.1-8.4 FDD   10 / 15                                      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.4

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.1.10.

###### 5.2.2.1.10\_1 2Rx FDD FR1 HST-DPS performance - 2x2 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.1.10\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-16 .H6}

To verify UE performance in the HST-DPS scenario defined in B.3.3 and
with different channel models, MCSs and number of MIMO layers for a
specified downlink Reference Measurement Channel (RMC) to achieve a
certain throughput and as well verify the HARQ soft combining with
default baseline receiver configuration, for Rank 2 scenarios.

##### 5.2.2.1.10\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-16 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward.

Test 1-1 also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC.

Test 1-2 applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward supporting
*maxNumberActiveTCI-PerBWP other than n1 and
maxSimultaneousResourceSetsPerCC* atleast 2.

Test 1-2 also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC and supporting *maxNumberActiveTCI-PerBWP other than n1
and maxSimultaneousResourceSetsPerCC atleast 2*.

##### 5.2.2.1.10\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-16 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.10\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-16 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.2.1.10.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.1.10\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.1.10\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-16 .H6}

##### Test 1-1: {#test-1-1 .H6}

1\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.2.1.10\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

2\. SS is configured to transmit SSB and CSI-RS continuously and
schedule PDSCH and PDCCH transmission according to Note 1 in table
5.2.2.1.10.0-2. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI
to transmit the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.2.1.10\_1.4-1. The SS
sends downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

Note: All TCI states are known to the UE through configuration inside
RrcReconfiguration. There is no need to configure additional L1-RSRP
measurements.

3\. Send MAC CE command "TCI State Indication for UE-specific PDCCH"
according to the timing described in Note 1 of table 5.2.2.1.10.0-2 to
switch from active TCI state 0 to 1 for PDCCH and vice versa
periodically. PDSCH is automatically associated with TCI state 0 or 1 as
tci-PresentInDCI is not present. TCI states 3 and 4 for SSBs are
automatically activated through relation of QCL-Info in NZP CSI-RS.

4\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

Test 1-2:

1\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.2.1.10\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

2\. SS activates TCI state 0 and TCI 1 for PDSCH at the same time via
MAC CE command "TCI States Activation/Deactivation for UE-specific
PDSCH".

3\. SS is configured to transmit SSB and CSI-RS continuously and
schedule PDSCH and PDCCH transmission according to Note 1 in table
5.2.2.1.10.0-2. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI
to transmit the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.2.1.10\_1.4-1. The SS
sends downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

Note: All TCI states are known to the UE through configuration inside
RrcReconfiguration. There is no need to configure additional L1-RSRP
measurements.

4\. Send MAC CE command "TCI State Indication for UE-specific PDCCH"
according to the timing described in Note 1 of table 5.2.2.1.10.0-2 to
switch from active TCI state 0 to 1 for PDCCH and vice versa
periodically. PDSCH is automatically associated with TCI state 0 or 1 as
tci-PresentInDCI is not present. TCI states 3 and 4 for SSBs are
automatically activated through relation of QCL-Info in NZP CSI-RS.

5\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.2.1.10\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-16 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.2.1.10\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-8 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-1: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                               
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------ ---------------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment      Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                        
  prb-BundlingType CHOICE {                                                          
  staticBundling SEQUENCE {                                                          
  bundleSize                                             Not present    n2 is used   test 1-1, 1-2
  }                                                                                  
  }                                                                                  
  }                                                                                  

Table 5.2.2.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-2: DMRS-DownlinkConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-24                                      
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment             Condition
  DMRS-DownlinkConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                        
  dmrs-AdditionalPosition                                pos2           for test 1-1, 1-2   
  }                                                                                         

Table 5.2.2.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-3: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-25                                      
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment             Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                    
  nrofHARQ-ProcessesForPDSCH                             n4             for test 1-1, 1-2   
  }                                                                                         

Table 5.2.2.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-4: NZP-CSI-RS-Resource for TRS

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-8 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| NZP-            |                 |                 |           |
| CSI-RS-Resource |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| nzp-CS          | i-1 for CSI-RS  | for test 1-1,   |           |
| I-RS-ResourceId | resource \#i,   | 1-2             |           |
|                 | i=              |                 |           |
|                 | 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| qcl-Inf         | 2 for CSI-RS    | for test 1-1,   |           |
| oPeriodicCSI-RS | resource \#1,   | 1-2:            |           |
|                 | \#2, \#3, \#4   |                 |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-StateId for |           |
|                 | 3 for CSI-RS    | TCI-State \#2   |           |
|                 | resource \#5,   | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 | \#6, \#7, \#8   | resource \#1,   |           |
|                 |                 | \#2, \#3, \#4   |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-StateId for |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-State \#3   |           |
|                 |                 | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#5,   |           |
|                 |                 | \#6, \#7, \#8   |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-5: CSI-RS-ResourceMapping for TRS (Table
5.2.2.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-4)

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-9 |                 |                 |           |
| with condition  |                 |                 |           |
| TRS             |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CSI-RS-         |                 |                 |           |
| ResourceMapping |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| firstOFDMSym    | 5 for CSI-RS    | for test 1-1,   |           |
| bolInTimeDomain | resource \#1    | 1-2:            |           |
|                 | and \#3         |                 |           |
|                 |                 | l~0~ = 5 for    |           |
|                 | 9 for CSI-RS    | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | resource \#2    | 1 and 3         |           |
|                 | and \#4         |                 |           |
|                 |                 | l~0~ = 9 for    |           |
|                 | 6 for CSI-RS    | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | resource \#5    | 2 and 4         |           |
|                 | and \#7         |                 |           |
|                 |                 | l~0~ = 6 for    |           |
|                 | 10 for CSI-RS   | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | resource \#6    | 5 and 7         |           |
|                 | and \#8         |                 |           |
|                 |                 | l~0~ = 10 for   |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 |                 | 6 and 8         |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-5A: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Tracking (Table 5.2.2.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-4)

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-9 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CS              |                 |                 |           |
| I-ResourcePerio |                 |                 |           |
| dicityAndOffset |                 |                 |           |
| ::= CHOICE {    |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| slots10         | 1 for CSI-RS    | For test 1-1,   |           |
|                 | resource \#1,   | 1-2:            |           |
|                 | \#2, \#5, \#6   |                 |           |
|                 |                 | periodicity:    |           |
|                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |                 |           |
|                 | resource \#3    | 10 slots.       |           |
|                 | \#4, \#7, \#8   |                 |           |
|                 |                 | offset:         |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 1 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 2\              |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 3 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 4               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 5 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 6\              |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 7 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 8               |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-6: NZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet for TRS

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 5.4.2.0-12     |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-       |                |                |                |
| RS-ResourceSet |                |                |                |
| ::= SEQUENCE { |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp\_CSI\      | 0 for Resource | For test 1-1,  |                |
| _ResourceSetId | set \#1        | 1-2            |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 1 for Resource |                |                |
|                | set \#2        |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 4 entries      | For test 1-1,  | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                | 1-2            | \#1            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 0              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#1   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 1              | entry 2        |                |
| esourceId\[2\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#2   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 2              | entry 3        |                |
| esourceId\[3\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#3   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 3              | entry 4        |                |
| esourceId\[4\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#4   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 4 entries      | For test 1-1,  | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                | 1-2            | \#2            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 4              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#5   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 5              | entry 2        |                |
| esourceId\[2\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#6   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 6              | entry 3        |                |
| esourceId\[3\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#7   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 7              | entry 4        |                |
| esourceId\[4\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#8   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.2.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-7: NZP-CSI-RS-Resource for CSI Acquisition

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table           |                 |                 |           |
| 5.4.2.0-14      |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| NZP-            |                 |                 |           |
| CSI-RS-Resource |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| nzp-CS          | 8 for CSI-RS    | for test 1-1,   |           |
| I-RS-ResourceId | resource \#9    | 1-2             |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 9 for CSI-RS    |                 |           |
|                 | resource \#10   |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| qcl-Inf         | 0 for CSI-RS    | for test 1-1,   |           |
| oPeriodicCSI-RS | resource \#9    | 1-2:            |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 1 for CSI-RS    | TCI-State \#0   |           |
|                 | resource \#10   | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#9    |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-State \#1   |           |
|                 |                 | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#10   |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-8: CSI-RS-ResourceMapping for CSI Acquisition
(Table 5.2.2.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-7)

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table           |                 |                 |           |
| 5.4.2.0-15      |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CSI-RS-         |                 |                 |           |
| ResourceMapping |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| firstOFDMSym    | 12 for CSI-RS   | for test 1-1,   |           |
| bolInTimeDomain | resource \#9    | 1-2             |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 13 for CSI-RS   | l~0~=12 for     |           |
|                 | resource \#10   | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 |                 | \#9             |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | l~0~=13 for     |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 |                 | \#10            |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-9: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Acquisition (Table 5.2.2.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-7)

+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| Derivation Path:  |              |                   |           |
| TS 38.508-1       |              |                   |           |
| \[6\], Table      |              |                   |           |
| 5.4.2.0-16        |              |                   |           |
+===================+==============+===================+===========+
| Information       | Value/remark | Comment           | Condition |
| Element           |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| CSI-ResourcePer   |              |                   |           |
| iodicityAndOffset |              |                   |           |
| ::= CHOICE {      |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| slots20           | 0            | For test 1-1,     |           |
|                   |              | 1-2:              |           |
|                   |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | periodicity = 20  |           |
|                   |              | slots.            |           |
|                   |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | offset = 0 slots  |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| }                 |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-10: NZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet for CSI
Acquisition

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 5.4.2.0-18     |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-       |                |                |                |
| RS-ResourceSet |                |                |                |
| ::= SEQUENCE { |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp\_CSI\      | 2 for Resource | For test 1-1,  |                |
| _ResourceSetId | set \#3        | 1-2            |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 3 for Resource |                |                |
|                | set \#4        |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 1 entry        | For test 1-1,  | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                | 1-2            | \#3            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 8              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#9   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 1 entry        | For test 1-1,  | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                | 1-2            | \#4            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 9              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#10  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.2.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-10: *TCI-State*

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 4.6.3-190      |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| TCI-State ::=  |                |                |                |
| SEQUENCE {     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| tci-StateId    | 0 for TCI      | For test 1-1,  |                |
|                | state \#0      | 1-2            |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 1 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#1      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 2 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#2      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 3 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#3      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| qcl-Type1      |                |                |                |
| SEQUENCE {     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| bwp-Id         | BWP-Id of      |                | TCI state \#0, |
|                | active BWP     |                | TCI state \#1  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Not present    |                | TCI state \#2, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#3  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| r              |                |                |                |
| eferenceSignal |                |                |                |
| CHOICE {       |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| csi-rs         | 0              | CSI-RS         | TCI state \#0  |
|                |                | resource \#1   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 4              | CSI-RS         | TCI state \#1  |
|                |                | resource \#5   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| ssb            | 0              | SSB \#0        | TCI state \#2  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 1              | SSB \#1        | TCI state \#3  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| qcl-Type       | typeA          |                | TCI state \#0, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#1  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | typeC          |                | TCI state \#2, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#3  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

##### 5.2.2.1.10\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-8 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.10\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.2.1.10\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-16 .H6}

Tables 5.2.2.1.10\_1.4-1 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.1.10\_1.4-1 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.1.10\_1.4-1: Test Requirements for HST-DPS

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Number of active PDSCH TCI states   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ----------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-8.4 FDD   10 / 15                                      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.0
  1-2         R.PDSCH.1-8.4 FDD   10 / 15                                      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.0

##### 5.2.2.1.11 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH Single-DCI based SDM scheme performance

##### 5.2.2.1.11.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-14 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.11.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.2.1.11.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.11.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.1.11.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                            Test index
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the PDSCH performance with Single-DCI based SDM scheme under 2 receive antenna conditions   1-1,1-2

Table 5.2.2.1.11.0-2: Test parameters

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        | Unit     | Value    |          |          |          |
| arameter |          |          |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          | TRxP     | TRxP     |          |          |
|          |          | \#1(Note | \#2(Note |          |          |
|          |          | 1)       | 1)       |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Transmit |          | TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |
| TRxP of  |          |          |          |          |          |
| SSB      |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDCCH    | TCI      |          | TCI      |          |          |
| confi    | state    |          | State    |          |          |
| guration |          |          | \#1      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CORESETP |          | 0        |          |          |
|          | oolIndex |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CSI-RS   | First    |          | k0=0 for | k0=1 for |          |
| for      | su       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
| tracking | bcarrier |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | index in |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | the PRB  |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | used for |          |          |          |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | First    |          | l0 = 6   | l0 = 6   |          |
|          | OFDM     |          | for      | for      |          |
|          | symbol   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | in the   |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | PRB used |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | for      |          | 1 and 3  | 5 and 7  |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | l0 = 10  | l0 = 10  |          |
|          |          |          | for      | for      |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 2 and 4  | 6 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1 for    | 1 for    |          |
|          | of       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          | resource | resource |          |
|          | ports    |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | (X)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CDM Type |          | 'No CDM' |          |          |
|          |          |          | for      |          |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   |          |          |
|          |          |          | resource |          |          |
|          |          |          | 1,2,3,4  |          |          |
|          |          |          | ,5,6,7,8 |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Density  |          | 3        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 20       |          |          |
|          | per      |          |          |          |          |
|          | iodicity |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 10 for   | 10 for   |          |
|          | offset   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 1 and 2  | 5 and 6  |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | 11 for   | 11 for   |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 3 and 4  | 7 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | QCL info |          | TCI      |          |          |
|          |          |          | state    |          |          |
|          |          |          | \#0      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Duplex   |          | FDD      |          |          |          |
| mode     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Active   |          | 1        |          |          |          |
| DL BWP   |          |          |          |          |          |
| index    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Mapping  |          | Type A   |          |          |
| confi    | type     |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | k0       |          | 0        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Starting |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | symbol   |          |          |          |          |
|          | (S)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Length   |          | 12       |          |          |
|          | (L)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | Static   |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Resource |          | Type 1   |          |          |
|          | al       |          |          |          |          |
|          | location |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RBG size |          | Config2  |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | Non-int  |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          | erleaved |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | N/A      |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          |          |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | int      |          |          |          |          |
|          | erleaver |          |          |          |          |
|          | bundle   |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Antenna  |          | 1000     | 1002     |          |
| DMRS     | port     |          |          |          |          |
| confi    | indexes  |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | TCI      |          | TCI      | TCI      |          |
|          | state    |          | State    | State    |          |
|          |          |          | \#1      | \#2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | DMRS     |          | Type 1   |          |          |
|          | Type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | of       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ad       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ditional |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Maximum  |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | number   |          |          |          |          |
|          | of OFDM  |          |          |          |          |
|          | symbols  |          |          |          |          |
|          | for DL   |          |          |          |          |
|          | front    |          |          |          |          |
|          | loaded   |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | CSI-RS   | N/A      |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          | resource |          |
| \#1      | inf      |          |          | 1 from   |          |
|          | ormation |          |          | \'CSI-RS |          |
|          |          |          |          | for      |          |
|          |          |          |          | t        |          |
|          |          |          |          | racking' |          |
|          |          |          |          | confi    |          |
|          |          |          |          | guration |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | Type A   | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | CSI-RS   |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          |          | resource |
| \#2      | inf      |          |          |          | 5 from   |
|          | ormation |          |          |          | \'CSI-RS |
|          |          |          |          |          | for      |
|          |          |          |          |          | t        |
|          |          |          |          |          | racking' |
|          |          |          |          |          | confi    |
|          |          |          |          |          | guration |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | Type A   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Resource |          | Full-ove |          |          |          |
| al       |          | rlapping |          |          |          |
| location |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Timing   | us       | -0.5 for |          |          |          |
| offset   |          | test 1-1 |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| second   |          | 2 for    |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          | test 1-2 |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F        | Hz       | 200 for  |          |          |          |
| requency |          | test 1-1 |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          | 0 for    |          |          |          |
| second   |          | test 1-2 |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Number   |          | 4        |          |          |          |
| of HARQ  |          |          |          |          |          |
| P        |          |          |          |          |          |
| rocesses |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| The      |          | 2        |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of slots |          |          |          |          |          |
| between  |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |          |          |          |          |
| and      |          |          |          |          |          |
| corre    |          |          |          |          |          |
| sponding |          |          |          |          |          |
| HARQ-ACK |          |          |          |          |          |
| inf      |          |          |          |          |          |
| ormation |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        |          | SP Type  |          |          |          |
| recoding |          | I,       |          |          |          |
| confi    |          | ind      |          |          |          |
| guration |          | ependent |          |          |          |
|          |          | p        |          |          |          |
|          |          | recoding |          |          |          |
|          |          | ge       |          |          |          |
|          |          | neration |          |          |          |
|          |          | is       |          |          |          |
|          |          | applied  |          |          |          |
|          |          | for both |          |          |          |
|          |          | TRxPs,   |          |          |          |
|          |          | random   |          |          |          |
|          |          | per slot |          |          |          |
|          |          | with PRB |          |          |          |
|          |          | bundling |          |          |          |
|          |          | gra      |          |          |          |
|          |          | nularity |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |          |          |          |          |
| tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smission |          |          |          |          |          |
| is done  |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| both     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxPs    |          |          |          |          |          |
| (PDSCH   |          |          |          |          |          |
| Layer 0  |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| tra      |          |          |          |          |          |
| nsmitted |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |          |          |
| and      |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |          |          |          |          |
| layer 1  |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| tra      |          |          |          |          |          |
| nsmitted |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| \#2)     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.2.2.1.11.0-3: Minimum performance

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  | (Note | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  | 1)    | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | (Note |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | 2)    |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    | (Note |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    | 3)    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | 6     | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 20.7  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 4QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-3.2 |       | 0.50  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-2   | R.P   | 10 /  | 6     | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 20.1  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 4QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-3.2 |       | 0.50  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| i     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ndepe |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ndent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orres |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ponds |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4.4.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sc    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aling |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| f     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| actor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1/sq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rt(2) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ransm |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| itted |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ignal |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| from  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.1.11.

###### 5.2.2.1.11\_1 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH Single-DCI based SDM scheme performance - 2x2 MIMO for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.1.11\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-17 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance with Single-DCI based SDM scheme under 2
receive antenna conditions.

##### 5.2.2.1.11\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-17 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE *singleDCI-SDM-scheme-r16*.

##### 5.2.2.1.11\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-17 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.11\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-17 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and section A.3.2.3 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2.2.1.11.0-2 and Table 5.2.2.1.11.0-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.1.11\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.1.11\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-17 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.2.1.11\_1.3.4-1. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.2.1.11\_1.3.4-1.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Table
5.2.2.1.11\_1.3.4-1 as appropriate.

##### 5.2.2.1.11\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-17 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.11\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-9 .H6}

As defined in clause 5.4.2 of TS 38.508-1 \[6\] with the following
exceptions:

Table 5.2.2.1.11\_1.3.3\_1-1: Physical layer parameters for DCI format
1\_1

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.3.6.1.2.2-1                                         
  --------------------------------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------- -----------
  Parameter                                                 Value               Value in binary   Condition
  PDSCH-to-HARQ\_feedback timing indicator                  K1 = 2              "010"             
  Antenna port(s)                                           DMRS port 0 and 2   "1011"            
  Transmission configuration indication                     TCI state 1 and 2   "000"             

Table 5.2.2.1.11\_1.3.3\_1-2: *CellGroupConfig*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-19                             
  ---------------------------------------------------- --------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark    Comment   Condition
  CellGroupConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                 
  simultaneousTCI-UpdateList1-r16 SEQUENCE {                                     
  ServCellIndex \[1\]                                  ServCellIndex             
  }                                                                              
  }                                                                              

Table 5.2.2.1.11\_1.3.3\_1-3: *ControlResourceSet*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-28                            
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  ControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                             
  tci-PresentInDCI                                     enabled                  
  }                                                                             

Table 5.2.2.1.11\_1.3.3\_1-4: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-100                                                                               
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ---------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                            Value/remark                             Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                       
  tci-StatesToAddModList SEQUENCE(SIZE (1.. maxNrofTCI-States)) OF TCI-State {   2 entries                                          
  TCI-State\[1\]                                                                 *TCI-State* with condition TCI-state-0             
  TCI-State\[2\]                                                                 *TCI-State* with condition TCI-state-1             
  TCI-State\[3\]                                                                 *TCI-State* with condition TCI-state-2             
  }                                                                                                                                 
  rbg-Size                                                                       config2                                            
  prb-BundlingType CHOICE {                                                                                                         
  staticBundling SEQUENCE {                                                                                                         
  bundleSize                                                                     Not present                                        
  }                                                                                                                                 
  }                                                                                                                                 
  }                                                                                                                                 

Table 5.2.2.1.11\_1.3.3\_1-5: *TCI-State*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-190                            
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -------------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  TCI-State ::= SEQUENCE {                                                       
  tci-StateId                                           0                        TCI-state-0
                                                        1                        TCI-state-1
                                                        2                        TCI-state-2
  qcl-Type1 SEQUENCE {                                                           
  cell                                                  Not present              
  bwp-Id                                                Not present              
  referenceSignal CHOICE {                                                       
  ssb                                                   SSB-Index                TCI-state-0
  csi-rs                                                1                        TCI-state-1
                                                        5                        TCI-state-2
  }                                                                              
  qcl-Type                                              typeA                    
  }                                                                              
  qcl-Type2                                             Not present              
  }                                                                              

Table 5.2.2.1.11\_1.3.3\_1-6: *NZP-CSI-RS-Resource*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-85                                                    
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment                           Condition
  NZP-CSI-RS-Resource ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                    
  resourceMapping SEQUENCE {                                                                            
  frequencyDomainAllocation CHOICE {                                                                    
  row1                                                 0000           For CSI-RS resources 1, 2, 3, 4   
                                                       0001           For CSI-RS resources 5,6,7,8      
  }                                                                                                     
  nrofPorts                                            p1                                               
  firstOFDMSymbolInTimeDomain                          6              For CSI-RS resources 1,3,5,7      
                                                       10             For CSI-RS resources 2,4,6,8      
  cdm-Type                                             noCDM                                            
  density CHOICE {                                                                                      
  three                                                NULL                                             
  }                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                     
  periodicityAndOffset CHOICE {                                                                         
  slots20                                              10             For CSI-RS resources 1,2,5,6      
  slots20                                              11             For CSI-RS resources 3,4,7,8      
  }                                                                                                     
  qcl-InfoPeriodicCSI-RS                               0                                                
  }                                                                                                     

##### 5.2.2.1.11\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-9 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.11\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.2.1.11\_1.3.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-17 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.1.11.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.1.11\_1.3.4-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.1.11\_1.3.4-1: Test requirement

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  | (Note | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  | 1)    | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | (Note |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | 2)    |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    | (Note |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    | 3)    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | 6     | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 21.7  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 4QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-3.2 |       | 0.50  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-2   | R.P   | 10 /  | 6     | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 21.1  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 4QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-3.2 |       | 0.50  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| i     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ndepe |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ndent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orres |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ponds |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4.4.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sc    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aling |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| f     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| actor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1/sq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rt(2) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ransm |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| itted |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ignal |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| from  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.2.1.12 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH Multi-DCI based transmission scheme performance

##### 5.2.2.1.12.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-15 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.12.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.2.1.12.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.12.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.1.12.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                                                    Test index
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the PDSCH performance when UE is configured two different values of CORESETPoolIndex in ControlResourceSet and when UE receives multiple PDCCHs scheduling PDSCHs   1-1

Table 5.2.2.1.12.0-2: Test parameters

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        | Unit     | Value    |          |          |          |
| arameter |          |          |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          | TRxP     | TRxP     |          |          |
|          |          | \#1(Note | \#2(Note |          |          |
|          |          | 1)       | 1)       |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Transmit |          | TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |
| TRxP of  |          |          |          |          |          |
| SSB      |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDCCH    | TCI      |          | TCI      | TCI      |          |
| confi    | state    |          | State    | State    |          |
| guration |          |          | \#1      | \#2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CORESETP |          | 0,1      |          |          |
|          | oolIndex |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CSI-RS   | First    |          | k0=0 for | k0=1 for |          |
| for      | su       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
| tracking | bcarrier |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | index in |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | the PRB  |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | used for |          |          |          |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | First    |          | l0 = 6   | l0 = 6   |          |
|          | OFDM     |          | for      | for      |          |
|          | symbol   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | in the   |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | PRB used |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | for      |          | 1 and 3  | 5 and 7  |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | l0 = 10  | l0 = 10  |          |
|          |          |          | for      | for      |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 2 and 4  | 6 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1 for    | 1 for    |          |
|          | of       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          | resource | resource |          |
|          | ports    |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | (X)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CDM Type |          | 'No CDM' |          |          |
|          |          |          | for      |          |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   |          |          |
|          |          |          | resource |          |          |
|          |          |          | 1,2,3,4  |          |          |
|          |          |          | ,5,6,7,8 |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Density  |          | 3        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 20       |          |          |
|          | per      |          |          |          |          |
|          | iodicity |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 10 for   | 10 for   |          |
|          | offset   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 1 and 2  | 5 and 6  |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | 11 for   | 11 for   |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 3 and 4  | 7 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | QCL info |          | TCI      |          |          |
|          |          |          | state    |          |          |
|          |          |          | \#0      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Duplex   |          | FDD      |          |          |          |
| mode     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Active   |          | 1        |          |          |          |
| DL BWP   |          |          |          |          |          |
| index    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Mapping  |          | Type A   |          |          |
| confi    | type     |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | k0       |          | 0        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Starting |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | symbol   |          |          |          |          |
|          | (S)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Length   |          | 12       |          |          |
|          | (L)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | Static   |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Resource |          | Type 1   |          |          |
|          | al       |          |          |          |          |
|          | location |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RBG size |          | Config2  |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | Non-int  |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          | erleaved |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | N/A      |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          |          |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | int      |          |          |          |          |
|          | erleaver |          |          |          |          |
|          | bundle   |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Antenna  |          | {10      | {10      |          |
| DMRS     | port     |          | 00,1001} | 02,1003} |          |
| confi    | indexes  |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | TCI      |          | TCI      | TCI      |          |
|          | state    |          | State    | State    |          |
|          |          |          | \#1      | \#2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | DMRS     |          | Type 1   |          |          |
|          | Type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | of       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ad       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ditional |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Maximum  |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | number   |          |          |          |          |
|          | of OFDM  |          |          |          |          |
|          | symbols  |          |          |          |          |
|          | for DL   |          |          |          |          |
|          | front    |          |          |          |          |
|          | loaded   |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | CSI-RS   | N/A      |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          | resource |          |
| \#1      | inf      |          |          | 1 from   |          |
|          | ormation |          |          | \'CSI-RS |          |
|          |          |          |          | for      |          |
|          |          |          |          | t        |          |
|          |          |          |          | racking' |          |
|          |          |          |          | confi    |          |
|          |          |          |          | guration |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | Type A   | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | CSI-RS   |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          |          | resource |
| \#2      | inf      |          |          |          | 5 from   |
|          | ormation |          |          |          | \'CSI-RS |
|          |          |          |          |          | for      |
|          |          |          |          |          | t        |
|          |          |          |          |          | racking' |
|          |          |          |          |          | confi    |
|          |          |          |          |          | guration |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | Type A   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Resource |          | Non-ove  |          |          |          |
| al       |          | rlapping |          |          |          |
| location |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Timing   | us       | -0.5     |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| second   |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F        | Hz       | 200      |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| second   |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Number   |          | 4        |          |          |          |
| of HARQ  |          |          |          |          |          |
| P        |          |          |          |          |          |
| rocesses |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| The      |          | 2        |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of slots |          |          |          |          |          |
| between  |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |          |          |          |          |
| and      |          |          |          |          |          |
| corre    |          |          |          |          |          |
| sponding |          |          |          |          |          |
| HARQ-ACK |          |          |          |          |          |
| inf      |          |          |          |          |          |
| ormation |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        |          | SP Type  |          |          |          |
| recoding |          | I,       |          |          |          |
| confi    |          | ind      |          |          |          |
| guration |          | ependent |          |          |          |
|          |          | p        |          |          |          |
|          |          | recoding |          |          |          |
|          |          | ge       |          |          |          |
|          |          | neration |          |          |          |
|          |          | is       |          |          |          |
|          |          | applied  |          |          |          |
|          |          | for both |          |          |          |
|          |          | TRxPs,   |          |          |          |
|          |          | random   |          |          |          |
|          |          | per slot |          |          |          |
|          |          | with PRB |          |          |          |
|          |          | bundling |          |          |          |
|          |          | gra      |          |          |          |
|          |          | nularity |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |          |          |          |          |
| tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smission |          |          |          |          |          |
| is done  |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| both     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxPs.   |          |          |          |          |          |
| Tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smission |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |          |          |
| uses     |          |          |          |          |          |
| CORESETP |          |          |          |          |          |
| oolIndex |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0 and    |          |          |          |          |          |
| tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smission |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP \#2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| uses     |          |          |          |          |          |
| CORESETP |          |          |          |          |          |
| oolIndex |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.2.2.1.12.0-3: Minimum performance

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |      |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |      |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |      |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |      |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |      |
|       |       | rrier | code  | (Note | and   |       |       |      |
|       |       | sp    | rate  | 1)    | an    |       |       |      |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |      |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       | (Note |       |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       | 2)    |       |       |      |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    | (Note |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    | 3)    |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |      |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+
|       | TRxP  | TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |      |
|       | \#1   | \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |      |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | R.P   | 10 /  | 6     | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 20.6 |
|       | DSCH. | DSCH. | 15    | 4QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |      |
|       | 1-3.3 | 1-3.4 |       | 0.50  |       | Low   |       |      |
|       | FDD   | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |      |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| i     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| ndepe |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| ndent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| orres |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| ponds |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| 4.4.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.1.12.

###### 5.2.2.1.12\_1 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH Multiple-DCI based transmission scheme performance - 2x2 MIMO for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.1.12\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-18 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance when UE is configured two different
values of CORESETPoolIndex in ControlResourceSet and when UE receives
multiple PDCCHs scheduling PDSCHs.

##### 5.2.2.1.12\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-18 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE *multiDCI-MultiTRP-r16*.

##### 5.2.2.1.12\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-18 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.12\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-18 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.9
for TE diagram and section A.3.2.3 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2.2.1.12.0-2 and Table 5.2.2.1.12.0-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.1.12\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.1.12\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-18 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH in TRxP\#1 via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI
in ControlResourceSetid1 (Table 5.2.2.1.12\_1.3.3\_1-2), and transmits
PDSCH in TRxP\#2 via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI in
ControlResourceSetid2 (Table 5.2.2.1.12\_1.3.3\_1-3), to transmit the DL
RMC according to Table 5.2.2.1.12\_1.3.4-1. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR for TRxP\#1
and TRxP\#2 according to Table 5.2.2.1.12\_1.4-1.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.2.1.12\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-18 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.12\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-10 .H6}

As defined in clause 5.4.2 of TS 38.508-1 \[6\] with the following
exceptions:

Table 5.2.2.1.12\_1.3.3\_1-1: *PDCCH-Config* (Preamble)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\],Table 4.6.3-95                                                                         
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                     Value/remark            Comment   Condition
  PDCCH-Config::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                
  controlResourceSetToAddModList SEQUENCE(SEQUENCE(SIZE (1..3)) OF ControlResourceSet {   2 entries                         
  ControlResourceSet\[1\]                                                                 ControlResourceSetid1   entry 1   
  ControlResourceSet\[2\]                                                                 ControlResourceSetid2   entry 2   
  }                                                                                                                         
  }                                                                                                                         

Table 5.2.2.1.12\_1.3.3\_1-2: *ControlResourceSetId1* (Table
5.2.2.1.12\_1.3.3\_1-1: *PDCCH-Config*)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 5.4.2.0-6                                                                                                                                                   
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                     Value/remark                                         Comment                                                  Condition
  ControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                     
  controlResourceSetId                                                                    1                                                                                                             
  frequencyDomainResources                                                                11110000 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000   CORESET to use the least significant 24 RBs of the BWP   
  tci-StatesPDCCH-ToAddList SEQUENCE(SIZE (1..maxNrofTCI-StatesPDCCH)) OF TCI-StateId {                                                                                                                 
  TCI-StateId\[1\]                                                                        1                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                     
  tci-PresentInDCI                                                                        enabled                                                                                                       
  coresetPoolIndex-r16                                                                    0                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                     

Table 5.2.2.1.12\_1.3.3\_1-3: *ControlResourceSetId2* (Table
5.2.2.1.12\_1.3.3\_1-1: *PDCCH-Config*)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 5.4.2.0-6                                                                                                                                     
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                                                     Value/remark                                         Comment                                    Condition
  ControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                       
  controlResourceSetId                                                                    2                                                                                               
  frequencyDomainResources                                                                00001111 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000   CORESET to use the RBs 24\~47 of the BWP   
  tci-StatesPDCCH-ToAddList SEQUENCE(SIZE (1..maxNrofTCI-StatesPDCCH)) OF TCI-StateId {                                                                                                   
  TCI-StateId\[1\]                                                                        2                                                                                               
  }                                                                                                                                                                                       
  tci-PresentInDCI                                                                        enabled                                                                                         
  coresetPoolIndex-r16                                                                    1                                                                                               
  }                                                                                                                                                                                       

Table 5.2.2.1.12\_1.3.3\_1-4: Physical layer parameters for DCI format
1\_1 in ControlResourceSetid1

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.3.6.1.2.2-1                                         
  --------------------------------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------- -----------
  Parameter                                                 Value               Value in binary   Condition
  Antenna port(s)                                           DMRS port 0 and 1   "0111"            
  Transmission configuration indication                     TCI State \#1       "000"             

Table 5.2.2.1.12\_1.3.3\_1-5: Physical layer parameters for DCI format
1\_1 in ControlResourceSetid2

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.3.6.1.2.2-1                                         
  --------------------------------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------- -----------
  Parameter                                                 Value               Value in binary   Condition
  Antenna port(s)                                           DMRS port 2 and 3   "1000"            
  Transmission configuration indication                     TCI State \#2       "001"             

Table 5.2.2.1.12\_1.3.3\_1-6: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                                                        
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                            Value/remark   Comment       Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                 
  tci-StatesToAddModList SEQUENCE(SIZE (1.. maxNrofTCI-States)) OF TCI-State {   2 entries                    
  TCI-State\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                     TCI-state-0   
  tci-StateId                                                                    0                            
  qcl-type1 SEQUENCE {                                                                                        
  cell                                                                           Not present                  
  bwp-Id                                                                         Not present                  
  referenceSignal CHOICE {                                                                                    
  ssb                                                                            SSB-Index                    
  }                                                                                                           
  qcl-Type                                                                       typeC                        
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           
  TCI-State\[2\]                                                                                TCI-state-1   
  tci-StateId                                                                    1                            
  qcl-type1 SEQUENCE {                                                                                        
  cell                                                                           Not present                  
  bwp-Id                                                                         Not present                  
  referenceSignal CHOICE {                                                                                    
  csi-rs                                                                         1                            
  }                                                                                                           
  qcl-Type                                                                       typeA                        
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           
  TCI-State\[3\]                                                                                TCI-state-2   
  tci-StateId                                                                    2                            
  qcl-type1 SEQUENCE {                                                                                        
  cell                                                                           Not present                  
  bwp-Id                                                                         Not present                  
  referenceSignal CHOICE {                                                                                    
  csi-rs                                                                         5                            
  }                                                                                                           
  qcl-Type                                                                       typeA                        
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           

Table 5.2.2.1.12\_1.3.3\_1-7: *CSI-RS-ResourceMapping* for TRS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-9                                                    
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment                           Condition
  CSI-RS-ResourceMapping ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                  
  frequencyDomainAllocation CHOICE {                                                                     
  row1                                                  0000           For CSI-RS resources 1, 2, 3, 4   
                                                        0001           For CSI-RS resources 5,6,7,8      
  }                                                                                                      
  nrofPorts                                             p1                                               
  firstOFDMSymbolInTimeDomain                           6              For CSI-RS resources 1,3,5,7      
                                                        10             For CSI-RS resources 2,4,6,8      
  }                                                                                                      

Table 5.2.2.1.12\_1.3.3\_1-8: *CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset* for TRS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-10                                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                        Condition
  CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset ::= CHOICE {                                                        
  slots20                                                10             For CSI-RS resources 1,2,5,6   
  slots20                                                11             For CSI-RS resources 3,4,7,8   
  }                                                                                                    

##### 5.2.2.1.12\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-10 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.12\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.2.1.12\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-18 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.1.12.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.1.12\_1.4-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.1.12\_1.4-1: Test requirement

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |      |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |      |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |      |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |      |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |      |
|       |       | rrier | code  | (Note | and   |       |       |      |
|       |       | sp    | rate  | 1)    | an    |       |       |      |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |      |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       | (Note |       |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       | 2)    |       |       |      |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    | (Note |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    | 3)    |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |      |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+
|       | TRxP  | TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |      |
|       | \#1   | \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |      |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | R.P   | 10 /  | 6     | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 21.6 |
|       | DSCH. | DSCH. | 15    | 4QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |      |
|       | 1-3.3 | 1-3.4 |       | 0.50  |       | Low   |       |      |
|       | FDD   | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |      |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| i     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| ndepe |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| ndent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| orres |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| ponds |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| 4.4.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+

##### 5.2.2.1.13 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH Single-DCI based FDM scheme A performance

##### 5.2.2.1.13.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-16 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.13.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.2.1.13.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.13.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.1.13.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                                                   Test index
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify PDSCH performance under 2 receive antenna conditions when UE is configured with "FDMSchemeA" in "RepetitionScheme-r16" defined in clause 5.1 of TS 38.214 \[12\]   1-1

Table 5.2.2.1.13.0-2: Test parameters

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        | Unit     | Value    |          |          |          |
| arameter |          |          |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          | TRxP     | TRxP     |          |          |
|          |          | \#1(Note | \#2(Note |          |          |
|          |          | 1)       | 1)       |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Transmit |          | TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |
| TRxP of  |          |          |          |          |          |
| SSB      |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDCCH    | TCI      |          | TCI      |          |          |
| confi    | state    |          | State    |          |          |
| guration |          |          | \#1      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CORESETP |          | Not      |          |          |
|          | oolIndex |          | co       |          |          |
|          |          |          | nfigured |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CSI-RS   | First    |          | k0=0 for | k0=1 for |          |
| for      | su       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
| tracking | bcarrier |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | index in |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | the PRB  |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | used for |          |          |          |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | First    |          | l0 = 6   | l0 = 6   |          |
|          | OFDM     |          | for      | for      |          |
|          | symbol   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | in the   |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | PRB used |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | for      |          | 1 and 3  | 5 and 7  |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | l0 = 10  | l0 = 10  |          |
|          |          |          | for      | for      |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 2 and 4  | 6 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1 for    | 1 for    |          |
|          | of       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          | resource | resource |          |
|          | ports    |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | (X)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CDM Type |          | 'No CDM' |          |          |
|          |          |          | for      |          |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   |          |          |
|          |          |          | resource |          |          |
|          |          |          | 1,2,3,4  |          |          |
|          |          |          | ,5,6,7,8 |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Density  |          | 3        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 20       |          |          |
|          | per      |          |          |          |          |
|          | iodicity |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 10 for   | 10 for   |          |
|          | offset   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 1 and 2  | 5 and 6  |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | 11 for   | 11 for   |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 3 and 4  | 7 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | QCL info |          | TCI      |          |          |
|          |          |          | state    |          |          |
|          |          |          | \#0      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Duplex   |          | FDD      |          |          |          |
| mode     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Active   |          | 1        |          |          |          |
| DL BWP   |          |          |          |          |          |
| index    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Mapping  |          | Type A   |          |          |
| confi    | type     |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | k0       |          | 0        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Starting |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | symbol   |          |          |          |          |
|          | (S)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Length   |          | 12       |          |          |
|          | (L)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | Static   |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | Wideband |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Resource |          | Type 0   |          |          |
|          | al       |          |          |          |          |
|          | location |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RBG size |          | Config2  |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | Non-int  |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          | erleaved |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | N/A      |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          |          |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | int      |          |          |          |          |
|          | erleaver |          |          |          |          |
|          | bundle   |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Antenna  |          | 1        | 1        |          |
| DMRS     | port     |          | 000,1001 | 000,1001 |          |
| confi    | indexes  |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | TCI      |          | TCI      | TCI      |          |
|          | state    |          | State    | State    |          |
|          |          |          | \#1      | \#2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | DMRS     |          | Type 1   |          |          |
|          | Type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | of       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ad       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ditional |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Maximum  |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | number   |          |          |          |          |
|          | of OFDM  |          |          |          |          |
|          | symbols  |          |          |          |          |
|          | for DL   |          |          |          |          |
|          | front    |          |          |          |          |
|          | loaded   |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | CSI-RS   | N/A      |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          | resource |          |
| \#1      | inf      |          |          | 1 from   |          |
|          | ormation |          |          | \'CSI-RS |          |
|          |          |          |          | for      |          |
|          |          |          |          | t        |          |
|          |          |          |          | racking' |          |
|          |          |          |          | confi    |          |
|          |          |          |          | guration |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | Type A   | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | CSI-RS   |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          |          | resource |
| \#2      | inf      |          |          |          | 5 from   |
|          | ormation |          |          |          | \'CSI-RS |
|          |          |          |          |          | for      |
|          |          |          |          |          | t        |
|          |          |          |          |          | racking' |
|          |          |          |          |          | confi    |
|          |          |          |          |          | guration |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | Type A   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Timing   | us       | -0.5     |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| second   |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F        | Hz       | 200      |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| second   |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Number   |          | 4        |          |          |          |
| of HARQ  |          |          |          |          |          |
| P        |          |          |          |          |          |
| rocesses |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| The      |          | 2        |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of slots |          |          |          |          |          |
| between  |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |          |          |          |          |
| and      |          |          |          |          |          |
| corre    |          |          |          |          |          |
| sponding |          |          |          |          |          |
| HARQ-ACK |          |          |          |          |          |
| inf      |          |          |          |          |          |
| ormation |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        |          | SP Type  |          |          |          |
| recoding |          | I,       |          |          |          |
| confi    |          | ind      |          |          |          |
| guration |          | ependent |          |          |          |
|          |          | p        |          |          |          |
|          |          | recoding |          |          |          |
|          |          | ge       |          |          |          |
|          |          | neration |          |          |          |
|          |          | is       |          |          |          |
|          |          | applied  |          |          |          |
|          |          | for both |          |          |          |
|          |          | TRxPs,   |          |          |          |
|          |          | random   |          |          |          |
|          |          | per slot |          |          |          |
|          |          | with PRB |          |          |          |
|          |          | bundling |          |          |          |
|          |          | gra      |          |          |          |
|          |          | nularity |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |          |          |          |          |
| tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smission |          |          |          |          |          |
| is done  |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| both     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxPs    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.2.2.1.13.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 2

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  | (Note | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  | 1)    | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | (Note |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | 2)    |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    | (Note |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3)    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | 1     | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 17.3  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-2.5 |       | 0.54  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| depen |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dent. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orres |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ponds |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4.4.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.1.13.

###### 5.2.2.1.13\_1 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH Single-DCI based FDM scheme A performance - 2x2 MIMO for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.1.13\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-19 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance under 2 receive antenna conditions when
UE is configured with "FDMSchemeA" in "RepetitionScheme-r16".

##### 5.2.2.1.13\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-19 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE *supportFDM-SchemeA-r16*.

##### 5.2.2.1.13\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-19 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.13\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-19 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.9
for TE diagram and section A.3.2.3 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2.2.1.13.0-2 and Table 5.2.2.1.13.0-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.1.13\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.1.13\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-19 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH in TRxP\#1 and TRxP\#2 via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1
for C\_RNTI (Table 5.2.2.1.13\_1.3.3\_1-2), to transmit the DL RMC
according to Table 5.2.2.1.13\_1.4-1. The SS sends downlink MAC padding
bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR for TRxP\#1
and TRxP\#2 according to Table 5.2.2.1.13\_1.4-1.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.2.1.13\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-19 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.13\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-11 .H6}

As defined in clause 5.4.2 of TS 38.508-1 \[6\] with the following
exceptions:

Table 5.2.2.1.13\_1.3.3\_1-1: *PDCCH-ControlResourceSet* (Preamble)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\],Table 5.4.2.0-6                            
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  ControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                             
  tci-PresentInDCI                                     enabled                  
  }                                                                             

Table 5.2.2.1.13\_1.3.3\_1-2: Physical layer parameters for DCI format
1\_1

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.3.6.1.2.2-1                                                                               
  --------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- -----------
  Parameter                                                 Value                                                     Value in binary   Condition
  Antenna port(s)                                           DMRS port 0 and 1                                         "0111"            
  Transmission configuration indication                     TCI codepoint 0, corresponding to TCI State \#1 and \#2   "000"             

Table 5.2.2.1.13\_1.3.3\_1-3: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                                                        
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                            Value/remark   Comment       Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                 
  tci-StatesToAddModList SEQUENCE(SIZE (1.. maxNrofTCI-States)) OF TCI-State {   2 entries                    
  TCI-State\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                     TCI-state-0   
  tci-StateId                                                                    0                            
  qcl-type1 SEQUENCE {                                                                                        
  cell                                                                           Not present                  
  bwp-Id                                                                         Not present                  
  referenceSignal CHOICE {                                                                                    
  ssb                                                                            SSB-Index                    
  }                                                                                                           
  qcl-Type                                                                       typeC                        
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           
  TCI-State\[2\]                                                                                TCI-state-1   
  tci-StateId                                                                    1                            
  qcl-type1 SEQUENCE {                                                                                        
  cell                                                                           Not present                  
  bwp-Id                                                                         Not present                  
  referenceSignal CHOICE {                                                                                    
  csi-rs                                                                         1                            
  }                                                                                                           
  qcl-Type                                                                       typeA                        
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           
  TCI-State\[3\]                                                                                TCI-state-2   
  tci-StateId                                                                    2                            
  qcl-type1 SEQUENCE {                                                                                        
  cell                                                                           Not present                  
  bwp-Id                                                                         Not present                  
  referenceSignal CHOICE {                                                                                    
  csi-rs                                                                         5                            
  }                                                                                                           
  qcl-Type                                                                       typeA                        
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           
  prb-BundlingType CHOICE {                                                                                   
  staticBundling SEQUENCE {                                                                                   
  bundleSize                                                                     wideband                     
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           
  repetitionSchemeConfig-r16 CHOICE {                                                                         
  setup SEQUENCE {                                                                                            
  fdm-TDM-r16 CHOICE {                                                                                        
  setup SEQUENCE {                                                                                            
  repetitionScheme-r16                                                           fdmSchemeA                   
  startingSymbolOffsetK-r16                                                      Not present                  
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           

Table 5.2.2.1.13\_1.3.3\_1-4: *CSI-RS-ResourceMapping* for TRS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-9                                                    
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment                           Condition
  CSI-RS-ResourceMapping ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                  
  frequencyDomainAllocation CHOICE {                                                                     
  row1                                                  0000           For CSI-RS resources 1, 2, 3, 4   
                                                        0001           For CSI-RS resources 5,6,7,8      
  }                                                                                                      
  nrofPorts                                             p1                                               
  firstOFDMSymbolInTimeDomain                           6              For CSI-RS resources 1,3,5,7      
                                                        10             For CSI-RS resources 2,4,6,8      
  }                                                                                                      

Table 5.2.2.1.13\_1.3.3\_1-5: *CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset* for TRS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-10                                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                        Condition
  CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset ::= CHOICE {                                                        
  slots20                                                10             For CSI-RS resources 1,2,5,6   
  slots20                                                11             For CSI-RS resources 3,4,7,8   
  }                                                                                                    

##### 5.2.2.1.13\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-11 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.13\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.2.1.13\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-19 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.1.13.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.1.13\_1.4-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.1.13\_1.4-1: Test requirement for Rank 2

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  | (Note | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  | 1)    | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | (Note |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | 2)    |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    | (Note |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3)    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | 1     | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 18.3  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-2.5 |       | 0.54  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| depen |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dent. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orres |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ponds |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4.4.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.2.1.14 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH Single-DCI based Inter-slot TDM scheme performance

##### 5.2.2.1.14.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-17 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.14.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.2.1.14.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.14.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.1.14.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Test index
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------
  Verify PDSCH performance under 2 receive antenna conditions when UE is configured with repetitionNumber-r16 with multiple slot level PDSCH transmission occasions of the same TB with two TCI states defined in clause 5.1 of TS 38.214 \[12\]   1-1

Table 5.2.2.1.14.0-2: Test parameters

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        | Unit     | Value    |          |          |          |
| arameter |          |          |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          | TRxP     | TRxP     |          |          |
|          |          | \#1(Note | \#2(Note |          |          |
|          |          | 1)       | 1)       |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Transmit |          | TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |
| TRxP of  |          |          |          |          |          |
| SSB      |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDCCH    | TCI      |          | TCI      |          |          |
| confi    | state    |          | State    |          |          |
| guration |          |          | \#1      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CORESETP |          | Not      |          |          |
|          | oolIndex |          | co       |          |          |
|          |          |          | nfigured |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CSI-RS   | First    |          | k0=0 for | k0=1 for |          |
| for      | su       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
| tracking | bcarrier |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | index in |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | the PRB  |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | used for |          |          |          |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | First    |          | l0 = 6   | l0 = 6   |          |
|          | OFDM     |          | for      | for      |          |
|          | symbol   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | in the   |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | PRB used |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | for      |          | 1 and 3  | 5 and 7  |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | l0 = 10  | l0 = 10  |          |
|          |          |          | for      | for      |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 2 and 4  | 6 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1 for    | 1 for    |          |
|          | of       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          | resource | resource |          |
|          | ports    |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | (X)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CDM Type |          | 'No CDM' |          |          |
|          |          |          | for      |          |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   |          |          |
|          |          |          | resource |          |          |
|          |          |          | 1,2,3,4  |          |          |
|          |          |          | ,5,6,7,8 |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Density  |          | 3        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 20       |          |          |
|          | per      |          |          |          |          |
|          | iodicity |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 10 for   | 10 for   |          |
|          | offset   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 1 and 2  | 5 and 6  |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | 11 for   | 11 for   |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 3 and 4  | 7 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | QCL info |          | TCI      |          |          |
|          |          |          | state    |          |          |
|          |          |          | \#0      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Duplex   |          | FDD      |          |          |          |
| mode     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Active   |          | 1        |          |          |          |
| DL BWP   |          |          |          |          |          |
| index    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Mapping  |          | Type A   |          |          |
| confi    | type     |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | k0       |          | 0        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Starting |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | symbol   |          |          |          |          |
|          | (S)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Length   |          | 12       |          |          |
|          | (L)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Re       |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | petition |          |          |          |          |
|          | number   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | Static   |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Resource |          | Type 0   |          |          |
|          | al       |          |          |          |          |
|          | location |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RBG size |          | Config2  |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | Non-int  |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          | erleaved |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | N/A      |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          |          |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | int      |          |          |          |          |
|          | erleaver |          |          |          |          |
|          | bundle   |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Antenna  |          | 1000     | 1000     |          |
| DMRS     | port     |          |          |          |          |
| confi    | indexes  |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | TCI      |          | TCI      | TCI      |          |
|          | state    |          | State    | State    |          |
|          |          |          | \#1      | \#2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | DMRS     |          | Type 1   |          |          |
|          | Type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | of       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ad       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ditional |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Maximum  |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | number   |          |          |          |          |
|          | of OFDM  |          |          |          |          |
|          | symbols  |          |          |          |          |
|          | for DL   |          |          |          |          |
|          | front    |          |          |          |          |
|          | loaded   |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | CSI-RS   | N/A      |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          | resource |          |
| \#1      | inf      |          |          | 1 from   |          |
|          | ormation |          |          | \'CSI-RS |          |
|          |          |          |          | for      |          |
|          |          |          |          | t        |          |
|          |          |          |          | racking' |          |
|          |          |          |          | confi    |          |
|          |          |          |          | guration |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | Type A   | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | CSI-RS   |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          |          | resource |
| \#2      | inf      |          |          |          | 5 from   |
|          | ormation |          |          |          | \'CSI-RS |
|          |          |          |          |          | for      |
|          |          |          |          |          | t        |
|          |          |          |          |          | racking' |
|          |          |          |          |          | confi    |
|          |          |          |          |          | guration |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | Type A   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Timing   | us       | 2        |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| second   |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F        | Hz       | 200      |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| second   |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Number   |          | 4        |          |          |          |
| of HARQ  |          |          |          |          |          |
| P        |          |          |          |          |          |
| rocesses |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| The      |          | 2        |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of slots |          |          |          |          |          |
| between  |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |          |          |          |          |
| and      |          |          |          |          |          |
| corre    |          |          |          |          |          |
| sponding |          |          |          |          |          |
| HARQ-ACK |          |          |          |          |          |
| inf      |          |          |          |          |          |
| ormation |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        |          | SP Type  |          |          |          |
| recoding |          | I,       |          |          |          |
| confi    |          | ind      |          |          |          |
| guration |          | ependent |          |          |          |
|          |          | p        |          |          |          |
|          |          | recoding |          |          |          |
|          |          | ge       |          |          |          |
|          |          | neration |          |          |          |
|          |          | is       |          |          |          |
|          |          | applied  |          |          |          |
|          |          | for both |          |          |          |
|          |          | TRxPs,   |          |          |          |
|          |          | random   |          |          |          |
|          |          | per slot |          |          |          |
|          |          | with PRB |          |          |          |
|          |          | bundling |          |          |          |
|          |          | gra      |          |          |          |
|          |          | nularity |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |          |          |          |          |
| tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smission |          |          |          |          |          |
| is done  |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| both     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxPs    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.2.2.1.14.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  | (Note | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  | 1)    | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | Note  |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | 2)    |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | BLER  | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (Note |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4)    |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.PD  | 10 /  | 1     | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 1     | 2.9   |
|       | SCH.1 | 15    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   | (Note |       |
|       | -11.2 |       | 0.54  |       | Low   | 3)    |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| depen |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dent. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BLER  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| res   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idual |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BLER; |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| i.e.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ratio |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| i     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ncorr |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ectly |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rec   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eived |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tran  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sport |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| b     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| locks |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sent  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tran  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sport |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bl    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ocks, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ind   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| epend |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ently |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| umber |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HARQ  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| trans |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| missi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| on(s) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tran  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sport |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| b     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lock. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orres |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ponds |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4.4.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.1.14.

###### 5.2.2.1.14\_1 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH Single-DCI based Inter-slot TDM scheme performance - 2x2 MIMO for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.1.14\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-20 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance under 2 receive antenna conditions when
UE is configured with repetitionNumber-r16 with multiple slot level
PDSCH transmission occasions of the same TB with two TCI states.

##### 5.2.2.1.14\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-20 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE *supportTDM-SchemeA-r16*.

##### 5.2.2.1.14\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-20 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.14\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-20 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.9
for TE diagram and section A.3.2.3 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2.2.1.14.0-2 and Table 5.2.2.1.14.0-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.1.14\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.1.14\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-20 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH in TRxP\#1 and TRxP\#2 via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1
for C\_RNTI (Table 5.2.2.1.14\_1.3.3\_1-2), to transmit the DL RMC
according to Table 5.2.2.1.14\_1.4-1. The SS sends downlink MAC padding
bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR for TRxP\#1
and TRxP\#2 according to Table 5.2.2.1.14\_1.4-1.

3\. Measure the residual BLER for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of correctly and incorrectly received transport blocks based on
ACK/NACK feedback on the UL during each subtest and decide pass or fail
according to clause G.1.4 and Table G.1.5-1a in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.2.1.14\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-20 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.14\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-12 .H6}

As defined in clause 5.4.2 of TS 38.508-1 \[6\] with the following
exceptions:

Table 5.2.2.1.14\_1.3.3\_1-1: *PDCCH-ControlResourceSet* (Preamble)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\],Table 5.4.2.0-6                            
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  ControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                             
  tci-PresentInDCI                                     enabled                  
  }                                                                             

Table 5.2.2.1.14\_1.3.3\_1-2: Physical layer parameters for DCI format
1\_1

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.3.6.1.2.2-1                                                                               
  --------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- -----------
  Parameter                                                 Value                                                     Value in binary   Condition
  Antenna port(s)                                           DMRS port 0                                               "0000"            
  Transmission configuration indication                     TCI codepoint 0, corresponding to TCI State \#1 and \#2   "000"             

Table 5.2.2.1.14\_1.3.3\_1-3: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                                                                                           
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------
  Information Element                                                                           Value/remark   Comment                           Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                    
  tci-StatesToAddModList SEQUENCE(SIZE (1.. maxNrofTCI-States)) OF TCI-State {                  2 entries                                        
  TCI-State\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                    TCI-state-0                       
  tci-StateId                                                                                   0                                                
  qcl-type1 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                           
  cell                                                                                          Not present                                      
  bwp-Id                                                                                        Not present                                      
  referenceSignal CHOICE {                                                                                                                       
  ssb                                                                                           SSB-Index                                        
  }                                                                                                                                              
  qcl-Type                                                                                      typeC                                            
  }                                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                                              
  TCI-State\[2\]                                                                                               TCI-state-1                       
  tci-StateId                                                                                   1                                                
  qcl-type1 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                           
  cell                                                                                          Not present                                      
  bwp-Id                                                                                        Not present                                      
  referenceSignal CHOICE {                                                                                                                       
  csi-rs                                                                                        1                                                
  }                                                                                                                                              
  qcl-Type                                                                                      typeA                                            
  }                                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                                              
  TCI-State\[3\]                                                                                               TCI-state-2                       
  tci-StateId                                                                                   2                                                
  qcl-type1 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                           
  cell                                                                                          Not present                                      
  bwp-Id                                                                                        Not present                                      
  referenceSignal CHOICE {                                                                                                                       
  csi-rs                                                                                        5                                                
  }                                                                                                                                              
  qcl-Type                                                                                      typeA                                            
  }                                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                                              
  pdsch-TimeDomainAllocationList                                                                Not present                                      
  pdsch-TimeDomainAllocationList-r16 CHOICE {                                                                                                    
  setup SEQUENCE (SIZE(1..maxNrofDL-Allocations)) OF PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation-r16 {                                                    
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation-r16\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  k0-r16                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType-r16                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength-r16                                                                      44             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=4    For Slot i, if mod(i, 10) = 7 for i from {0,...,39}
  repetitionNumber-r16                                                                          2                                                
  }                                                                                                                                              
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation-r16\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  k0-r16                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType-r16                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength-r16                                                                      53             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=12   For Slot i, if mod(i, 10) = {0,1,2,3,4,5,}) for i from {1,...,39}
  repetitionNumber-r16                                                                          2                                                
  }                                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                                              

Table 5.2.2.1.14\_1.3.3\_1-4: *CSI-RS-ResourceMapping* for TRS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-9                                                    
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment                           Condition
  CSI-RS-ResourceMapping ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                  
  frequencyDomainAllocation CHOICE {                                                                     
  row1                                                  0000           For CSI-RS resources 1, 2, 3, 4   
                                                        0001           For CSI-RS resources 5,6,7,8      
  }                                                                                                      
  nrofPorts                                             p1                                               
  firstOFDMSymbolInTimeDomain                           6              For CSI-RS resources 1,3,5,7      
                                                        10             For CSI-RS resources 2,4,6,8      
  }                                                                                                      

Table 5.2.2.1.14\_1.3.3\_1-5: *CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset* for TRS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-10                                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                        Condition
  CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset ::= CHOICE {                                                        
  slots20                                                10             For CSI-RS resources 1,2,5,6   
  slots20                                                11             For CSI-RS resources 3,4,7,8   
  }                                                                                                    

##### 5.2.2.1.14\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-12 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.14\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.2.1.14\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-20 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.1.14.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The residual BLER specified in Note 3 of Table 5.2.2.1.14\_1.4-1 test
shall meet or be lower than the specified value in Table
5.2.2.1.14\_1.4-1 for the specified SNR including test tolerances for
all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.1.14\_1.4-1: Test requirement for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  | (Note | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  | 1)    | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | Note  |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | 2)    |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | BLER  | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (Note |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4)    |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.PD  | 10 /  | 1     | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 1     | 3.9   |
|       | SCH.1 | 15    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   | (Note |       |
|       | -11.2 |       | 0.54  |       | Low   | 3)    |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| depen |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dent. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BLER  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| res   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idual |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BLER; |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| i.e.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ratio |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| i     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ncorr |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ectly |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rec   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eived |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tran  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sport |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| b     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| locks |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sent  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tran  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sport |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bl    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ocks, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ind   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| epend |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ently |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| umber |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HARQ  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| trans |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| missi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| on(s) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tran  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sport |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| b     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lock. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orres |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ponds |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4.4.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.2.1.15 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH with inter-cell interference

##### 5.2.2.1.15.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-18 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.15.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.2.1.15.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.15.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.1.15.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                               Test index
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the PDSCH performance under 2 receive antenna conditions, when transmission from the serving cell is interfered by 1 or 2 interfering cells.   1-1, 1-2

Table 5.2.2.1.15.0-2: Test parameters

+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        | Unit     | Value   |          |          |          |
| arameter |          |         |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+=========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          | Cell 1  | Cell 2   | Cell 3   |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | Enabled | Enabled  | Enabled  |          |
|          |          |         |          | for Test |          |
|          |          |         |          | 1-1\     |          |
|          |          |         |          | Disabled |          |
|          |          |         |          | for Test |          |
|          |          |         |          | 1-2      |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Duplex   |          | FDD     |          |          |          |
| mode     |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Active   |          | 1       |          |          |          |
| DL BWP   |          |         |          |          |          |
| index    |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Physical |          | 0       | 1        | 2        |          |
| cell ID  |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Tran     |          | 1       | Random   | Random   |          |
| smission |          |         | rank     | rank     |          |
| rank     |          |         | with 70% | with 70% |          |
|          |          |         | and 30%  | and 30%  |          |
|          |          |         | pro      | pro      |          |
|          |          |         | bability | bability |          |
|          |          |         | for rank | for rank |          |
|          |          |         | 1 and    | 1 and    |          |
|          |          |         | rank 2   | rank 2   |          |
|          |          |         |          | for Test |          |
|          |          |         |          | 1-1      |          |
|          |          |         |          |          |          |
|          |          |         |          | N/A for  |          |
|          |          |         |          | Test 1-2 |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Time     | us       | N/A     | 3        | -1       |          |
| offset   |          |         |          |          |          |
| to Cell1 |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| F        | Hz       | N/A     | 300      | -100     |          |
| requency |          |         |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |         |          |          |          |
| to Cell  |          |         |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Inte     |          | N/A     | As       |          |          |
| rference |          |         | s        |          |          |
| Model    |          |         | pecified |          |          |
|          |          |         | in B.6.2 |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| INR      | dB       | N/A     | 7.77 for | 2.29 for |          |
| (Note 2) |          |         | Test 1-1 | Test 1-1 |          |
|          |          |         |          |          |          |
|          |          |         | 7.58 for | N/A for  |          |
|          |          |         | Test 1-2 | Test 1-2 |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| SSB      | SSB      |         | First    | 1^st^    | 1^st^    |
| confi    | position |         | SSB in   | SSB in   | SSB in   |
| guration | in burst |         | Slot \#0 | Slot\#0  | Slot\#0  |
|          |          |         |          | for Test | for Test |
|          |          |         |          | 1-1\     | 1-1\     |
|          |          |         |          | 2^nd^    | N/A for  |
|          |          |         |          | SSB in   | Test 1-2 |
|          |          |         |          | Slot \#0 |          |
|          |          |         |          | for Test |          |
|          |          |         |          | 1-2      |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | SSB      | ms      | 20       | 20       | 20       |
|          | per      |         |          |          |          |
|          | iodicity |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Mapping  |         | Type A   |          |          |
| confi    | type     |         |          |          |          |
| guration |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | k0       |         | 0        |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Starting |         | 2        |          |          |
|          | symbol   |         |          |          |          |
|          | (S)      |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Length   |         | 12       |          |          |
|          | (L)      |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PDSCH    |         | 1        |          |          |
|          | agg      |         |          |          |          |
|          | regation |         |          |          |          |
|          | factor   |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |         | Static   |          |          |
|          | bundling |         |          |          |          |
|          | type     |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |         | 2        |          |          |
|          | bundling |         |          |          |          |
|          | size     |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Resource |         | Type 0   |          |          |
|          | al       |         |          |          |          |
|          | location |         |          |          |          |
|          | type     |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RBG size |         | Config2  |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |         | Non-int  |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |         | erleaved |          |          |
|          | mapping  |         |          |          |          |
|          | type     |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |         | N/A      |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |         |          |          |          |
|          | mapping  |         |          |          |          |
|          | int      |         |          |          |          |
|          | erleaver |         |          |          |          |
|          | bundle   |         |          |          |          |
|          | size     |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | DMRS     |         | Type 1   |          |          |
| DMRS     | Type     |         |          |          |          |
| confi    |          |         |          |          |          |
| guration |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |         | 1        |          |          |
|          | of       |         |          |          |          |
|          | ad       |         |          |          |          |
|          | ditional |         |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Maximum  |         | 1        |          |          |
|          | number   |         |          |          |          |
|          | of OFDM  |         |          |          |          |
|          | symbols  |         |          |          |          |
|          | for DL   |         |          |          |          |
|          | front    |         |          |          |          |
|          | loaded   |         |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Number   |          | 4       |          |          |          |
| of HARQ  |          |         |          |          |          |
| P        |          |         |          |          |          |
| rocesses |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| The      |          | 2       |          |          |          |
| number   |          |         |          |          |          |
| of slots |          |         |          |          |          |
| between  |          |         |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |         |          |          |          |
| and      |          |         |          |          |          |
| corre    |          |         |          |          |          |
| sponding |          |         |          |          |          |
| HARQ-ACK |          |         |          |          |          |
| inf      |          |         |          |          |          |
| ormation |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note1:   |          |         |          |          |          |
| Cell 1   |          |         |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |         |          |          |          |
| serving  |          |         |          |          |          |
| cell;    |          |         |          |          |          |
| Cells 2, |          |         |          |          |          |
| 3 are    |          |         |          |          |          |
| int      |          |         |          |          |          |
| erfering |          |         |          |          |          |
| cells    |          |         |          |          |          |
|          |          |         |          |          |          |
| Note 2:  |          |         |          |          |          |
| INR is   |          |         |          |          |          |
| defined  |          |         |          |          |          |
| in Annex |          |         |          |          |          |
| B.6.1    |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.2.2.1.15.0-3: Minimum performance for PDSCH with rank 1 and with
inter-cell interference

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num   | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | 1     | T     | 2x2,  | 70    | 15.4  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | DLC30 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-2.1 |       | 0.48  | 0-100 | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-2   | R.P   | 10 /  | 1     | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 12.5  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-2.1 |       | 0.48  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| *     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| *Note |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:**  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1,    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2 and |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3 are |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| depen |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dent. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Bandw |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idth/ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Sub   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spa   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cing, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| P     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tion, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1,    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2 and |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3.    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.1.15.

###### 5.2.2.1.15\_1 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH with inter-cell interference performance - 2x2 MIMO for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.1.15\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-21 .H6}

Verify the PDSCH performance under 2 receive antenna conditions, when
transmission from the serving cell is interfered by 1 or 2 interfering
cells.

##### 5.2.2.1.15\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-21 .H6}

Test 1-1 and test 1-2 applies to all types of release 15 and release 16
NR UEs and E-UTRAN UEs supporting EN-DC and supporting MMSE-IRC
processing for scenarios with inter-cell and intra-cell inter-user
interference.

Test 1-1 and test 1-2 applies to all types of release 17 and forward NR
UEs and E-UTRAN UEs supporting EN-DC.

##### 5.2.2.1.15\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-21 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.15\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-21 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[8\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and section A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the serving cell and interfering cells
are set up according to Table 5.2-1 and Table 5.2.2.1.15.0-2 as
appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR serving cell are initially set up according
to Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0,
G.1, G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.1.15\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.1.15\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-21 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.2.1.15\_1.4-2. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR for the
serving cell and interfering cells according to Table 5.2.2.1.15\_1.4-2.

3\. Measure the average throughput on the serving cell for a duration
sufficient to achieve statistical significance according to Annex G.1.5.
Count the number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each
subtest and decide pass or fail according to Annex G.1.4.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Table 5.2.2.1.15\_1.4-2
as appropriate.

##### 5.2.2.1.15\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-21 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.2.1.15\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-13 .H6}

No message exceptions for SA

##### 5.2.2.1.15\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-13 .H6}

No message exceptions for NSA

##### 5.2.2.1.15\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-21 .H6}

Tables 5.2.2.1.15\_1.4-1 and 5.2.2.1.15\_1.4-2 define the primary level
settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.1.15\_1.4-2 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.1.15\_1.4-1: Test parameters

+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        | Unit     | Value   |          |          |          |
| arameter |          |         |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+=========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          | Cell 1  | Cell 2   | Cell 3   |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | Enabled | Enabled  | Enabled  |          |
|          |          |         |          | for Test |          |
|          |          |         |          | 1-1\     |          |
|          |          |         |          | Disabled |          |
|          |          |         |          | for Test |          |
|          |          |         |          | 1-2      |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Duplex   |          | FDD     |          |          |          |
| mode     |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Active   |          | 1       |          |          |          |
| DL BWP   |          |         |          |          |          |
| index    |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Physical |          | 0       | 1        | 2        |          |
| cell ID  |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Tran     |          | 1       | Random   | Random   |          |
| smission |          |         | rank     | rank     |          |
| rank     |          |         | with 70% | with 70% |          |
|          |          |         | and 30%  | and 30%  |          |
|          |          |         | pro      | pro      |          |
|          |          |         | bability | bability |          |
|          |          |         | for rank | for rank |          |
|          |          |         | 1 and    | 1 and    |          |
|          |          |         | rank 2   | rank 2   |          |
|          |          |         |          | for Test |          |
|          |          |         |          | 1-1      |          |
|          |          |         |          |          |          |
|          |          |         |          | N/A for  |          |
|          |          |         |          | Test 1-2 |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Time     | us       | N/A     | 3        | -1       |          |
| offset   |          |         |          |          |          |
| to Cell1 |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| F        | Hz       | N/A     | 300      | -100     |          |
| requency |          |         |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |         |          |          |          |
| to Cell  |          |         |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Inte     |          | N/A     | As       |          |          |
| rference |          |         | s        |          |          |
| Model    |          |         | pecified |          |          |
|          |          |         | in B.6.2 |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| INR      | dB       | N/A     | 7.77+0.8 | 2.29+0.8 |          |
| (Note 2) |          |         | for Test | for Test |          |
|          |          |         | 1-1      | 1-1      |          |
|          |          |         |          |          |          |
|          |          |         | 7.58+0.8 | N/A for  |          |
|          |          |         | for Test | Test 1-2 |          |
|          |          |         | 1-2      |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| SSB      | SSB      |         | First    | 1^st^    | 1^st^    |
| confi    | position |         | SSB in   | SSB in   | SSB in   |
| guration | in burst |         | Slot \#0 | Slot\#0  | Slot\#0  |
|          |          |         |          | for Test | for Test |
|          |          |         |          | 1-1\     | 1-1\     |
|          |          |         |          | 2^nd^    | N/A for  |
|          |          |         |          | SSB in   | Test 1-2 |
|          |          |         |          | Slot \#0 |          |
|          |          |         |          | for Test |          |
|          |          |         |          | 1-2      |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | SSB      | ms      | 20       | 20       | 20       |
|          | per      |         |          |          |          |
|          | iodicity |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Mapping  |         | Type A   |          |          |
| confi    | type     |         |          |          |          |
| guration |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | k0       |         | 0        |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Starting |         | 2        |          |          |
|          | symbol   |         |          |          |          |
|          | (S)      |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Length   |         | 12       |          |          |
|          | (L)      |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PDSCH    |         | 1        |          |          |
|          | agg      |         |          |          |          |
|          | regation |         |          |          |          |
|          | factor   |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |         | Static   |          |          |
|          | bundling |         |          |          |          |
|          | type     |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |         | 2        |          |          |
|          | bundling |         |          |          |          |
|          | size     |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Resource |         | Type 0   |          |          |
|          | al       |         |          |          |          |
|          | location |         |          |          |          |
|          | type     |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RBG size |         | Config2  |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |         | Non-int  |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |         | erleaved |          |          |
|          | mapping  |         |          |          |          |
|          | type     |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |         | N/A      |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |         |          |          |          |
|          | mapping  |         |          |          |          |
|          | int      |         |          |          |          |
|          | erleaver |         |          |          |          |
|          | bundle   |         |          |          |          |
|          | size     |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | DMRS     |         | Type 1   |          |          |
| DMRS     | Type     |         |          |          |          |
| confi    |          |         |          |          |          |
| guration |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |         | 1        |          |          |
|          | of       |         |          |          |          |
|          | ad       |         |          |          |          |
|          | ditional |         |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Maximum  |         | 1        |          |          |
|          | number   |         |          |          |          |
|          | of OFDM  |         |          |          |          |
|          | symbols  |         |          |          |          |
|          | for DL   |         |          |          |          |
|          | front    |         |          |          |          |
|          | loaded   |         |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Number   |          | 4       |          |          |          |
| of HARQ  |          |         |          |          |          |
| P        |          |         |          |          |          |
| rocesses |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| The      |          | 2       |          |          |          |
| number   |          |         |          |          |          |
| of slots |          |         |          |          |          |
| between  |          |         |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |         |          |          |          |
| and      |          |         |          |          |          |
| corre    |          |         |          |          |          |
| sponding |          |         |          |          |          |
| HARQ-ACK |          |         |          |          |          |
| inf      |          |         |          |          |          |
| ormation |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note1:   |          |         |          |          |          |
| Cell 1   |          |         |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |         |          |          |          |
| serving  |          |         |          |          |          |
| cell;    |          |         |          |          |          |
| Cells 2, |          |         |          |          |          |
| 3 are    |          |         |          |          |          |
| int      |          |         |          |          |          |
| erfering |          |         |          |          |          |
| cells    |          |         |          |          |          |
|          |          |         |          |          |          |
| Note 2:  |          |         |          |          |          |
| INR is   |          |         |          |          |          |
| defined  |          |         |          |          |          |
| in Annex |          |         |          |          |          |
| B.6.1    |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.2.2.1.15\_1.4-2: Test Requirements for PDSCH with rank 1 and
with inter-cell interference

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num   | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | 1     | T     | 2x2,  | 70    | 17.1  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | DLC30 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-2.1 |       | 0.48  | 0-100 | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-2   | R.P   | 10 /  | 1     | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 14.3  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-2.1 |       | 0.48  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| *     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| *Note |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:**  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1,    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2 and |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3 are |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| depen |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dent. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Bandw |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idth/ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Sub   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spa   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cing, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| P     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tion, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1,    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2 and |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3.    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.2.1.16 2Rx FDD FR1 for PDSCH with intra-cell inter user interference

##### 5.2.2.1.16.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-19 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.16.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.2.1.16.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The performance requirements for UE supporting Enhanced Receiver Type 2
are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.16.0-5, with the addition of test
parameters in Tables 5.2.2.1.16.0-2, 5.2.2.1.16.0-4 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.16.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.1.16.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Test index
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the PDSCH performance under 2 receive antenna conditions when the PDSCH transmission of target UE is interfered by co-scheduled UE                                                                                                                       1-1
  Verify PDSCH performance under 2 receive antenna conditions, when the PDSCH transmission of target UE is interfered by co-scheduled UE with Enhanced Receiver Type 2-1 when modulation order for co-scheduled UE is explicitly signaled by DCI.                 2-1
  Verify PDSCH performance under 2 receive antenna conditions, when the PDSCH transmission of target UE is interfered by co-scheduled UE with Enhanced Receiver Type 2-2a or Enhanced Receiver Type 2-2b when modulation order for co-scheduled UE is detected.   2-2

Table 5.2.2.1.16.0-2: Test parameters

+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
| Parameter    | Unit         | Target UE    | Co-scheduled |      |
|              |              |              | UE           |      |
+==============+==============+==============+==============+======+
| Duplex mode  |              | FDD          |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
| Active DL    |              | 1            |              |      |
| BWP index    |              |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
| PDSCH        | Mapping type |              | Type A       |      |
| c            |              |              |              |      |
| onfiguration |              |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
|              | k0           |              | 0            |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
|              | Starting     |              | 2            |      |
|              | symbol (S)   |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
|              | Length (L)   |              | 12           |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
|              | PDSCH        |              | 1            |      |
|              | aggregation  |              |              |      |
|              | factor       |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
|              | PRB bundling |              | Static       |      |
|              | type         |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
|              | PRB bundling |              | 2            |      |
|              | size         |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
|              | Resource     |              | Type 0       |      |
|              | allocation   |              |              |      |
|              | type         |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
|              | RBG size     |              | Config2      |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
|              | VRB-to-PRB   |              | Non          |      |
|              | mapping type |              | -interleaved |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
|              | VRB-to-PRB   |              | N/A          |      |
|              | mapping      |              |              |      |
|              | interleaver  |              |              |      |
|              | bundle size  |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
| PDSCH DMRS   | DMRS Type    |              | Type 1       |      |
| c            |              |              |              |      |
| onfiguration |              |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
|              | Number of    |              | 1            |      |
|              | additional   |              |              |      |
|              | DMRS         |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
|              | Maximum      |              | 1            |      |
|              | number of    |              |              |      |
|              | OFDM symbols |              |              |      |
|              | for DL front |              |              |      |
|              | loaded DMRS  |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
|              | Antenna      |              | 1000         | 1001 |
|              | ports        |              |              |      |
|              | indexes      |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
|              | Number of    |              | 1            | 1    |
|              | PDSCH DMRS   |              |              |      |
|              | CDM group(s) |              |              |      |
|              | without data |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
| PDSCH &      |              | Single Panel | Single Panel |      |
| PDSCH DMRS   |              | Type I,      | Type I,      |      |
| Precoding    |              | Randomized   | Randomized   |      |
| c            |              | precoder     | precoder     |      |
| onfiguration |              | selection    | selection    |      |
|              |              | for every    | for every    |      |
|              |              | PRB bundle   | PRB bundle   |      |
|              |              | and updated  | and updated  |      |
|              |              | per slot,    | per slot,    |      |
|              |              | with equal   | with equal   |      |
|              |              | probability  | probability  |      |
|              |              | of each      | of each      |      |
|              |              | applicable   | applicable   |      |
|              |              | i1/i2        | i1/i2        |      |
|              |              | combination  | combination  |      |
|              |              | or codebook  | or codebook  |      |
|              |              |              |              |      |
|              |              | Index,       | Index,       |      |
|              |              | chosen from  | chosen from  |      |
|              |              | section      | section      |      |
|              |              | 5.2.2.2.1 of | 5.2.2.2.1 of |      |
|              |              | TS 38.214    | TS 38.214    |      |
|              |              | \[12\].      | \[12\].Any   |      |
|              |              |              | column of    |      |
|              |              |              | precoder     |      |
|              |              |              | matrix is    |      |
|              |              |              | not equal to |      |
|              |              |              | any column   |      |
|              |              |              | of precoder  |      |
|              |              |              | matrix of    |      |
|              |              |              | Target UE    |      |
|              |              |              | for test     |      |
|              |              |              | 1-1.         |      |
|              |              |              |              |      |
|              |              |              | Select the   |      |
|              |              |              | precoder to  |      |
|              |              |              | ensure any   |      |
|              |              |              | column of    |      |
|              |              |              | precoder is  |      |
|              |              |              | orthogonal   |      |
|              |              |              | to any       |      |
|              |              |              | column of    |      |
|              |              |              | precoder for |      |
|              |              |              | the target   |      |
|              |              |              | PDSCH for    |      |
|              |              |              | test 2-1 and |      |
|              |              |              | 2-2.         |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
| MU-MIMO      |              | As specified |              |      |
| Beamforming  |              | in B.4.2     |              |      |
| Model        |              |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
| Number of    |              | 4            | N/A          |      |
| HARQ         |              |              |              |      |
| Processes    |              |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
| The number   |              | 2            | N/A          |      |
| of slots     |              |              |              |      |
| between      |              |              |              |      |
| PDSCH and    |              |              |              |      |
| c            |              |              |              |      |
| orresponding |              |              |              |      |
| HARQ-ACK     |              |              |              |      |
| information  |              |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
| Note 1: The  |              |              |              |      |
| DMRS         |              |              |              |      |
| scrambling   |              |              |              |      |
| ID is same   |              |              |              |      |
| for both     |              |              |              |      |
| target UE    |              |              |              |      |
| and          |              |              |              |      |
| Co-scheduled |              |              |              |      |
| UE.          |              |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+

Table 5.2.2.1.16.0-3: Minimum performance for PDSCH of target UE with
intra-cell inter user interference

  Test num   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                                        
  ---------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                              Target UE                         Co-scheduled UE                                                                          Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1        R.PDSCH.1-2.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.48                       Random 16QAM symbols    TDLC300-100                                    2x2, ULA Low      70                                   18.0

The parameters in Table 5.2.2.1.16.0-4 are configured for requirements
with Enhanced Receiver Type 2

Table 5.2.2.1.16.0-4: Assistance information parameters for requirements
with Enhanced Receiver Type 2

+----------------------------+----------------------------+---------+
| Parameter                  | Value                      |         |
+============================+============================+=========+
| Ad                         | prec                       | True    |
| vancedReceiver-MU-MIMO-r18 | odingAndResourceAllocation |         |
+----------------------------+----------------------------+---------+
|                            | pdsch-TimeDomainAllocation | True    |
+----------------------------+----------------------------+---------+
|                            | mcs-Table                  | qam256  |
+----------------------------+----------------------------+---------+
|                            | a                          | Enabled |
|                            | dvReceiver-MU-MIMO-DCI-1-1 |         |
+----------------------------+----------------------------+---------+
| Co-scheduled UE            | 1 for Test 2-1             |         |
| information in DCI (Table  |                            |         |
| 7.3.1.2.2-12 of TS38.212   | 6 for Test 2-2             |         |
| \[10\])                    |                            |         |
+----------------------------+----------------------------+---------+

Table 5.2.2.1.16.0-5: Minimum performance for target UE with Rank 1 with
Enhanced Receiver Type 2

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       | **T   | **Co  |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       | arget | -sche |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       | UE**  | duled |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       | UE**  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 2-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | 1     | R     | **TDL | 2x2,  | 70    | 16.2  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | andom | C300- | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-2.1 |       | 0.48  | QPSK  | 100** | M     |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       | sy    |       | edium |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | mbols |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 2-2   | R.P   | 10 /  | 6     | R     | T     | 2x2,  | 70    | 24.5  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 4QAM, | andom | DLC30 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 5-1.3 |       |       | 16QAM | 0-100 | M     |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       | 0.43  | sy    |       | edium |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | mbols |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.1.16.

###### 5.2.2.1.16\_1 2Rx FDD FR1 for PDSCH with intra cell inter user interference performance for baseline MMSE-IRC receiver -- 2x2 MIMO for both NSA and SA

##### 5.2.2.1.16\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-22 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance under 2 receive antenna conditions, when
the PDSCH transmission of target UE is interfered by co-scheduled UE.

##### 5.2.2.1.16\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-22 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UEs and E-UTRAN UEs supporting EN-DC
for release 15 and release 16 supporting MMSE-IRC processing for
scenarios with inter-cell and intra-cell inter-user interference.

Test 1-1 applies to all types of release 17 and forward NR UEs and
E-UTRAN UEs supporting EN-DC.

##### 5.2.2.1.16\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-22 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.16\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-22 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.2.1.16.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.1.16\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.1.16\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-22 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.2.1.16\_1.4-1. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.2.1.16\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Tables
5.2.2.1.16\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

##### 5.2.2.1.16\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-22 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.2.1.16\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-14 .H6}

No message exceptions for SA

##### 5.2.2.1.16\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-14 .H6}

No message exceptions for NSA

##### 5.2.2.1.16\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-22 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.1.16\_1.4-1: Test requirement for PDSCH of target UE with
intra-cell inter user interference

  Test num   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                                        
  ---------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                              Target UE                         Co-scheduled UE                                                                          Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1        R.PDSCH.1-2.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.48                       Random 16QAM symbols    TDLC300-100                                    2x2, ULA Low      70                                   18.9

###### 5.2.2.1.16\_2 2Rx FDD FR1 for PDSCH with intra cell inter user interference performance for Enhanced Receiver Type 2 -- 2x2 MIMO for both NSA and SA

Editor's Note: This test case is incomplete. Following aspects are
either missing or TBD

\- TC applicability is FFS in TS38.522

##### 5.2.2.1.16\_2.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-23 .H6}

Test 2-1 is to verify PDSCH performance under 2 receive antenna
conditions, when the PDSCH transmission of target UE is interfered by
co-scheduled UE with Enhanced Receiver Type 2-1 when modulation order
for co-scheduled UE is explicitly signalled by DCI.

Test 2-2 is to verify PDSCH performance under 2 receive antenna
conditions, when the PDSCH transmission of target UE is interfered by
co-scheduled UE with Enhanced Receiver Type 2-2a or Enhanced Receiver
Type 2-2b when modulation order for co-scheduled UE is detected.

##### 5.2.2.1.16\_2.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-23 .H6}

Test 2-1 applies to all types of NR UEs and E-UTRAN UEs supporting EN-DC
release 18 and forward supporting capability IE
*advReceiver-MU-MIMO-r18*.

Test 2-2 applies to all types of NR UEs and E-UTRAN UEs supporting EN-DC
release 18 and forward which declare supporting '*MU-MIMO Interference
Mitigation advanced receiver with modulation order detection*' or
'*MU-MIMO Interference Mitigation advanced receiver with modulation
order detection Enh*' in TS38.306 \[14\].

##### 5.2.2.1.16\_2.3 Test description {#test-description-23 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.16\_2.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-23 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.2.1.16.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.1.16\_2.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.1.16\_2.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-23 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 (The co-scheduled UE
information is '001' for Test 2-1 and '110' for Test 2-2) for C\_RNTI to
transmit the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.2.1.16\_2.4-1. The SS sends
downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.2.1.16\_2.4-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Tables
5.2.2.1.16\_2.4-1 as appropriate.

##### 5.2.2.1.16\_2.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-23 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.16\_2.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-15 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.16\_1.3.3\_1 with the following exceptions:

Table 5.2.2.1.16\_2.3.3\_1-1: PDSCH-Config

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.1-20                            
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                          1 entry                  
  AdvancedReceiver-MU-MIMO-r18 ::= SEQUENCE {                                   
  precodingAndResourceAllocation-r18                   true                     
  pdsch-TimeDomainAllocation-r18                       true                     
  mcs-Table-r18                                        qam256                   
  advReceiver-MU-MIMO-DCI-1-1-r18                      enabled                  
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             

##### 5.2.2.1.16\_2.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-15 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.16\_2.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.2.1.16\_2.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-23 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.1.16\_2.4-1: Test requirement for PDSCH of target UE with
Rank 1 with Enhanced Receiver Type 2

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       | **T   | **Co  |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       | arget | -sche |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       | UE**  | duled |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       | UE**  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 2-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | 1     | R     | **TDL | 2x2,  | 70    | 17.1  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | andom | C300- | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-2.1 |       | 0.48  | QPSK  | 100** | M     |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       | sy    |       | edium |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | mbols |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 2-2   | R.P   | 10 /  | 6     | R     | T     | 2x2,  | 70    | 25.4  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 4QAM, | andom | DLC30 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 5-1.3 |       |       | 16QAM | 0-100 | M     |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       | 0.43  | sy    |       | edium |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | mbols |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.2.1.17 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH performance for RedCap

##### 5.2.2.1.17.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-24 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance mapping Type A under 2 receive antenna
conditions with different channel models and MCSs for a specified
downlink Reference Measurement Channel (RMC) to achieve a certain
throughput.

##### 5.2.2.1.17.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-24 .H6}

This test case applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward that
support NR RedCap.

##### 5.2.2.1.17.3 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-20 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Tables 5.2.2.1.17.3-3 and
5.2.2.1.17.3-4, with the addition of test parameters in Table
5.2.2.1.17.3-2 and the downlink physical channel setup according to
Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.17.3-1.

Table 5.2.2.1.17.3-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                    Test index
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ --------------------
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 2 receive antenna conditions and with different channel models, MCSs for RedCap   1-1, 1-2, 1-3, 2-1

Table 5.2.2.1.17.3-2: Test parameters

+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
| Parameter         | Unit              | Value |                   |
+===================+===================+=======+===================+
| Duplex mode       |                   | FDD   |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
| Active DL BWP     |                   | 1     |                   |
| index             |                   |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
| PDSCH             | Mapping type      |       | Type A            |
| configuration     |                   |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | k0                |       | 0                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | Starting symbol   |       | 2                 |
|                   | (S)               |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | Length (L)        |       | 12                |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | PDSCH aggregation |       | 1                 |
|                   | factor            |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | PRB bundling type |       | Static            |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | PRB bundling size |       | 4 for Test 1-1    |
|                   |                   |       |                   |
|                   |                   |       | 2 for other tests |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | Resource          |       | Type 0            |
|                   | allocation type   |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | RBG size          |       | Config2           |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | VRB-to-PRB        |       | Non-interleaved   |
|                   | mapping type      |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | VRB-to-PRB        |       | N/A               |
|                   | mapping           |       |                   |
|                   | interleaver       |       |                   |
|                   | bundle size       |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
| PDSCH DMRS        | DMRS Type         |       | Type 1            |
| configuration     |                   |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | Number of         |       | 2 for Test 1-1    |
|                   | additional DMRS   |       |                   |
|                   |                   |       | 1 for other tests |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | Maximum number of |       | 1                 |
|                   | OFDM symbols for  |       |                   |
|                   | DL front loaded   |       |                   |
|                   | DMRS              |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
| CSI-RS for        | CSI-RS            | Slots | Table 5.2-1       |
| tracking          | periodicity       |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | CSI-RS offset     | Slots | Table 5.2-1       |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
| Number of HARQ    |                   | 4     |                   |
| Processes         |                   |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
| The number of     |                   | 2     |                   |
| slots between     |                   |       |                   |
| PDSCH and         |                   |       |                   |
| corresponding     |                   |       |                   |
| HARQ-ACK          |                   |       |                   |
| information       |                   |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+

Table 5.2.2.1.17.3-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       | (Note | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       | 1)    | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | QPSK, | T     | 2x2,  | 70    | -0.8  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 0.30  | DLB10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-1.1 |       |       | 0-400 | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | R.P   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | DSCH. |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1-1.1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | H     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | D-FDD |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-2   | R.P   | 10 /  | 1     | T     | 2x2,  | 70    | 8.1   |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | DLC30 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-2.1 |       | 0.48  | 0-100 | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | R.P   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | DSCH. |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1-1.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | H     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | D-FDD |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-3   | R.P   | 10 /  | 25    | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 24.6  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-4.1 |       | 0.82  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | R.P   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | DSCH. |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1-1.5 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | H     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | D-FDD |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Ap    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plied |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| refe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pends |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| on    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| supp  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orted |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| oper  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mode: |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HD    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -FDD. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 5.2.2.1.17.3-4: Minimum performance for Rank 2

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       | (Note | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       | 1)    | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 2-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | 6     | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 19.4  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 4QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-3.1 |       | 0.50  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | R.P   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | DSCH. |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1-2.1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | H     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | D-FDD |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Ap    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plied |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| refe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pends |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| on    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| supp  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orted |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| oper  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mode: |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HD    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -FDD. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.1.17.

##### 5.2.2.1.17.4 Test description {#test-description-24 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.17.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-24 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.3 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2A-1 to Table 5.2A-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.2.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.5. Message
contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.1.17.4.3.

##### 5.2.2.1.17.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-24 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.2.1.17.5-1 and 5.2.2.1.17.5-2. The SS
sends downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.2.1.17.5-1 and 5.2.2.1.17.5-2 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G.1.5. Count the number of
NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL and decide pass or fail according to
Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each test points in Tables
5.2.2.1.17.5-1 and 5.2.2.1.17.5-2 as appropriate.

##### 5.2.2.1.17.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-24 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2 with the following exceptions:

Table 5.2.2.1.17.4.3-1: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                                               
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ---------------------------- --------------------------------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                      Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                        
  prb-BundlingType CHOICE {                                                                          
  staticBundling SEQUENCE {                                                                          
  bundleSize                                             n4, n2         n4 for test 1-1              test 1-1
                                                         Not present    n2 will be used by default   test point other than test 1-1
  }                                                                                                  
  }                                                                                                  
  }                                                                                                  

Table 5.2.2.1.17.4.3-2: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Tracking

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-9 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CS              |                 |                 |           |
| I-ResourcePerio |                 |                 |           |
| dicityAndOffset |                 |                 |           |
| ::= CHOICE {    |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| slots40         | 20 (for CSI-RS  | CSI-RS offset:  |           |
|                 | resources 1 and |                 |           |
|                 | 2)              | 20 for CSI-RS   |           |
|                 |                 | resources 1 and |           |
|                 | 21 (for CSI-RS  | 2               |           |
|                 | resources 3 and |                 |           |
|                 | 4)              | 21 for CSI-RS   |           |
|                 |                 | resources 3 and |           |
|                 |                 | 4               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS          |           |
|                 |                 | periodicity: 40 |           |
|                 |                 | slots           |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| slots20         | 10 (for CSI-RS  | CSI-RS offset:  |           |
|                 | resources 1 and |                 |           |
|                 | 2)              | 10 for CSI-RS   |           |
|                 |                 | resources 1 and |           |
|                 | 11 (for CSI-RS  | 2               |           |
|                 | resources 3 and |                 |           |
|                 | 4)              | 11 for CSI-RS   |           |
|                 |                 | resources 3 and |           |
|                 |                 | 4               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS          |           |
|                 |                 | periodicity: 20 |           |
|                 |                 | slots           |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.1.17.4.3-3: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-25                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                          
  nrofHARQ-ProcessesForPDSCH                             n4                       
  }                                                                               

##### 5.2.2.1.17.5 Test Requirement {#test-requirement-24 .H6}

Tables 5.2.2.1.17.5-1 and 5.2.2.1.17.5-2 define the primary level
settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Tables 5.2.2.1.17.5-1 and
5.2.2.1.17.5-2 for the specified SNR including test tolerances for all
throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.1.17.5-1: Test Requirements for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       | (Note | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       | 1)    | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | QPSK, | T     | 2x2,  | 70    | 0.1   |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 0.30  | DLB10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-1.1 |       |       | 0-400 | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | R.P   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | DSCH. |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1-1.1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | H     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | D-FDD |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-2   | R.P   | 10 /  | 1     | T     | 2x2,  | 70    | 9.0   |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | DLC30 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-2.1 |       | 0.48  | 0-100 | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | R.P   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | DSCH. |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1-1.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | H     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | D-FDD |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-3   | R.P   | 10 /  | 25    | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 25.6  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-4.1 |       | 0.82  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | R.P   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | DSCH. |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1-1.5 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | H     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | D-FDD |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Ap    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plied |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| refe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pends |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| on    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| supp  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orted |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| oper  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mode: |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HD    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -FDD. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 5.2.2.1.17.5-2: Test Requirements for Rank 2

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       | (Note | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       | 1)    | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 2-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | 6     | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 20.4  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 4QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-3.1 |       | 0.50  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | R.P   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | DSCH. |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1-2.1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | H     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | D-FDD |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Ap    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plied |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| refe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pends |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| on    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| supp  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orted |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| oper  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mode: |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HD    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -FDD. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.2.1.18 2Rx FDD FR1 for PDSCH CRS interference mitigation under NR-LTE coexistence scenario

##### 5.2.2.1.18.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-21 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.18.0-4, with
the addition of test parameters in Tables 5.2.2.1.18.0-2 and
5.2.2.1.18.0-3 and the downlink physical channel setup according to
Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.18.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.1.18.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                          Test index
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------
  Verify PDSCH CRS interference mitigation performance under 2 receive antenna conditions with CRS rate matching configured for the serving cell   1-1

Table 5.2.2.1.18.0-2: Test parameters for the serving cell

+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
| Parameter         | Unit              | Value |                   |
+===================+===================+=======+===================+
| Duplex mode       |                   | FDD   |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
| Active DL BWP     |                   | 1     |                   |
| index             |                   |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
| NR UL             |                   | true  |                   |
| transmission with |                   |       |                   |
| a 7.5 kHz shift   |                   |       |                   |
| to the LTE raster |                   |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
| PDCCH             | Symbols with      |       | Symbol\# 2        |
| configuration     | PDCCH             |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
| PDSCH             | Mapping type      |       | Type A            |
| configuration     |                   |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | k0                |       | 0                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | Starting symbol   |       | 3                 |
|                   | (S)               |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | Length (L)        |       | 9                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | PDSCH aggregation |       | 1                 |
|                   | factor            |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | PRB bundling type |       | Static            |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | PRB bundling size |       | 2                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | Resource          |       | Type 0            |
|                   | allocation type   |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | RBG size          |       | Config2           |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | VRB-to-PRB        |       | Non-interleaved   |
|                   | mapping type      |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | VRB-to-PRB        |       | N/A               |
|                   | mapping           |       |                   |
|                   | interleaver       |       |                   |
|                   | bundle size       |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
| PDSCH DMRS        | DMRS Type         |       | Type 1            |
| configuration     |                   |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | Position of the   |       | 3                 |
|                   | first DM-RS for   |       |                   |
|                   | downlink          |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | Number of         |       | 1                 |
|                   | additional DMRS   |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | Maximum number of |       | 1                 |
|                   | OFDM symbols for  |       |                   |
|                   | DL front loaded   |       |                   |
|                   | DMRS              |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
| CRS for rate      | LTE carrier       |       | Same as NR        |
| matching (Note 1) | centre subcarrier |       | carrier centre    |
|                   | location          |       | subcarrier        |
|                   |                   |       | location          |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | LTE carrier BW    | MHz   | 10                |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | Number of antenna |       | 2                 |
|                   | ports             |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
|                   | v-shift           |       | 0                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
| Number of HARQ    |                   | 4     |                   |
| Processes         |                   |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
| The number of     |                   | 2     |                   |
| slots between     |                   |       |                   |
| PDSCH and         |                   |       |                   |
| corresponding     |                   |       |                   |
| HARQ-ACK          |                   |       |                   |
| information       |                   |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+
| Note 1: No MBSFN  |                   |       |                   |
| is configured on  |                   |       |                   |
| LTE carrier.      |                   |       |                   |
|                   |                   |       |                   |
| Note 2:           |                   |       |                   |
| Network-based CRS |                   |       |                   |
| interference      |                   |       |                   |
| mitigation is     |                   |       |                   |
| disabled on LTE   |                   |       |                   |
| carrier.          |                   |       |                   |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-------------------+

Table 5.2.2.1.18.0-3: Test parameters for the LTE interference cells

+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| **Parameter**   | **Unit** | **Cell 1**      | **Cell 2**      |    |
+=================+==========+=================+=================+====+
| Propagation     |          | TDLA30-10 ULA   | TDLA30-10 ULA   |    |
| conditions and  |          | Low             | Low             |    |
| MIMO            |          |                 |                 |    |
| configuration   |          |                 |                 |    |
| (Note 1)        |          |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| INR (Note 2)    | dB       | 10.45           | 4.6             |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Cell-specific   |          | Antenna ports   | Antenna ports   |    |
| reference       |          | 0,1             | 0,1             |    |
| signals         |          |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Carrier centre  |          | Same as the     | Same as the     |    |
| subcarrier      |          | serving carrier | serving carrier |    |
| location        |          | centre          | centre          |    |
|                 |          | subcarrier      | subcarrier      |    |
|                 |          | location        | location        |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| BW~Channel~     | MHz      | 10              | 10              |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Cyclic Prefix   |          | Normal          | Normal          |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Physical cell   |          | 1               | 2               |    |
| ID              |          |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Number of       |          | 2               | 2               |    |
| control OFDM    |          |                 |                 |    |
| symbols         |          |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| PDSCH           |          | 4               | 4               |    |
| transmission    |          |                 |                 |    |
| mode            |          |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Interference    |          | As specified in | As specified in |    |
| model           |          | clause B.7      | clause B.7      |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Probability of  | \%       | 20              | 20              |    |
| occurrence of   |          |                 |                 |    |
| PDSCH data      |          |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Probability of  | Rank 1   | \%              | 80              | 80 |
| occurrence of   |          |                 |                 |    |
| transmission    |          |                 |                 |    |
| rank            |          |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
|                 | Rank 2   | \%              | 20              | 20 |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Downlink power  |          | dB              | -3              | -3 |
| allocation      |          |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
|                 |          | dB              | -3              | -3 |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
|                 | σ        | dB              | 0               | 0  |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Precoding       | PRB      | 6               | 6               |    |
| granularity     |          |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Time offset to  | us       | 3               | -1              |    |
| the serving     |          |                 |                 |    |
| cell            |          |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Frequency       | Hz       | 300             | -100            |    |
| offset to the   |          |                 |                 |    |
| serving cell    |          |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| MBSFN           |          | Not configured  | Not configured  |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Network-based   |          | Disabled        | Disabled        |    |
| CRS             |          |                 |                 |    |
| interference    |          |                 |                 |    |
| mitigation      |          |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Note 1: The     |          |                 |                 |    |
| channel for the |          |                 |                 |    |
| LTE             |          |                 |                 |    |
| interference    |          |                 |                 |    |
| cells and the   |          |                 |                 |    |
| serving cell    |          |                 |                 |    |
| are             |          |                 |                 |    |
| independent.    |          |                 |                 |    |
|                 |          |                 |                 |    |
| Note 2: Defined |          |                 |                 |    |
| in B.6.1.       |          |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+

Table 5.2.2.1.18.0-4: Minimum performance for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | 1     | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 11.9  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-7.3 |       | 0.48  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.1.18.

##### 5.2.2.1.18\_1 2Rx FDD FR1 for PDSCH CRS interference mitigation under NR-LTE coexistence scenario -- 2x2 MIMO for both NSA and SA

##### 5.2.2.1.18\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-25 .H6}

To verify PDSCH CRS interference mitigation performance under 2 receive
antenna conditions with CRS rate matching configured for the serving
cell.

##### 5.2.2.1.18\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-25 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward that
support *CRS-IM-DSS-15kHzSCS-r17.*

##### 5.2.2.1.18\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-25 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.18\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-25 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Tables 5.2.2.1.18.0-2 and 5.2.2.1.18.0-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.1.18\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.1.18\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-25 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.2.1.18\_1.4-2. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.2.1.18\_1.4-2 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Table 5.2.2.1.18\_1.4-2
as appropriate.

##### 5.2.2.1.18\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-25 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.2.1.18\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-16 .H6}

As defined in clause 5.4.2 of TS 38.508-1 \[6\] with the following
exceptions:

Table 5.2.2.1.18\_1.3.3\_1-1: ServingCellConfigCommon

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2-1                                       
  --------------------------------------------------- ------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark              Comment   Condition
  ServingCellConfigCommon ::= SEQUENCE {                                                  
  dmrs-TypeA-Position                                 pos3                                
  lte-CRS-ToMatchAround                               RateMatchPatternLTE-CRS             
  }                                                                                       

Table 5.2.2.1.18\_1.3.3\_1-2: RateMatchPatternLTE-CRS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2-20                                                             
  ---------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark                                    Comment   Condition
  RateMatchPatternLTE-CRS ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                         
  carrierFreqDL                                        Same as NR carrier centre subcarrier location             
  carrierBandwidthDL                                   n50                                             10MHz     
  mbsfn-SubframeConfigList                             Not present                                               
  nrofCRS-Ports                                        n2                                                        
  v-Shift                                              n0                                                        
  }                                                                                                              

Table 5.2.2.1.18\_1.3.3\_1-3: *FrequencyInfoUL-SIB*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-62                            
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  FrequencyInfoUL-SIB SEQUENCE {                                                
  frequencyShift7p5khz                                 true                     
  }                                                                             

##### 5.2.2.1.18\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-16 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.18\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.2.1.18\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-25 .H6}

Tables 5.2.2.1.18\_1.4-1 and 5.2.2.1.18\_1.4-2 define the primary level
settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.1.18\_1.4-2 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.1.18\_1.4-1: Test parameters for the LTE interference cells

+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| **Parameter**   | **Unit** | **Cell 1**      | **Cell 2**      |    |
+=================+==========+=================+=================+====+
| Propagation     |          | TDLA30-10 ULA   | TDLA30-10 ULA   |    |
| conditions and  |          | Low             | Low             |    |
| MIMO            |          |                 |                 |    |
| configuration   |          |                 |                 |    |
| (Note 1)        |          |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| INR (Note 2)    | dB       | 11.25           | 5.4             |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Cell-specific   |          | Antenna ports   | Antenna ports   |    |
| reference       |          | 0,1             | 0,1             |    |
| signals         |          |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Carrier centre  |          | Same as the     | Same as the     |    |
| subcarrier      |          | serving carrier | serving carrier |    |
| location        |          | centre          | centre          |    |
|                 |          | subcarrier      | subcarrier      |    |
|                 |          | location        | location        |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| BW~Channel~     | MHz      | 10              | 10              |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Cyclic Prefix   |          | Normal          | Normal          |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Physical cell   |          | 1               | 2               |    |
| ID              |          |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Number of       |          | 2               | 2               |    |
| control OFDM    |          |                 |                 |    |
| symbols         |          |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| PDSCH           |          | 4               | 4               |    |
| transmission    |          |                 |                 |    |
| mode            |          |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Interference    |          | As specified in | As specified in |    |
| model           |          | clause B.7      | clause B.7      |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Probability of  | \%       | 20              | 20              |    |
| occurrence of   |          |                 |                 |    |
| PDSCH data      |          |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Probability of  | Rank 1   | \%              | 80              | 80 |
| occurrence of   |          |                 |                 |    |
| transmission    |          |                 |                 |    |
| rank            |          |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
|                 | Rank 2   | \%              | 20              | 20 |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Downlink power  |          | dB              | -3              | -3 |
| allocation      |          |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
|                 |          | dB              | -3              | -3 |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
|                 | σ        | dB              | 0               | 0  |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Precoding       | PRB      | 6               | 6               |    |
| granularity     |          |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Time offset to  | us       | 3               | -1              |    |
| the serving     |          |                 |                 |    |
| cell            |          |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Frequency       | Hz       | 300             | -100            |    |
| offset to the   |          |                 |                 |    |
| serving cell    |          |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| MBSFN           |          | Not configured  | Not configured  |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Network-based   |          | Disabled        | Disabled        |    |
| CRS             |          |                 |                 |    |
| interference    |          |                 |                 |    |
| mitigation      |          |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Note 1: The     |          |                 |                 |    |
| channel for the |          |                 |                 |    |
| LTE             |          |                 |                 |    |
| interference    |          |                 |                 |    |
| cells and the   |          |                 |                 |    |
| serving cell    |          |                 |                 |    |
| are             |          |                 |                 |    |
| independent.    |          |                 |                 |    |
|                 |          |                 |                 |    |
| Note 2: Defined |          |                 |                 |    |
| in B.6.1.       |          |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+----------+-----------------+-----------------+----+

Table 5.2.2.1.18\_1.4-2: Test requirement for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | 1     | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 13.7  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-7.3 |       | 0.48  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.2.1.19 2Rx FDD FR1 for PDSCH with inter cell CRS interference

##### 5.2.2.1.19.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-22 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Tables 5.2.2.1.19.0-4 and
5.2.2.1.19.0-6, with the addition of test parameters in Tables
5.2.2.1.19.0-2 and 5.2.2.1.19.0-3 and the downlink physical channel
setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The requirements for UE capable of performing CRS-IM with the assistance
of network signalling on LTE channel bandwidth are specified in Table
5.2.2.1.19.0-4.

The requirements for UE capable of performing CRS-IM without the
assistance of network signalling on LTE channel bandwidth are specified
in Table 5.2.2.1.19.0-6.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.19.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.1.19.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                         Test index
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify PDSCH performance under 2 receive antenna conditions when PDSCH is interfered by inter cell CRS signal   1-1, 2-1

Table 5.2.2.1.19.0-2: Tests parameter for serving cell PDSCH

  Parameter                                                                  Unit                                                      Value   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------- -----------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                          FDD     
  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                  1       
  PDSCH configuration                                                        Mapping type                                                      Type A
                                                                             k0                                                                0
                                                                             Starting symbol (S)                                               2
                                                                             Length (L)                                                        12
                                                                             PDSCH aggregation factor                                          1
                                                                             PRB bundling type                                                 Static
                                                                             PRB bundling size                                                 2
                                                                             Resource allocation type                                          Type 0
                                                                             RBG size                                                          Config2
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                           Non-interleaved
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                        N/A
  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                   DMRS Type                                                         Type 1
                                                                             Number of additional DMRS                                         1
                                                                             Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS           1
  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                             4       
  The number of slots between PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             2       

Table 5.2.2.1.19.0-3: Tests parameter for interference cells

+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Parameter     | Unit          | Cell 1        | Cell 2        |    |
+===============+===============+===============+===============+====+
| Duplex mode   |               | FDD           | FDD           |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| INR           | dB            | 10.45         | 4.6           |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| LTE Bandwidth | MHz           | 20            | 20            |    |
| (Note 5)      |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Carrier       |               | Same as the   | Same as the   |    |
| centre        |               | NR serving    | NR serving    |    |
| subcarrier    |               | carrier       | carrier       |    |
| location      |               | centre        | centre        |    |
| (Note 6)      |               | subcarrier    | subcarrier    |    |
|               |               | location      | location      |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Cyclic Prefix |               | Normal        | Normal        |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Physical cell |               | 1             | 2             |    |
| ID            |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| CRS pattern   | Number of     |               | 4             | 4  |
|               | antenna ports |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               | v-shift       |               | 1             | 2  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Downlink      |               | dB            | -6            | -6 |
| power         |               |               |               |    |
| allocation    |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               |               | dB            | -6            | -6 |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               | σ             | dB            | 0             | 0  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| PDSCH         |               | TM4           | TM4           |    |
| transmission  |               |               |               |    |
| mode          |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| PDSCH loading | \%            | 20%           | 20%           |    |
| level         |               | probability   | probability   |    |
|               |               | of occurrence | of occurrence |    |
|               |               | of LTE data   | of LTE data   |    |
|               |               | transmission  | transmission  |    |
|               |               | in time       | in time       |    |
|               |               | domain, and   | domain, and   |    |
|               |               | full          | full          |    |
|               |               | bandwidth     | bandwidth     |    |
|               |               | allocation in | allocation in |    |
|               |               | frequency     | frequency     |    |
|               |               | domain for    | domain for    |    |
|               |               | test 1-1.     | test 1-1.     |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Transmission  | \%            | 80% and 20%   | 80% and 20%   |    |
| rank          |               | probability   | probability   |    |
|               |               | for rank 1    | for rank 1    |    |
|               |               | and rank 2    | and rank 2    |    |
|               |               | respectively  | respectively  |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Interference  |               | As specified  | As specified  |    |
| model         |               | in clause B.7 | in clause B.7 |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Time offset   | us            | 3             | -1            |    |
| to the        |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Frequency     | Hz            | 300           | -100          |    |
| offset to the |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Propagation   |               | TDLA30-10 ULA | TDLA30-10 ULA |    |
| conditions    |               | Low           | Low           |    |
| and MIMO      |               |               |               |    |
| configuration |               |               |               |    |
| (Note 1)      |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Precoding     | PRB           | 8             | 8             |    |
| granularity   |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Note 1: The   |               |               |               |    |
| channel for   |               |               |               |    |
| the LTE       |               |               |               |    |
| interference  |               |               |               |    |
| cells and the |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
| are           |               |               |               |    |
| independent.  |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 2: No    |               |               |               |    |
| MBSFN is      |               |               |               |    |
| configured on |               |               |               |    |
| LTE carrier.  |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 3:       |               |               |               |    |
| Network-based |               |               |               |    |
| CRS           |               |               |               |    |
| interference  |               |               |               |    |
| mitigation is |               |               |               |    |
| disabled on   |               |               |               |    |
| LTE carrier.  |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 4: The   |               |               |               |    |
| start of      |               |               |               |    |
| transmission  |               |               |               |    |
| of LTE frame  |               |               |               |    |
| is delayed by |               |               |               |    |
| 2 LTE         |               |               |               |    |
| subframes     |               |               |               |    |
| with respect  |               |               |               |    |
| to the start  |               |               |               |    |
| of            |               |               |               |    |
| transmission  |               |               |               |    |
| of NR frame   |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 5: This  |               |               |               |    |
| parameter is  |               |               |               |    |
| informed to   |               |               |               |    |
| UE via        |               |               |               |    |
| network       |               |               |               |    |
| assistance    |               |               |               |    |
| signalling    |               |               |               |    |
| for Test 1-1  |               |               |               |    |
| in Table      |               |               |               |    |
| 5.            |               |               |               |    |
| 2.2.1.19.0-4. |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 6:       |               |               |               |    |
| Single entry  |               |               |               |    |
| is included   |               |               |               |    |
| in IE         |               |               |               |    |
| *LTE-NeighCe  |               |               |               |    |
| llsCRS-Assist |               |               |               |    |
| InfoList-r17* |               |               |               |    |
| that applies  |               |               |               |    |
| for both      |               |               |               |    |
| cells for     |               |               |               |    |
| cases         |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+

Table 5.2.2.1.19.0-4: Minimum performance for Rank 1 with the assistance
of network signalling on LTE channel bandwidth

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat |       | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | cond  | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  | ition | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.PD  | 10 /  | 1     | TDLA  | 4x2,  | 70    | 11.9  |
|       | SCH.1 | 15    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | -18.1 |       | 0.48  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 5.2.2.1.19.0-5: Measurement Gap configurations

  Parameter                           Unit   Value
  ----------------------------------- ------ -------
  Measurement Gap Length              ms     6
  Measurement Gap Repetition Period   ms     40
  Gap offset                          ms     7
  Measurement gap timing advance      ms     0

Table 5.2.2.1.19.0-6: Minimum performance for Rank 1 without the
assistance of network signalling on LTE channel bandwidth

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat |       | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | cond  | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  | ition | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 2-1   | R.PD  | 10 /  | 1     | TDLA  | 4x2,  | 70    | 11.9  |
|       | SCH.1 | 15    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | -17.2 |       | 0.48  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.1.19.

##### 5.2.2.1.19\_1 2Rx FDD FR1 for PDSCH with inter cell CRS interference scenario -- 4x2 MIMO for both NSA and SA

##### 5.2.2.1.19\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-26 .H6}

To verify PDSCH performance under 2 receive antenna conditions when
PDSCH is interfered by inter cell CRS signal.

##### 5.2.2.1.19\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-26 .H6}

Test 2-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward that
support *CRS-IM-nonDSS-15kHzSCS-r17.*

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward that
support *CRS-IM-nonDSS-NWA-15kHzSCS-r17.*

##### 5.2.2.1.19\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-26 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.19\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-26 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.8
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Tables 5.2.2.1.19.0-2 and 5.2.2.1.19\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.1.19\_1.3.3.

6\. For UE capable of performing CRS-IM without the assistance of
network signalling on LTE channel bandwidth, ensure the network
configures an inter-RAT LTE measurement object of the interfering cells
to the tested UE. Inter-RAT measurement is configured at the beginning
of the test and applied throughout the test with gap pattern
configurations according to Table 5.2.2.1.19.0-5. PDSCH is not
scheduled, and throughput is not counted during 4.64s after the
beginning of test. PDSCH is not scheduled in the measurement gaps.

##### 5.2.2.1.19\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-26 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.2.1.19\_1.4-2 and 5.2.2.1.19\_1.4-3
as appropriate. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.2.1.19\_1.4-2 and 5.2.2.1.19\_1.4-3 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Tables
5.2.2.1.19\_1.4-2 and 5.2.2.1.19\_1.4-3 as appropriate.

##### 5.2.2.1.19\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-26 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.2.1.19\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-17 .H6}

As defined in clause 4.6.3 of TS 38.508-1 \[6\] with the following
exceptions:

Table 5.2.2.1.19\_1.3.3\_1-1: *LTE-NeighCellsCRS-AssistInfoList*

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-67A                                                                                                         
  Information Element                                                                                                                Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  LTE-NeighCellsCRS-AssistInfoList-r17 ::= SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxNrofCRS-IM-InterfCell-r17)) OF LTE-NeighCellsCRS-AssistInfo-r17 {   1 entry                  Test 1-1
  LTE-NeighCellsCRS-AssistInfo-r17\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                            
  neighCarrierBandwidthDL-r17                                                                                                        n100                     
  neighNrofCRS-Ports-r17                                                                                                             n4                       
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 5.2.2.1.19\_1.3.3\_1-2: *MeasGapConfig*

  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-70                            
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  MeasGapConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                  Test 2-1
  gapUE CHOICE {                                                                
  setup SEQUENCE {                                                              
  gapOffset                                            7                        
  mgl                                                  ms6                      
  mgrp                                                 ms40                     
  mgta                                                 ms0                      
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

##### 5.2.2.1.19\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-17 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.19\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.2.1.19\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-26 .H6}

Tables 5.2.2.1.19\_1.4-1, 5.2.2.1.19\_1.4-2 and 5.2.2.1.19\_1.4-3 define
the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Tables 5.2.2.1.19\_1.4-2 and
Tables 5.2.2.1.19\_1.4-3 for the specified SNR including test tolerances
for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.1.19\_1.4-1: Tests parameter for interference cells

+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Parameter     | Unit          | Cell 1        | Cell 2        |    |
+===============+===============+===============+===============+====+
| Duplex mode   |               | FDD           | FDD           |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| INR           | dB            | 11.25         | 5.4           |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| LTE Bandwidth | MHz           | 20            | 20            |    |
| (Note 5)      |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Carrier       |               | Same as the   | Same as the   |    |
| centre        |               | NR serving    | NR serving    |    |
| subcarrier    |               | carrier       | carrier       |    |
| location      |               | centre        | centre        |    |
| (Note 6)      |               | subcarrier    | subcarrier    |    |
|               |               | location      | location      |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Cyclic Prefix |               | Normal        | Normal        |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Physical cell |               | 1             | 2             |    |
| ID            |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| CRS pattern   | Number of     |               | 4             | 4  |
|               | antenna ports |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               | v-shift       |               | 1             | 2  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Downlink      |               | dB            | -6            | -6 |
| power         |               |               |               |    |
| allocation    |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               |               | dB            | -6            | -6 |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               | σ             | dB            | 0             | 0  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| PDSCH         |               | TM4           | TM4           |    |
| transmission  |               |               |               |    |
| mode          |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| PDSCH loading | \%            | 20%           | 20%           |    |
| level         |               | probability   | probability   |    |
|               |               | of occurrence | of occurrence |    |
|               |               | of LTE data   | of LTE data   |    |
|               |               | transmission  | transmission  |    |
|               |               | in time       | in time       |    |
|               |               | domain, and   | domain, and   |    |
|               |               | full          | full          |    |
|               |               | bandwidth     | bandwidth     |    |
|               |               | allocation in | allocation in |    |
|               |               | frequency     | frequency     |    |
|               |               | domain for    | domain for    |    |
|               |               | test 1-1.     | test 1-1.     |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Transmission  | \%            | 80% and 20%   | 80% and 20%   |    |
| rank          |               | probability   | probability   |    |
|               |               | for rank 1    | for rank 1    |    |
|               |               | and rank 2    | and rank 2    |    |
|               |               | respectively  | respectively  |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Interference  |               | As specified  | As specified  |    |
| model         |               | in clause B.7 | in clause B.7 |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Time offset   | us            | 3             | -1            |    |
| to the        |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Frequency     | Hz            | 300           | -100          |    |
| offset to the |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Propagation   |               | TDLA30-10 ULA | TDLA30-10 ULA |    |
| conditions    |               | Low           | Low           |    |
| and MIMO      |               |               |               |    |
| configuration |               |               |               |    |
| (Note 1)      |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Precoding     | PRB           | 8             | 8             |    |
| granularity   |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Note 1: The   |               |               |               |    |
| channel for   |               |               |               |    |
| the LTE       |               |               |               |    |
| interference  |               |               |               |    |
| cells and the |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
| are           |               |               |               |    |
| independent.  |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 2: No    |               |               |               |    |
| MBSFN is      |               |               |               |    |
| configured on |               |               |               |    |
| LTE carrier.  |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 3:       |               |               |               |    |
| Network-based |               |               |               |    |
| CRS           |               |               |               |    |
| interference  |               |               |               |    |
| mitigation is |               |               |               |    |
| disabled on   |               |               |               |    |
| LTE carrier.  |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 4: The   |               |               |               |    |
| start of      |               |               |               |    |
| transmission  |               |               |               |    |
| of LTE frame  |               |               |               |    |
| is delayed by |               |               |               |    |
| 2 LTE         |               |               |               |    |
| subframes     |               |               |               |    |
| with respect  |               |               |               |    |
| to the start  |               |               |               |    |
| of            |               |               |               |    |
| transmission  |               |               |               |    |
| of NR frame   |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 5: This  |               |               |               |    |
| parameter is  |               |               |               |    |
| informed to   |               |               |               |    |
| UE via        |               |               |               |    |
| network       |               |               |               |    |
| assistance    |               |               |               |    |
| signalling    |               |               |               |    |
| for Test 1-1  |               |               |               |    |
| in Table      |               |               |               |    |
| 5.            |               |               |               |    |
| 2.2.1.19.0-4. |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 6:       |               |               |               |    |
| Single entry  |               |               |               |    |
| is included   |               |               |               |    |
| in IE         |               |               |               |    |
| *LTE-NeighCe  |               |               |               |    |
| llsCRS-Assist |               |               |               |    |
| InfoList-r17* |               |               |               |    |
| that applies  |               |               |               |    |
| for both      |               |               |               |    |
| cells for     |               |               |               |    |
| cases         |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+

Table 5.2.2.1.19\_1.4-2: Test requirement for Rank 1 with the assistance
of network signalling on LTE channel bandwidth

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat |       | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | cond  | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  | ition | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.PD  | 10 /  | 1     | TDLA  | 4x2,  | 70    | 13.7  |
|       | SCH.1 | 15    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | -18.1 |       | 0.48  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 5.2.2.1.19\_1.4-3: Test requirement for Rank 1 without the
assistance of network signalling on LTE channel bandwidth

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat |       | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | cond  | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  | ition | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 2-1   | R.PD  | 10 /  | 1     | TDLA  | 4x2,  | 70    | 13.7  |
|       | SCH.1 | 15    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | -17.2 |       | 0.48  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.2.1.20 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH HST-SFN Scheme A performance - 2x2 MIMO for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.1.20.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-27 .H6}

To verify the UE performance in the HST-SFN Scheme A scenario.

##### 5.2.2.1.20.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-27 .H6}

This test case applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward that
support SFN scheme A for PDCCH scheduling SFN Scheme A PDSCH.

This test case applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 17 and forward
that support EN-DC and SFN scheme A for PDCCH scheduling SFN Scheme A
PDSCH.

##### 5.2.2.1.20.3 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-23 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.20.3-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.2.1.20.3-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.20.3-1.

**Table 5.2.2.1.20.3-1: Tests purpose**

  **Purpose**                                                                **Test index**
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------
  Verify UE performance in the HST-SFN Scheme A scenario defined in B.3. 5   1-1

**Table 5.2.2.1.20.3-2: Test parameters**

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| **          | **Unit**    | **Value**   |             |             |
| Parameter** |             |             |             |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| Duplex mode |             | FDD         |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Active DL   |             | 1           |             |             |
| BWP index   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDCCH       | TCI state   |             | Note 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH       | Mapping     |             | Type A      |             |
| co          | type        |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | k0          |             | 0           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Starting    |             | 2           |             |
|             | symbol (S)  |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Length (L)  |             | 12          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PDSCH       |             | 1           |             |
|             | aggregation |             |             |             |
|             | factor      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | Static      |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | 2           |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | size        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    |             | Type 0      |             |
|             | allocation  |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | RBG size    |             | Config2     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | Non-        |             |
|             | mapping     |             | interleaved |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | N/A         |             |
|             | mapping     |             |             |             |
|             | interleaver |             |             |             |
|             | bundle size |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | TCI state   |             | Note 1      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH DMRS  | DMRS Type   |             | Type 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 2           |             |
|             | additional  |             |             |             |
|             | DMRS        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Maximum     |             | 1           |             |
|             | number of   |             |             |             |
|             | OFDM        |             |             |             |
|             | symbols for |             |             |             |
|             | DL front    |             |             |             |
|             | loaded DMRS |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CSI-RS for  | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 5    |
| tracking    | set \#1     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 1  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 3       |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 9    |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 2  |
|             |             |             |             | and 4       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 10 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 1,2,3,4.    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | and 2\      |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 3  |
|             |             |             |             | and 4       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#3         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 6    |
|             | set \#2     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 5  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 7       |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 10   |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 6  |
|             |             |             |             | and 8       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 10 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 5,6,7,8.    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 5  |
|             |             |             |             | and 6\      |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 7  |
|             |             |             |             | and 8       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#4         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 4    |
|             | set \#3     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 9  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 11      |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 8    |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 10 |
|             |             |             |             | and 12      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 10 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 9,10,11,12. |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 9  |
|             |             |             |             | and 10\     |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 11 |
|             |             |             |             | and 12      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#5         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NZP CSI-RS  | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 12   |
| for CSI     | set \#4     | symbol in   |             |             |
| acquisition |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#0         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 13   |
|             | set \#5     | symbol in   |             |             |
|             |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#1         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 7    |
|             | set \#6     | symbol in   |             |             |
|             |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#2         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#0         | information | resource    |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#1\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#1         | information | resource    |             | resource 5  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#2\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#2         | information | resource    |             | resource 9  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#3\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#0     |
| \#3         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#1     |
| \#4         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#2     |
| \#5         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Number of   |             | 4           |             |             |
| HARQ        |             |             |             |             |
| Processes   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| The number  |             | 2           |             |             |
| of slots    |             |             |             |             |
| between     |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| rresponding |             |             |             |             |
| HARQ-ACK    |             |             |             |             |
| information |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Note 1: SSB |             |             |             |             |
| \# (k mod   |             |             |             |             |
| 3), CSI-RS  |             |             |             |             |
| (for        |             |             |             |             |
| tracking)   |             |             |             |             |
| resource    |             |             |             |             |
| set \# ((k  |             |             |             |             |
| mod 3) + 1) |             |             |             |             |
| and CSI-RS  |             |             |             |             |
| (for CSI    |             |             |             |             |
| a           |             |             |             |             |
| cquisition) |             |             |             |             |
| resource    |             |             |             |             |
| set \# ((k  |             |             |             |             |
| mod 3) + 4) |             |             |             |             |
| are         |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| by k^th^    |             |             |             |             |
| RRH.        |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| Codepoint   |             |             |             |             |
| \#0 is      |             |             |             |             |
| activated   |             |             |             |             |
| when UE     |             |             |             |             |
| receives    |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH/PDSCH |             |             |             |             |
| from        |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k and |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+1   |             |             |             |             |
| with TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| States TCI  |             |             |             |             |
| state \#0,  |             |             |             |             |
| TCI State   |             |             |             |             |
| \#1.        |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| Codepoint   |             |             |             |             |
| \#1 is      |             |             |             |             |
| activated   |             |             |             |             |
| when UE     |             |             |             |             |
| receives    |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH/PDSCH |             |             |             |             |
| from        |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+1   |             |             |             |             |
| and         |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+2   |             |             |             |             |
| with TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| States TCI  |             |             |             |             |
| state \#1,  |             |             |             |             |
| TCI State   |             |             |             |             |
| \#2.        |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| Codepoint   |             |             |             |             |
| \#2 is      |             |             |             |             |
| activated   |             |             |             |             |
| when UE     |             |             |             |             |
| receives    |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH/PDSCH |             |             |             |             |
| from        |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+2   |             |             |             |             |
| and         |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+3   |             |             |             |             |
| with TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| States TCI  |             |             |             |             |
| state \#2,  |             |             |             |             |
| TCI State   |             |             |             |             |
| \#0.        |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

**Table 5.2.2.1.20.3-3: Minimum performance for HST-SFN Scheme A**

  **Test num.**   **Reference channel**   **Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)**   **Modulation format and code rate**   **Propagation condition**   **Correlation matrix and antenna configuration**   **Reference value**                      
  --------------- ----------------------- ------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------- --------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- --------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                **Fraction of maximum throughput (%)**   **SNR (dB)**
  1-1             R.PDSCH.1-8.5 FDD       10 / 15                                          16QAM, 0.48                           HST-SFN Scheme A            2x2                                                70                                       11.8

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.1.20.

##### 5.2.2.1.20.4 Test description {#test-description-27 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.20.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-27 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.2.1.20.3-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.3.5.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.1.20.4.3.

##### 5.2.2.1.20.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-27 .H6}

1\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.2.1.20.5-1 as appropriate.

2\. SS is configured to transmit SSB and CSI-RS continuously and
schedule PDSCH and PDCCH transmission according to Note 1 in
5.2.2.1.20.3-2. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI
to transmit the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.2.1.20.5-1. The SS sends
downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

Note: All TCI states are known to the UE through configuration inside
RrcReconfiguration. There is no need to configure additional L1-RSRP
measurements.

3\. Send MAC CE command "Enhanced TCI States Indication for UE-specific
PDCCH MAC CE" according to the timing described in Note 1 of Table
5.2.2.1.20.3-2 to active TCI state codepoint 0, 1 or 2 for PDCCH
periodically. PDSCH is automatically associated with TCI state codepoint
0, 1 or 2 as tci-PresentInDCI is not present. TCI states 3, 4 and 5 for
SSBs are automatically activated through relation of QCL-Info in NZP
CSI-RS.

4\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.2.1.20.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-27 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.2.1.20.4.3.1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-18 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.1.20.4.3.1-1: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                               
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------ -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment      Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                        
  prb-BundlingType CHOICE {                                                          
  staticBundling SEQUENCE {                                                          
  bundleSize                                             Not present    n2 is used   Test 1-1
  }                                                                                  
  }                                                                                  
  }                                                                                  

Table 5.2.2.1.20.4.3.1-2: DMRS-DownlinkConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-24                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  DMRS-DownlinkConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                              
  dmrs-AdditionalPosition                                pos2                     Test 1-1
  }                                                                               

Table 5.2.2.1.20.4.3.1-3: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-25                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                          
  nrofHARQ-ProcessesForPDSCH                             n4                       Test 1-1
  }                                                                               

Table 5.2.2.1.20.4.3.1-4: NZP-CSI-RS-Resource for TRS

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-8 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| NZP-            |                 |                 |           |
| CSI-RS-Resource |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| nzp-CS          | i-1 for CSI-RS  | for test 1-1    |           |
| I-RS-ResourceId | resource \#i,   |                 |           |
|                 | i=1,2,3,4,5,6   |                 |           |
|                 | ,7,8,9,10,11,12 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| qcl-Inf         | 3 for CSI-RS    | for test 1-1:   |           |
| oPeriodicCSI-RS | resource \#1,   |                 |           |
|                 | \#2, \#3, \#4   | TCI-StateId for |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-State \#3   |           |
|                 | 4 for CSI-RS    | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 | resource \#5,   | resource \#1,   |           |
|                 | \#6, \#7, \#8   | \#2, \#3, \#4   |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 5 for CSI-RS    | TCI-StateId for |           |
|                 | resource \#9,   | TCI-State \#4   |           |
|                 | \#10, \#11,     | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 | \#12            | resource \#5,   |           |
|                 |                 | \#6, \#7, \#8   |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-StateId for |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-State \#5   |           |
|                 |                 | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#9,   |           |
|                 |                 | \#10, \#11,     |           |
|                 |                 | \#12            |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.1.20.4.3.1-5: CSI-RS-ResourceMapping for TRS (Table
5.2.2.1.20.4.3.1-4)

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-9 |                 |                 |           |
| with condition  |                 |                 |           |
| TRS             |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CSI-RS-         |                 |                 |           |
| ResourceMapping |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| firstOFDMSym    | 5 for CSI-RS    | for test 1-1:   |           |
| bolInTimeDomain | resource \#1    |                 |           |
|                 | and \#3         | l~0~ = 5 for    |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | 9 for CSI-RS    | 1 and 3         |           |
|                 | resource \#2    |                 |           |
|                 | and \#4         | l~0~ = 9 for    |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | 6 for CSI-RS    | 2 and 4         |           |
|                 | resource \#5    |                 |           |
|                 | and \#7         | l~0~ = 6 for    |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | 10 for CSI-RS   | 5 and 7         |           |
|                 | resource \#6    |                 |           |
|                 | and \#8         | l~0~ = 10 for   |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | 4 for CSI-RS    | 6 and 8         |           |
|                 | resource \#9    |                 |           |
|                 | and \#11        | l~0~ = 4 for    |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | 8 for CSI-RS    | 9 and 11        |           |
|                 | resource \#10   |                 |           |
|                 | and \#12        | l~0~ = 8 for    |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 |                 | 10 and 12       |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.1.20.4.3.1-6: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Tracking (Table 5.2.2.1.20.4.3.1-4)

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-9 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CS              |                 |                 |           |
| I-ResourcePerio |                 |                 |           |
| dicityAndOffset |                 |                 |           |
| ::= CHOICE {    |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| slots10         | 1 for CSI-RS    | For test 1-1:   |           |
|                 | resource \#1,   |                 |           |
|                 | \#2, \#5, \#6,  | periodicity:    |           |
|                 | \#9, \#10       |                 |           |
|                 |                 | 10 slots.       |           |
|                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |                 |           |
|                 | resource \#3    | offset:         |           |
|                 | \#4, \#7, \#8,  |                 |           |
|                 | \#11, \#12      | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 1 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 2\              |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 3 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 4               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 5 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 6\              |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 7 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 8               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 9 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 10\             |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 11 and |           |
|                 |                 | 12              |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.1.20.4.3.1-7: NZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet for TRS

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 5.4.2.0-12     |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-       |                |                |                |
| RS-ResourceSet |                |                |                |
| ::= SEQUENCE { |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp\_CSI\      | 0 for Resource | For test 1-1   |                |
| _ResourceSetId | set \#1        |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 1 for Resource |                |                |
|                | set \#2        |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 2 for Resource |                |                |
|                | set \#3        |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 4 entries      | For test 1-1   | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#1            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 0              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#1   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 1              | entry 2        |                |
| esourceId\[2\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#2   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 2              | entry 3        |                |
| esourceId\[3\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#3   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 3              | entry 4        |                |
| esourceId\[4\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#4   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 4 entries      | For test 1-1   | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#2            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 4              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#5   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 5              | entry 2        |                |
| esourceId\[2\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#6   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 6              | entry 3        |                |
| esourceId\[3\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#7   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 7              | entry 4        |                |
| esourceId\[4\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#8   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 4 entries      | For test 1-1   | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#3            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 8              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#9   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 9              | entry 2        |                |
| esourceId\[2\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#10  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 10             | entry 3        |                |
| esourceId\[3\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#11  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 11             | entry 4        |                |
| esourceId\[4\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#12  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| trs-Info       | true           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.2.1.20.4.3.1-8: NZP-CSI-RS-Resource for CSI Acquisition

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table           |                 |                 |           |
| 5.4.2.0-14      |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| NZP-            |                 |                 |           |
| CSI-RS-Resource |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| nzp-CS          | 12 for CSI-RS   | for test 1-1    |           |
| I-RS-ResourceId | resource \#13   |                 |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 13 for CSI-RS   |                 |           |
|                 | resource \#14   |                 |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 14 for CSI-RS   |                 |           |
|                 | resource \#15   |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| qcl-Inf         | 0 for CSI-RS    | for test 1-1:   |           |
| oPeriodicCSI-RS | resource \#13   |                 |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-State \#0   |           |
|                 | 1 for CSI-RS    | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 | resource \#14   | resource \#13   |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 2 for CSI-RS    | TCI-State \#1   |           |
|                 | resource \#15   | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#14   |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-State \#2   |           |
|                 |                 | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#15   |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.1.20.4.3.1-9: CSI-RS-ResourceMapping for CSI Acquisition
(Table 5.2.2.1.20.4.3.1-8)

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table           |                 |                 |           |
| 5.4.2.0-15      |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CSI-RS-         |                 |                 |           |
| ResourceMapping |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| firstOFDMSym    | 12 for CSI-RS   | for test 1-1    |           |
| bolInTimeDomain | resource \#13   |                 |           |
|                 |                 | l0=12 for       |           |
|                 | 13 for CSI-RS   | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | resource \#14   | \#13            |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 7 for CSI-RS    | l0=13 for       |           |
|                 | resource \#15   | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 |                 | \#14            |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | l0=7 for CSI-RS |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#15   |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.1.20.4.3.1-10: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Acquisition (Table 5.2.2.1.20.4.3.1-8)

+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| Derivation Path:  |              |                   |           |
| TS 38.508-1       |              |                   |           |
| \[6\], Table      |              |                   |           |
| 5.4.2.0-16        |              |                   |           |
+===================+==============+===================+===========+
| Information       | Value/remark | Comment           | Condition |
| Element           |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| CSI-ResourcePer   |              |                   |           |
| iodicityAndOffset |              |                   |           |
| ::= CHOICE {      |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| slots20           | 0            | For test 1-1      |           |
|                   |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | periodicity = 20  |           |
|                   |              | slots.            |           |
|                   |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | offset = 0 slots  |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| }                 |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.1.20.4.3.1-11: NZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet for CSI Acquisition

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 5.4.2.0-18     |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-       |                |                |                |
| RS-ResourceSet |                |                |                |
| ::= SEQUENCE { |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp\_CSI\      | 3 for Resource | For test 1-1   |                |
| _ResourceSetId | set \#4        |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 4 for Resource |                |                |
|                | set \#5        |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 5 for Resource |                |                |
|                | set \#6        |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 1 entry        | For test 1-1   | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#4            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 12             | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#13  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 1 entry        | For test 1-1   | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#5            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 13             | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#14  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 1 entry        | For test 1-1   | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#5            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 14             | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#15  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.2.1.20.4.3.1-12: *TCI-State*

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 4.6.3-190      |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| TCI-State ::=  |                |                |                |
| SEQUENCE {     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| tci-StateId    | 0 for TCI      | For test 1-1   |                |
|                | state \#0      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 1 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#1      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 2 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#2      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 3 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#3      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 4 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#4      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 5 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#5      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| qcl-Type1      |                |                |                |
| SEQUENCE {     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| bwp-Id         | BWP-Id of      |                | TCI state \#0, |
|                | active BWP     |                | TCI state \#1, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#2  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Not present    |                | TCI state \#3, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#4, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#5  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| r              |                |                |                |
| eferenceSignal |                |                |                |
| CHOICE {       |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| csi-rs         | 0              | CSI-RS         | TCI state \#0  |
|                |                | resource \#1   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 4              | CSI-RS         | TCI state \#1  |
|                |                | resource \#5   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 8              | CSI-RS         | TCI state \#2  |
|                |                | resource \#9   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| ssb            | 0              | SSB \#0        | TCI state \#3  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 1              | SSB \#1        | TCI state \#4  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 2              | SSB \#2        | TCI state \#5  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| qcl-Type       | typeA          |                | TCI state \#0, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#1, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#2  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | typeC          |                | TCI state \#3, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#4, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#5  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

##### 5.2.2.1.20.4.3.2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-18 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.20.4.3.1.

##### 5.2.2.1.20.5 Test Requirement {#test-requirement-27 .H6}

Tables 5.2.2.1.20.3-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.1.20.5-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.1.20.5-1: Test Requirements for HST-SFN Scheme A

  **Test num.**   **Reference channel**   **Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)**   **Modulation format and code rate**   **Propagation condition**   **Correlation matrix and antenna configuration**   **Reference value**                      
  --------------- ----------------------- ------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------- --------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- --------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                **Fraction of maximum throughput (%)**   **SNR (dB)**
  1-1             R.PDSCH.1-8.5 FDD       10 / 15                                          16QAM, 0.48                           HST-SFN Scheme A            2x2                                                70                                       12.4

##### 5.2.2.1.21 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH HST-SFN Scheme B performance - 2x2 MIMO for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.1.21.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-28 .H6}

To verify the UE performance in the HST-SFN Scheme B scenario.

##### 5.2.2.1.21.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-28 .H6}

This test case applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward that
support SFN scheme B for PDCCH scheduling SFN Scheme B PDSCH.

This test case applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 17 and forward
that support EN-DC and SFN scheme B for PDCCH scheduling SFN Scheme B
PDSCH.

This test case could be skipped if UE has passed 5.2.2.1.20.

##### 5.2.2.1.21.3 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-24 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.21.3-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.2.1.21.3-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.1.21.3-1.

**Table 5.2.2.1.21.3-1: Tests purpose**

  **Purpose**                                                               **Test index**
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------
  Verify UE performance in the HST-SFN Scheme B scenario defined in B.3.6   1-1

**Table 5.2.2.1.21.3-2: Test parameters**

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| **          | **Unit**    | **Value**   |             |             |
| Parameter** |             |             |             |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| Duplex mode |             | FDD         |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Active DL   |             | 1           |             |             |
| BWP index   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDCCH       | TCI state   |             | Note 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH       | Mapping     |             | Type A      |             |
| co          | type        |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | k0          |             | 0           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Starting    |             | 2           |             |
|             | symbol (S)  |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Length (L)  |             | 12          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PDSCH       |             | 1           |             |
|             | aggregation |             |             |             |
|             | factor      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | Static      |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | 2           |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | size        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    |             | Type 0      |             |
|             | allocation  |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | RBG size    |             | Config2     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | Non-        |             |
|             | mapping     |             | interleaved |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | N/A         |             |
|             | mapping     |             |             |             |
|             | interleaver |             |             |             |
|             | bundle size |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | TCI state   |             | Note 1      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH DMRS  | DMRS Type   |             | Type 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 2           |             |
|             | additional  |             |             |             |
|             | DMRS        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Maximum     |             | 1           |             |
|             | number of   |             |             |             |
|             | OFDM        |             |             |             |
|             | symbols for |             |             |             |
|             | DL front    |             |             |             |
|             | loaded DMRS |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CSI-RS for  | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 5    |
| tracking    | set \#1     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 1  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 3       |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 9    |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 2  |
|             |             |             |             | and 4       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 10 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 1,2,3,4.    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | and 2\      |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 3  |
|             |             |             |             | and 4       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#3         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 6    |
|             | set \#2     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 5  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 7       |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 10   |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 6  |
|             |             |             |             | and 8       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 10 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 5,6,7,8.    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 5  |
|             |             |             |             | and 6\      |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 7  |
|             |             |             |             | and 8       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#4         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 4    |
|             | set \#3     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 9  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 11      |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 8    |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 10 |
|             |             |             |             | and 12      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 10 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 9,10,11,12. |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 9  |
|             |             |             |             | and 10\     |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 11 |
|             |             |             |             | and 12      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#5         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NZP CSI-RS  | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 12   |
| for CSI     | set \#4     | symbol in   |             |             |
| acquisition |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#0         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 13   |
|             | set \#5     | symbol in   |             |             |
|             |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#1         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 7    |
|             | set \#6     | symbol in   |             |             |
|             |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#2         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#0         | information | resource    |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#1\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#1         | information | resource    |             | resource 5  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#2\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#2         | information | resource    |             | resource 9  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#3\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#0     |
| \#3         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#1     |
| \#4         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#2     |
| \#5         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Number of   |             | 4           |             |             |
| HARQ        |             |             |             |             |
| Processes   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| The number  |             | 2           |             |             |
| of slots    |             |             |             |             |
| between     |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| rresponding |             |             |             |             |
| HARQ-ACK    |             |             |             |             |
| information |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Note 1: SSB |             |             |             |             |
| \# (k mod   |             |             |             |             |
| 3), CSI-RS  |             |             |             |             |
| (for        |             |             |             |             |
| tracking)   |             |             |             |             |
| resource    |             |             |             |             |
| set \# ((k  |             |             |             |             |
| mod 3) + 1) |             |             |             |             |
| and CSI-RS  |             |             |             |             |
| (for CSI    |             |             |             |             |
| a           |             |             |             |             |
| cquisition) |             |             |             |             |
| resource    |             |             |             |             |
| set \# ((k  |             |             |             |             |
| mod 3) + 4) |             |             |             |             |
| are         |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| by k^th^    |             |             |             |             |
| RRH.        |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| C           |             |             |             |             |
| odepoint\#0 |             |             |             |             |
| {TCI state  |             |             |             |             |
| \#0, TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| State \#1}  |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| activated   |             |             |             |             |
| when UE     |             |             |             |             |
| receives    |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH/PDSCH |             |             |             |             |
| from        |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k and |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+1.  |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| C           |             |             |             |             |
| odepoint\#1 |             |             |             |             |
| {TCI state  |             |             |             |             |
| \#1, TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| State \#2}  |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| activated   |             |             |             |             |
| when UE     |             |             |             |             |
| receives    |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH/PDSCH |             |             |             |             |
| from        |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+1   |             |             |             |             |
| and         |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+2.  |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| C           |             |             |             |             |
| odepoint\#2 |             |             |             |             |
| {TCI state  |             |             |             |             |
| \#2, TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| State \#0}  |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| activated   |             |             |             |             |
| when UE     |             |             |             |             |
| receives    |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH/PDSCH |             |             |             |             |
| from        |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+2   |             |             |             |             |
| and         |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+3.  |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| The second  |             |             |             |             |
| indicated   |             |             |             |             |
| TCI state   |             |             |             |             |
| in each     |             |             |             |             |
| codepoint   |             |             |             |             |
| is not used |             |             |             |             |
| for quasi   |             |             |             |             |
| co-location |             |             |             |             |
| parameters  |             |             |             |             |
| {Doppler    |             |             |             |             |
| shift,      |             |             |             |             |
| Doppler     |             |             |             |             |
| spread}.    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

**Table 5.2.2.1.21.3-3: Minimum performance for HST-SFN Scheme B**

  **Test num.**   **Reference channel**   **Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)**   **Modulation format and code rate**   **Propagation condition**   **Correlation matrix and antenna configuration**   **Reference value**                      
  --------------- ----------------------- ------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------- --------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- --------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                **Fraction of maximum throughput (%)**   **SNR (dB)**
  1-1             R.PDSCH.1-8.5 FDD       10/15                                            16QAM, 0.48                           HST-SFN-Scheme B            2x2                                                70                                       11.3

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.1.21.

##### 5.2.2.1.21.4 Test description {#test-description-28 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.1.21.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-28 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.2.1.21.3-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.3.6.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.1.21.4.3.

##### 5.2.2.1.21.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-28 .H6}

1\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.2.1.21.5-1 as appropriate.

2\. SS is configured to transmit SSB and CSI-RS continuously and
schedule PDSCH and PDCCH transmission according to Note 1 in
5.2.2.1.21.3-2. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI
to transmit the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.2.1.21.5-1. The SS sends
downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

Note: All TCI states are known to the UE through configuration inside
RrcReconfiguration. There is no need to configure additional L1-RSRP
measurements.

3\. Send MAC CE command "Enhanced TCI States Indication for UE-specific
PDCCH MAC CE" according to the timing described in Note 1 of table
5.2.2.1.21.5-1 to active TCI state codepoint 0, 1 or 2 for PDCCH
periodically. PDSCH is automatically associated with TCI state codepoint
0, 1 or 2 as tci-PresentInDCI is not present. TCI states 3, 4 and 5 for
SSBs are automatically activated through relation of QCL-Info in NZP
CSI-RS.

4\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.2.1.21.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-28 .H6}

Same as message contents in 5.2.2.1.20.4.3.

##### 5.2.2.1.21.5 Test Requirement {#test-requirement-28 .H6}

Tables 5.2.2.1.21.3-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.1.21.5-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.1.21.5-1: Test Requirements for HST-SFN Scheme B

  **Test num.**   **Reference channel**   **Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)**   **Modulation format and code rate**   **Propagation condition**   **Correlation matrix and antenna configuration**   **Reference value**                      
  --------------- ----------------------- ------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------- --------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- --------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                **Fraction of maximum throughput (%)**   **SNR (dB)**
  1-1             R.PDSCH.1-8.5 FDD       10/15                                            16QAM, 0.48                           HST-SFN-Scheme B            2x2                                                70                                       11.9

#### 5.2.2.2 TDD

##### 5.2.2.2.1 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A performance

##### 5.2.2.2.1.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-25 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.1.0-3 and
Table 5.2.2.2.1.0-4, with the addition of test parameters in Table
5.2.2.2.1.0-2 and the downlink physical channel setup according to Annex
C.2.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.1.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.2.1.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                                   Test index
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 2 receive antenna conditions and with different channel models, MCSs and number of MIMO layers   1-1, 1-2, 1-3, 1-5, 1-6, 1-7, 1-8, 1-9, 1-10, 1-11, 1-12, 2-1, 2-2
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A HARQ soft combining performance under 2 receive antenna conditions.                                                       1-4
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A performance requirements for Enhanced Receiver Type 1 under 2 receive antenna conditions.                                 3-1
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A performance requirements with R18 DMRS                                                                                    2-3

Table 5.2.2.2.1.0-2: Test parameters

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Parameter      | Unit           | Value          |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Duplex mode    |                | TDD            |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Active DL BWP  |                | 1              |                |
| index          |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH          | Mapping type   |                | Type A         |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | k0             |                | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Starting       |                | 2              |
|                | symbol (S)     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Length (L)     |                | Specific to    |
|                |                |                | each Reference |
|                |                |                | channel        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PDSCH          |                | 1              |
|                | aggregation    |                |                |
|                | factor         |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | Static         |
|                | type           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | 4 for Tests    |
|                | size           |                | 1-1, 1-8, 1-9  |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | 2 for other    |
|                |                |                | tests          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Resource       |                | Test 1-2: Type |
|                | allocation     |                | 1 with start   |
|                | type           |                | RB = 50,       |
|                |                |                | L~RBs~ = 6     |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Other tests:   |
|                |                |                | Type 0         |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | RBG size       |                | Test 1-2: N/A  |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Other tests:   |
|                |                |                | Config2        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N              |
|                | mapping type   |                | on-interleaved |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N/A            |
|                | mapping        |                |                |
|                | interleaver    |                |                |
|                | bundle size    |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH DMRS     | DMRS Type      |                | Type 1 for all |
| configuration  |                |                | but Test 2-3   |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Enhanced Type  |
|                |                |                | 1 for Test     |
|                |                |                | 2-3.           |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Number of      |                | 2 for Tests    |
|                | additional     |                | 1-1 , 1-7,     |
|                | DMRS           |                | 1-8, 1-9,      |
|                |                |                | 1-10, 1-11     |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | 1 for other    |
|                |                |                | tests          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Maximum number |                | 1              |
|                | of OFDM        |                |                |
|                | symbols for DL |                |                |
|                | front loaded   |                |                |
|                | DMRS           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Antenna ports  |                | Test 2-3:      |
|                | indexes        |                | {1008, 1009}   |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Other tests:   |
|                |                |                | Table 5.2-1    |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CSI-RS for     | First OFDM     |                | Tests 1-8,     |
| tracking       | symbol in the  |                | 1-9:           |
|                | PRB used for   |                |                |
|                | CSI-RS         |                | l0 = 4 for     |
|                |                |                | CSI-RS         |
|                |                |                | resource 1 and |
|                |                |                | 3              |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | l0 = 8 for     |
|                |                |                | CSI-RS         |
|                |                |                | resource 2 and |
|                |                |                | 4              |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Other tests;   |
|                |                |                | Table 5.2-1.   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-RS         | Slots          | Test 1-7,      |
|                | periodicity    |                | 1-10, 1-11:\   |
|                |                |                | 20 for CSI-RS  |
|                |                |                | resource       |
|                |                |                | 1,2,3,4.       |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Other tests:   |
|                |                |                | Table 5.2-1.   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-RS offset  | Slots          | Test 1-7:\     |
|                |                |                | 1 for CSI-RS   |
|                |                |                | resource 1 and |
|                |                |                | 2\             |
|                |                |                | 2 for CSI-RS   |
|                |                |                | resource 3 and |
|                |                |                | 4.             |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Other tests:   |
|                |                |                | Table 5.2-1.   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Frequency      |                | Test 1-7,      |
|                | Occupation     |                | 1-10, 1-11:\   |
|                |                |                | Start PRB 0\   |
|                |                |                | Number of PRB  |
|                |                |                | = 52           |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Other tests:   |
|                |                |                | Table 5.2-1.   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Number of HARQ |                | 16 for Test    |                |
| Processes      |                | 1-4            |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                | 10 for Test    |                |
|                |                | 1-9            |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                | 8 for other    |                |
|                |                | tests          |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| The number of  |                | Specific to    |                |
| slots between  |                | each TDD UL-DL |                |
| PDSCH and      |                | pattern and as |                |
| corresponding  |                | defined in     |                |
| HARQ-ACK       |                | Annex A.1.2    |                |
| information    |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.2.2.1.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.2-1.1 TDD    40 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-1A           TDLB100-400             2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   -1.1
  1-2         R.PDSCH.2-1.2 TDD    40 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-1            TDLC300-100             2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   0.2
  1-3         R.PDSCH.2-4.1 TDD    40 / 30                                      256QAM, 0.82                      FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   25.3
  1-4         R.PDSCH.2-2.1 TDD    40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            TDLC300-100             2x2, ULA Low                                   30                                   1.6
  1-5         R.PDSCH.2-5.1 TDD    40 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-2            TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   -0.9
  1-6         R.PDSCH.2-6.1 TDD    40 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-3            TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   -0.8
  1-7         R.PDSCH.2-10.1 TDD   40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            HST-1000                1x2                                            70                                   6.4
  1-8         R.PDSCH.2-11.1 TDD   40 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-5            TDLB100-400             2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   -1.0
  1-9         R.PDSCH.2-12.1 TDD   40 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-6            TDLB100-400             2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   -1.1
  1-10        R.PDSCH.2-10.2 TDD   40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            TDLC300-1200            2x2                                            70                                   9.5
  1-11        R.PDSCH.2-10.3 TDD   40 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.43                       FR1.30-1            HST-1667                1x2                                            70                                   9.6
  1-12        R.PDSCH.2-25.1 TDD   40 / 30                                      1024QAM, 0.79                     FR1.30-1            TDLD30-5                2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   29.4

Table 5.2.2.2.1.0-4: Minimum performance for Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  2-1         R.PDSCH.2-3.1 TDD   40 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.50                       FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   19.8
  2-2         R.PDSCH.2-9.1 TDD   20 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.50                       FR1.30-4            TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   19.8
  2-3         R.PDSCH.2-3.1 TDD   40 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.50                       FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   19.8

Table 5.2.2.2.1.0-5: Minimum performance for Rank 2 and EnhancedReceiver
Type 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  3-1         R.PDSCH.2-2.2 TDD   40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Medium                                70                                   18.0

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\] clause
5.2.2.2.1.0.

###### 5.2.2.2.1\_1 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A performance - 2x2 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_1.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-29 .H6}

Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 2 receive
antenna conditions and with different channel models, MCSs and number of
MIMO layers

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_1.2 Test Applicability {#test-applicability-29 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC.

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_1.3 Test Description {#test-description-29 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_1.3.1 Initial Conditions {#initial-conditions-29 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 of TS 38.521-1.

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the NR cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.2.2.1.0-2 and as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for the NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions for the NR cell are set according to Annex
B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,
Test Mode On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.2.1\_1.4.3.

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_1.3.2 Test Procedure {#test-procedure-29 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.2.2.1\_1.4-1 and Table
5.2.2.2.1\_1.4-2. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.2.2.1\_1.4-1 and 5.2.2.2.1\_1.4-2 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Table 5.2.2.2.1\_1.4-1
and Table 5.2.2.2.1\_1.4-2 as appropriate.

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_1.3.3 Message Contents {#message-contents-29 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] subclauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-19 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.2.1\_1.3.3\_1-1: Void

Table 5.2.2.2.1\_1.3.3\_1-2: Void

Table 5.2.2.2.1\_1.3.3\_1-3: *PDSCH-Config*

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 5.4.2.0-26     |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH-Config   |                |                |                |
| ::= SEQUENCE { |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| dmrs-D         |                |                |                |
| ownlinkForPDSC |                |                |                |
| H-MappingTypeA |                |                |                |
| CHOICE {       |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| setup          | DMRS-          |                |                |
|                | DownlinkConfig |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| mcs-Table      | qam256         | 256qam table   |                |
|                |                | for test 1-3   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Not present    | 64qam table    |                |
|                |                | for all tests  |                |
|                |                | except test    |                |
|                |                | 1-3            |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| pr             |                |                |                |
| b-BundlingType |                |                |                |
| CHOICE {       |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| staticBundling |                |                |                |
| SEQUENCE {     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| bundleSize     | n4             | n4 for test    | test 1-1       |
|                |                | 1-1            |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                | n2 for other   |                |
|                |                | tests          |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Not present    | n2 is used by  | all test       |
|                |                | default        | points except  |
|                |                |                | test 1-1       |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.2.2.1\_1.3.3\_1-4: DMRS-DownlinkConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-24                                                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ---------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                                        Condition
  DMRS-DownlinkConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                   
  dmrs-AdditionalPosition                                pos2           For tests 1-1, 1-7, 1-8, 1-9, 1-10, and 1-11   
                                                         pos1           For other tests                                
  }                                                                                                                    

Table 5.2.2.2.1\_1.3.3\_1-5: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| Derivation Path:  |              |                   |           |
| TS 38.508-1       |              |                   |           |
| \[6\], Table      |              |                   |           |
| 5.4.2.0-25        |              |                   |           |
+===================+==============+===================+===========+
| Information       | Value/remark | Comment           | Condition |
| Element           |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| PDSCH-            |              |                   |           |
| ServingCellConfig |              |                   |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {    |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| nrofHARQ-         | n16, n10, n8 | n16 for Test 1-4, |           |
| ProcessesForPDSCH |              | n10 for Test 1-9  |           |
|                   |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | n8 for other      |           |
|                   |              | tests             |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| }                 |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.2.1\_1.3.3\_1-6: RACH-ConfigGeneric

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-130                                      
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment             Condition
  RACH-ConfigGeneric ::= SEQUENCE {                                                        
  prach-ConfigurationIndex                              163            Only for test 2-2   
  }                                                                                        

Table 5.2.2.2.1\_1.3.3\_1-7: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Tracking

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-9 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CS              |                 |                 |           |
| I-ResourcePerio |                 |                 |           |
| dicityAndOffset |                 |                 |           |
| ::= CHOICE {    |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Slots20         | 1 (for CSI-RS   | For test 1-7,   |           |
|                 | resources 1 and | 1-10, 1-11:     |           |
|                 | 2)              |                 |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS offset:  |           |
|                 | 2 (for CSI-RS   |                 |           |
|                 | resources 3 and | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 | 4)              | resources 1 and |           |
|                 |                 | 2               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resources 3 and |           |
|                 |                 | 4               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS          |           |
|                 |                 | periodicity: 20 |           |
|                 |                 | slots           |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Slots40         | 20 (for CSI-RS  | For other       |           |
|                 | resources 1 and | tests:          |           |
|                 | 2)              |                 |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS offset:  |           |
|                 | 21 (for CSI-RS  |                 |           |
|                 | resources 3 and | 20 for CSI-RS   |           |
|                 | 4)              | resources 1 and |           |
|                 |                 | 2               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | 21 for CSI-RS   |           |
|                 |                 | resources 3 and |           |
|                 |                 | 4               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS          |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | periodicity: 40 |           |
|                 |                 | slots           |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.2.1\_1.3.3\_1-8: CSI-FrequencyOccupation for CSI Tracking

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-11                                                      
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ----------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                             Condition
  CSI-FrequencyOccupation ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                    
  nrofRBs                                                52             52 for tests 1-7, 1-10, 1-11, 2-2   
                                                         108            108 for other tests                 
  }                                                                                                         

Table 5.2.2.2.1\_1.3.3\_1-9: SchedulingRequestResourceConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-157                                 
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- -------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment        Condition
  SchedulingRequestResourceConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                      
  periodicityAndOffset CHOICE {                                                       
  sl20                                                  7              For test 1-9   
  sl20                                                  5              For test 2-2   
  }                                                                                   
  }                                                                                   

Table 5.2.2.2.1\_1.3.3\_1-10: Physical layer parameters for DCI format
1\_1

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 5.4.2.0-1      |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Parameter      | Value          | Value in       | Condition      |
|                |                | binary         |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PUCCH resource | *PUCCH-Re      | '110'B         | Slot S1 for    |
| indicator      | sourceId\[1\]* |                | test 1-9       |
|                | = 6 in         |                |                |
|                | pucch-Reso     |                |                |
|                | urceSetID\[1\] |                |                |
|                | or             |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | *PUCCH-Re      |                |                |
|                | sourceId\[1\]* |                |                |
|                | = 14 in        |                |                |
|                | pucch-Reso     |                |                |
|                | urceSetID\[2\] |                |                |
|                | as defined in  |                |                |
|                | Table          |                |                |
|                | 4.6.3-112      |                |                |
|                | (Mapping as    |                |                |
|                | per Table      |                |                |
|                | 9.2.3-2 in TS  |                |                |
|                | 38.213)        |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.2.2.1\_1.3.3\_1-11: PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-27                                                                                       
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------------- --------------------
  Information Element                                                                       Value/remark   Comment                           Condition
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList::= SEQUENCE(SIZE(1..maxNrofDL-Allocations)) OF {   3 entry                                          Test 1-5, Test 1-6
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  K0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      100            Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=8    
  }                                                                                                                                          
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  K0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      53             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=12   
  }                                                                                                                                          
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[3\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  K0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      53             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=12   
  }                                                                                                                                          
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList::= SEQUENCE(SIZE(1..maxNrofDL-Allocations)) OF {   5 entry                                          Test 1-9
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  K0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      53             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=12   
  }                                                                                                                                          
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  K0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      100            Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=8    
  }                                                                                                                                          
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[3\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  K0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      81             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=10   
  }                                                                                                                                          
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[4\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  K0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      53             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=12   
  }                                                                                                                                          
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[5\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  K0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      53             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=12   
  }                                                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                                                          

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-19 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.2.1\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_1.4 Test Requirements {#test-requirements .H6}

Table 5.2.2.2.1\_1.3-2 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A.3.2.2 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.2.1\_1.4-1 and 1
and Table 5.2.2.2.1\_1.4-2 for the specified SNR including test
tolerances for all throughput tests

Table 5.2.2.2.1\_1.4-1: Test requirement for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.2-1.1 TDD    40 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-1A           TDLB100-400             2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   -0.2
  1-2         R.PDSCH.2-1.2 TDD    40 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-1            TDLC300-100             2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   1.1
  1-3         R.PDSCH.2-4.1 TDD    40 / 30                                      256QAM, 0.82                      FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   26.3
  1-4         R.PDSCH.2-2.1 TDD    40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            TDLC300-100             2x2, ULA Low                                   30                                   2.5
  1-5         R.PDSCH.2-5.1 TDD    40 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-2            TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   0.1
  1-6         R.PDSCH.2-6.1 TDD    40 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-3            TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   0.2
  1-7         R.PDSCH.2-10.1 TDD   40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            HST-1000                1x2                                            70                                   7.3
  1-8         R.PDSCH.2-11.1 TDD   40 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-5            TDLB100-400             2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   -0.1
  1-9         R.PDSCH.2-12.1 TDD   40 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-6            TDLB100-400             2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   -0.2
  1-10        R.PDSCH.2-10.2 TDD   40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            TDLC300-1200            2x2                                            70                                   10.4
  1-11        R.PDSCH.2-10.3 TDD   40 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.43                       FR1.30-1            HST-1667                1x2                                            70                                   10.2

Table 5.2.2.2.1\_1.4-2: Test requirement for Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  2-1         R.PDSCH.2-3.1 TDD   40 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.50                       FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   20.8
  2-2         R.PDSCH.2-9.1 TDD   20 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.50                       FR1.30-4            TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   20.8

###### 5.2.2.2.1\_2 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A performance - 2x2 MIMO with enhanced receiver type 1 for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_2.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-30 .H6}

Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 2 receive
antenna conditions and with different channel models, MCSs and number of
MIMO layers

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_2.2 Test Applicability {#test-applicability-30 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward
supporting NR enhanced receiver type 1.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC and NR enhanced receiver type 1.

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_2.3 Test Description {#test-description-30 .H6}

Same test description as in clause 5.2.2.2.1\_1.4 with the following
exception:

\- Table 5.2.2.2.1\_2.4-1 instead of 5.2.2.2.1\_1.4-1

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_2.4 Test Requirements {#test-requirements-1 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.2.1\_1.3-2 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A.3.2.2 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.2.1.4.4-1 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.2.1\_2.4-1: Test requirement for Rank 2 and EnhancedReceiver
Type 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  3-1         R.PDSCH.2-2.2 TDD   40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Medium                                70                                   19.0

###### 5.2.2.2.1\_3 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A performance - 2x2 MIMO with baseline receiver for DL1024QAM for both SA and NSA

Editor\'s Note: Following aspects needs further investigation

\- DL EVM of \<= 2.5% for f \> 4.2 GHz pending further analysis by the
TE vendors

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_3.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-31 .H6}

Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 2 receive
antenna conditions with DL1024QAM for a specified downlink Reference
Measurement Channel (RMC) to achieve a certain throughput for Rank 1
scenario.

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_3.2 Test Applicability {#test-applicability-31 .H6}

This test applies to all types of UE release 17 and forward supporting
NR/5GC and DL1024QAM.

This test also applies to all types of UE release 17 and forward
supporting EN-DC and DL1024QAM.

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_3.3 Test Description {#test-description-31 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_3.3.1 Initial Conditions {#initial-conditions-30 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 of TS 38.521-1.

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the NR cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.2.2.1.0-2 and as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for the NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions for the NR cell are set according to Annex
B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,
Test Mode On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.2.1\_3.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_3.3.2 Test Procedure {#test-procedure-30 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.2.2.1\_3.4-1. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.2.2.1\_3.4-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_3.3.3 Message Contents {#message-contents-30 .H6}

Message contents are according to 38.508-1 \[6\] subclauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_3.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for NR/5GC {#message-exceptions-for-nr5gc-3 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.2.1\_1.3.3\_1 with the following exceptions.

Table 5.2.2.2.1\_3.3.3\_1-1: PDSCH-Config

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 Table 5.4.2.0-26                            
  ----------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                             Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                              
  mcs-Table-r17                                   qam1024                  Test 1-12
  }                                                                        

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_3.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for EN-DC {#message-exceptions-for-en-dc-3 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.2.1\_3.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_3.4 Test Requirements {#test-requirements-2 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.2.1\_3.4-1 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A.3.2.2 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.2.1\_3.4-1 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests

Table 5.2.2.2.1\_3.4-1: Test requirement for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-12        R.PDSCH.2-25.1 TDD   40 / 30                                      1024QAM, 0.79                     FR1.30-1            TDLD30-5                2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   30.3

###### 5.2.2.2.1\_4 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A performance - 2x2 MIMO with enhanced DMRS for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_4.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-32 .H6}

Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 2 receive
antenna conditions with enhanced DMRS.

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_4.2 Test Applicability {#test-applicability-32 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 18 and forward
supporting NR/5GC and enhanced DMRS.

This test also applies to all types of UE release 18 and forward
supporting EN-DC and enhanced DMRS.

UE can skip Test 2-1 in 5.2.2.2.1\_1 if this test is passed.

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_4.3 Test Description {#test-description-32 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_4.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-31 .H6}

Same initial conditions as in clause 5.2.2.2.1\_1.3.1.

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_4.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-31 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.2.2.1\_4.4-1. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.2.2.1\_4.4-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_4.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-31 .H6}

Message contents are according to 38.508-1 \[6\] subclauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_4.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for NR/5GC {#message-exceptions-for-nr5gc-4 .H6}

Same as in clause 5.2.2.2.1\_1.3.3 with the following exception

Table **5.2.2.2.1\_4**.3.3\_1-1: DMRS-DownlinkConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-24                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  DMRS-DownlinkConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                              
  dmrs-TypeEnh-r18                                       enabled                  
  }                                                                               

Table **5.2.2.2.1\_4**.3.3\_1-2: Physical layer parameters for DCI
format 1\_1

  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-1                                                                                                                                                                                                            
  Parameter                                             Value                                                                                                                                                                                  Value in binary   Condition
  Antenna port(s)                                       DMRS port 8 and DMRS port 9 as per Table 7.3.1.2.2-7 in TS 38.212 (*dmrs-Type* = DMRS type 1, *dmrs-TypeEnh* is configured and *maxLength* = len1 as per Table 4.6.3-50 in 38.508-1)   "1110"            
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- -----------

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_4.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for EN-DC {#message-exceptions-for-en-dc-4 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.2.1\_4.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.2.2.1\_4.4 Test Requirements {#test-requirements-3 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.2.1\_4.4-1 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A.3.2.2 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.2.1\_4.4-1 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table **5.2.2.2.1\_4**.4-1: Test requirement for Rank 2 and enhanced
DMRS type 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  2-3         R.PDSCH.2-3.1 TDD   40 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.50                       FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   20.8

##### 5.2.2.2.2 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A and CSI-RS overlapped with PDSCH performance

###### 5.2.2.2.2\_1 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A and CSI-RS overlapped with PDSCH performance - 2x2 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.2.2\_1.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-33 .H6}

Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 2 receive
antenna conditions and CSI-RS overlapped with PDSCH

##### 5.2.2.2.2\_1.2 Test Applicability {#test-applicability-33 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC.

##### 5.2.2.2.2\_1.3 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-26 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.2\_1.3-3,
with the addition of test parameters in table 5.2.2.2.2\_1.3-2 and the
downlink physical channel setup according to Annex C.2.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.2\_1.3-1.

Table 5.2.2.2.2\_1.3-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                  Test index
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 2 receive antenna conditions and CSI-RS overlapped with PDSCH   1-1

Table 5.2.2.2.2\_1.3-2: Test parameters

  Parameter                                                                  Unit                                          Value                                                              
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------ ---------------------------------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                              TDD                                                                
  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                      1                                                                  
  PDSCH configuration                                                        Mapping type                                                                                                     Type A
                                                                             k0                                                                                                               0
                                                                             Starting symbol (S)                                                                                              2
                                                                             Length (L)                                                                                                       Specific to each Reference channel
                                                                             PDSCH aggregation factor                                                                                         1
                                                                             PRB bundling type                                                                                                Static
                                                                             PRB bundling size                                                                                                2
                                                                             Resource allocation type                                                                                         Type 0
                                                                             RBG size                                                                                                         Config2
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                                                                          Non-interleaved
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                                                                       N/A
  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                   DMRS Type                                                                                                        Type 1
                                                                             Number of additional DMRS                                                                                        1
                                                                             Length                                                                                                           1
  NZP CSI-RS for CSI acquisition                                             OFDM symbols in the PRB used for CSI-RS                                                                          l~0~ = 13
                                                                             CSI-RS periodicity                            Slots                                                              5
  ZP CSI-RS for CSI acquisition                                              Subcarrier index in the PRB used for CSI-RS                                                                      (k~0~, k~1~, k~2~, k~3~)=(2, 4, 6, 8)
                                                                             Number of CSI-RS ports (X)                                                                                       8
                                                                             CSI-RS periodicity                            Slots                                                              5
  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                 8                                                                  
  The number of slots between PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                 Specific to each TDD UL-DL pattern and as defined in Annex A.1.2   

Table 5.2.2.2.2\_1.3-3: Minimum performance for Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.2-7.1 TDD   40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            TDLC300-100             2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.8

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[2\] clause
5.2.2.1.2

##### 5.2.2.2.2\_1.4 Test Description {#test-description-33 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.2.2\_1.4.1 Initial Conditions {#initial-conditions-32 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 of 38.521-1.

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 5.1.2.1
and 5.1.2.2.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and section A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the NR cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.2.2.2\_1.3-2 and as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for the NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions for the NR cell are set according to Annex
B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,
Test Mode On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.2.2\_1.4.3.

##### 5.2.2.2.2\_1.4.2 Test Procedure {#test-procedure-32 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.2.2.2\_1.1-3. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.2.2.2\_1.5-1.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.2.2.2\_1.4.3 Message Contents {#message-contents-32 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] subclauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.2.2.2\_1.4.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-20 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.2.2\_1.4.3\_1-1: Void

Table 5.2.2.2.2\_1.4.3\_1-2: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table Table 5.4.2.0-26                                                                                                  
  ------------------------------------------------------------ ------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------
  Information Element                                          Value/remark              Comment                                                              Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                 
  dataScramblingIdentityPDSCH                                  0                                                                                              
  dmrs-DownlinkForPDSCH-MappingTypeA CHOICE {                                                                                                                 
  Setup                                                        DMRS-DownlinkConfig                                                                            
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  resourceAllocation                                           resourceAllocationType0                                                                        Used\_for\_Type0
  prb-BundlingType CHOICE {                                                                                                                                   
  staticBundling SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                   
  bundleSize                                                                             If a bundleSize(Set) value is absent, the UE applies the value n2.   
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           

Table 5.2.2.2.2\_1.4.3\_1-3: Void

Table 5.2.2.2.2\_1.4.3\_1-4: PDCCH-ControlResourceSet

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-6                                                                                                                  
  ----------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark                                         Comment                                                   Condition
  ControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                    
  frequencyDomainResources                              11111111 11111111 10000000 00000000 00000000 00000   CORESET to use the least significant 102 RBs of the BWP   
  tci-StatesPDCCH-ToAddList {                                                                                                                                          
                                                        0                                                    TCI State \#0                                             
                                                        1                                                    TCI State \#1                                             
  }                                                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                                    

Table 5.2.2.2.2\_1.4.3\_1-5: Void

Table 5.2.2.2.2\_1.4.3\_1-6: NZP CSI-RS-ResourceMapping for CSI
Acquisition

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-15                              
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ----------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment     Condition
  CSI-RS-ResourceMapping ::= SEQUENCE {                                             
  firstOFDMSymbolInTimeDomain                            13             l~0~ = 13   
  }                                                                                 

Table 5.2.2.2.2\_1.4.3\_1-7: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Acquisition for NZP CSI-RS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-16                                                     
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ---------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                            Condition
  CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset ::= CHOICE {                                                            
  Slots5                                                 0              Periodicity 5 slots and offset 0   
  }                                                                                                        

Table 5.2.2.2.2\_1.4.3\_1-8: ZP CSI-RS-ResourceMapping for CSI
Acquisition

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-21                                
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment       Condition
  CSI-RS-ResourceMapping ::= SEQUENCE {                                               
  nrofPorts                                              P8             Eight Ports   
  }                                                                                   

Table 5.2.2.2.2\_1.4.3\_1-9: DMRS-DownlinkConfig

+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| Derivation Path:  |              |                   |           |
| TS 38.508 \[6\],  |              |                   |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-24  |              |                   |           |
+===================+==============+===================+===========+
| Information       | Value/remark | Comment           | Condition |
| Element           |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| DM                |              |                   |           |
| RS-DownlinkConfig |              |                   |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {    |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| dmrs-A            | Not present  | pos2              | FR1\_TDD, |
| dditionalPosition |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | If the field is   |           |
|                   |              | absent, the UE    |           |
|                   |              | applies the value |           |
|                   |              | pos2              |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| }                 |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.2.2\_1.4.3\_1-10: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Acquisition for ZP CSI-RS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-22                                                     
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ---------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                            Condition
  CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset ::= CHOICE {                                                            
  Slots5                                                 0              Periodicity 5 slots and offset 0   
  }                                                                                                        

##### 5.2.2.2.2\_1.4.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-20 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.2.2\_1.4.3\_2

##### 5.2.2.2.2\_1.5 Test Requirements {#test-requirements-4 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.2.2\_1.3-2 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.2 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.2.2\_1.3-3 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests

Table 5.2.2.2.2\_1.5-1: Test requirement for Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                               Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.2-7.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            TDLC300-100             2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.7

##### 5.2.2.2.3 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type B performance

##### 5.2.2.2.3.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-27 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.3.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.2.2.3.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.3.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.2.3.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                      Test index
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify PDSCH mapping Type B performance under 2 receive antenna conditions   1-1

Table 5.2.2.2.3.0-2: Test parameters

  Parameter                                                                  Unit                                                      Value                                                              
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------ -----------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                          TDD                                                                
  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                  1                                                                  
                                                                             Mapping type                                                                                                                 Type B
                                                                             k0                                                                                                                           0
                                                                             Starting symbol (S)                                                                                                          5
                                                                             Length (L)                                                                                                                   7
  PDSCH configuration                                                        PDSCH aggregation factor                                                                                                     1
                                                                             PRB bundling type                                                                                                            Static
                                                                             PRB bundling size                                                                                                            2
                                                                             Resource allocation type                                                                                                     Type 0
                                                                             RBG size                                                                                                                     Config2
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                                                                                      Non-interleaved
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                                                                                   N/A
                                                                             DMRS Type                                                                                                                    Type 1
  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                   Number of additional DMRS                                                                                                    1
                                                                             Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS                                                                      1
  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                             8                                                                  
  The number of slots between PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             Specific to each TDD UL-DL pattern and as defined in Annex A.1.2   

Table 5.2.2.2.3.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern |       | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | cond  | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | ition | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 40 /  | QPSK, | FR1   | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | -0.9  |
|       | DSCH. | 30    | 0.30  | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 2-1.3 |       |       |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\] clause
5.2.2.2.3.

###### 5.2.2.2.3\_1 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type B performance - 2x2 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.2.3\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-34 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH mapping Type B normal performance under 2 receive
antenna conditions for a specified downlink Reference Measurement
Channel (RMC) to achieve a certain throughput with baseline receiver
configuration.

##### 5.2.2.2.3\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-34 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward
supporting PDSCH mapping type B.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC and PDSCH mapping type B.

##### 5.2.2.2.3\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-34 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.2.3\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-33 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.3 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Tables
5.2-1 and 5.2.2.2.3.0-2 and as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2, C.3.1 and uplink signals according to Annexes
G.0, G.1, G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,
Test Mode On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode On* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message content are defined in clause 5.2.3.2.3\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.2.3\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-33 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.2.2.3.0-2. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.2.2.3\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.2.2.3\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-33 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.2.2.3\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-21 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.2.3\_1.3.3\_1-1: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-102                            
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                         
  nrofHARQ-ProcessesForPDSCH                            Not present              
  }                                                                              

Table 5.2.2.2.3\_1.3.3\_1-2: PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-103                                                                                        
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                       Value/remark   Comment                           Condition
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList::= SEQUENCE(SIZE(1..maxNrofDL-Allocations)) OF {   2 entry                                          
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  K0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeB                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      89             Start symbol(S)=5, Length(L)=7    
  }                                                                                                                                          
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  K0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      53             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=12   
  }                                                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                                                          

##### 5.2.2.2.3\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-21 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.2.3\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.2.2.3\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-29 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.2.3.0-3 define the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A.3.2.2 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.2.3\_1.4-1 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.2.3\_1.4-1: Test Requirement for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern |       | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | cond  | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | ition | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 40 /  | QPSK, | FR1   | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 0.1   |
|       | DSCH. | 30    | 0.30  | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 2-1.3 |       |       |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.2.2.4 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A and LTE-NR coexistence performance

##### 5.2.2.2.4.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-28 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.4.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.2.2.4.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.2.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.4.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.2.4.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                   Test index
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 2 receive antenna conditions with CRS rate matching configured   1-1, 1-2

Table 5.2.2.2.4.0-2: Test parameters

  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Parameter                                                                  Unit                                                      Value                                                              
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------ -----------------------------------------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                          TDD                                                                

  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                  1                                                                  

  NR UL transmission with a 7.5 kHz shift to the LTE raster                                                                            true                                                               

  PDCCH configuration                                                        Symbols with PDCCH                                                                                                           Symbol\# 2

                                                                             Mapping type                                                                                                                 Type A

                                                                             k0                                                                                                                           0

                                                                             Starting symbol (S)                                                                                                          3

                                                                             Length (L)                                                                                                                   9 for Test 1-1\
                                                                                                                                                                                                          11 for Test 1-2

  PDSCH configuration                                                        PDSCH aggregation factor                                                                                                     1

                                                                             PRB bundling type                                                                                                            Static

                                                                             PRB bundling size                                                                                                            2

                                                                             Resource allocation type                                                                                                     Type 0

                                                                             RBG size                                                                                                                     Config2

                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                                                                                      Non-interleaved

                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                                                                                   N/A

                                                                             DMRS Type                                                                                                                    Type 1

  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                   Position of the first DM-RS for downlink                                                                                     3

                                                                             Number of additional DMRS                                                                                                    1

                                                                             Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS                                                                      1

                                                                             LTE carrier centre subcarrier location                                                                                       Same as NR carrier centre subcarrier location

  CRS for rate matching (Note 1)                                             LTE carrier BW                                            MHz                                                                10

                                                                             Number of antenna ports                                                                                                      4

                                                                             v-shift                                                                                                                      0

  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                             8                                                                  

  The number of slots between PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             Specific to each TDD UL-DL pattern and as defined in Annex A.1.2   

  Note 1: No MBSFN is configured on LTE carrier                                                                                                                                                           
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table 5.2.2.2.4.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-1.1 TDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.15-1            TDLA30-10               4x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   -0.8
  1-2         R.PDSCH.1-1.2 TDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.15-1            TDLA30-10               4x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   -0.8

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\] clause
5.2.2.2.4.

###### 5.2.2.2.4\_1 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH Mapping Type A and LTE-NR coexistence performance - 4x2 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.2.4\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-35 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH mapping Type A coexistence performance under 2
receive antenna conditions for a specified downlink Reference
Measurement Channel (RMC) to achieve a certain throughput with baseline
receiver configuration.

##### 5.2.2.2.4\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-35 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward supporting
capability IE *rateMatchingLTE-CRS but not* supporting capability IE
*additionalDMRS-DL-Alt*.

Test 1-1 also applies to all types of E-UTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC and capability IE *rateMatchingLTE-CRS but not*
supporting capability IE *additionalDMRS-DL-Alt*.

Test 1-2 applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward supporting
capability IE *additionalDMRS-DL-Alt and* *rateMatchingLTE-CRS*.

Test 1-2 also applies to all types of E-UTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC and capability IE *additionalDMRS-DL-Alt and*
*rateMatchingLTE-CRS*.

##### 5.2.2.2.4\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-35 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.2.4\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-34 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.6
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.3 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Tables
5.2-1 and 5.2.2.2.4.0-2 and as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On*,
*Test Mode On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode On* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message content are defined in clause 5.2.2.2.4\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.2.4\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-34 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.2.2.4.0-3. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.2.2.4\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

NOTE: In the test using the NR/5GC connectivity option, collisions
between NR SIB1 scheduling and LTE CRS can occur. However, these do not
impact the throughput.

##### 5.2.2.2.4\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-34 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.2.2.4\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-22 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.2.4\_1.3.3\_1-1: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-102                            
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                         
  nrofHARQ-ProcessesForPDSCH                            n8                       
  }                                                                              

Table 5.2.2.2.4\_1.3.3\_1-2: PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-103                                                                                        
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                       Value/remark   Comment                           Condition
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList::= SEQUENCE(SIZE(1..maxNrofDL-Allocations)) OF {   2 entry                                          
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  K0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      94             Start symbol(S)=3, Length(L)=9    Test 1-1
                                                                                            66             Start symbol(S)=3, Length(L)=11   Test 1-2
  }                                                                                                                                          
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  K0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      66             Start symbol(S)=3, Length(L)=11   Test 1-2
  }                                                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                                                          

Table 5.2.2.2.4\_1.3.3\_1-3: *SearchSpace*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-162 and5.4.2.0-7 using condition USS, FR1\_10MHz, Long\_DCI                              
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                                           Value/remark     Comment   Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                               
  controlResourceSetId                                                                                          2                          
  monitoringSymbolsWithinSlot                                                                                   00100000000000             
  }                                                                                                                                        

Table 5.2.2.2.4\_1.3.3\_1-4: ServingCellConfigCommon

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-2                                       
  ----------------------------------------------------- ------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark              Comment   Condition
  ServingCellConfigCommon ::= SEQUENCE {                                                    
  dmrs-TypeA-Position                                   pos3                                
  lte-CRS-ToMatchAround                                 RateMatchPatternLTE-CRS             
  }                                                                                         

Table 5.2.2.2.4\_1.3.3\_1-5: RateMatchPatternLTE-CRS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-28                                                             
  ------------------------------------------------------ ----------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark                                    Comment   Condition
  RateMatchPatternLTE-CRS ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                           
  carrierFreqDL                                          Same as NR carrier centre subcarrier location             
  carrierBandwidthDL                                     n50                                             10MHz     
  mbsfn-SubframeConfigList                               Not present                                               
  nrofCRS-Ports                                          n4                                                        
  v-Shift                                                n0                                                        
  }                                                                                                                

Table 5.2.2.2.4\_1.3.3\_1-6: FrequencyInfoUL-SIB

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-62                                                      
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- ----------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment                             Condition
  FrequencyInfoUL-SIB SEQUENCE {                                                                          
  frequencyShift7p5khz                                 true           For bands n34, n38, n39, n40, n48   
                                                       Not present    For other TDD bands                 
  }                                                                                                       

Table 5.2.2.2.4\_1.3.3\_1-7: PDCCH-ControlResourceSet

  Derivation Path: Table 5.4.2.0-6                                                                        
  ----------------------------------- -------------- ---------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                 Value/remark   Comment                                              Condition
  ControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                       
  controlResourceSetId                2                                                                   
  duration                            1              SearchSpace duration of 1 symbol from third symbol   
  }                                                                                                       

Table 5.2.2.2.4\_1.3.3\_1-8: *PDCCH-ConfigCommon*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-96                                                                  
  ---------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark                                         Comment   Condition
  PDCCH-ConfigCommon ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                   
  commonControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                             SA
  controlResourceSetId                                 1                                                              
  frequencyDomainResources                             01110000 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000             
  Duration                                             1                                                              
  cce-REG-MappingType CHOICE {                                                                                        
  nonInterleaved                                       Null                                                           
  }                                                                                                                   
  precoderGranularity                                  sameAsREG-bundle                                               
  }                                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                                   

Table 5.2.2.2.4\_1.3.3\_1-9: *SearchSpace for CSS*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-162 and 5.4.2.0-7 using condition CSS, FR1\_10MHz, Long\_DCI                                                           
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------- -------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                                            Value/remark                       Comment              Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                             
  searchSpaceId                                                                                                  SearchSpaceId with condition CSS                        CSS
  controlResourceSetId                                                                                           1                                                       
  monitoringSlotPeriodicityAndOffset CHOICE {                                                                                                                            
  sl1                                                                                                            NULL                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                                      
  duration                                                                                                       Not present                        1 slot per default   
  monitoringSymbolsWithinSlot                                                                                    00100000000000                                          
  nrofCandidates SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                              SA
  aggregationLevel2                                                                                              n1                                                      
  aggregationLevel8                                                                                              n0                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                                      

Table 5.2.2.2.4\_1.3.3\_1-10: *SearchSpace for USS*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-162 and 5.4.2.0-7 using condition USS, FR1\_10MHz, Long\_DCI                              
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                                            Value/remark     Comment   Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                SA
  searchSpaceId                                                                                                  2                          
  controlResourceSetId                                                                                           2                          
  monitoringSymbolsWithinSlot                                                                                    00100000000000             
  }                                                                                                                                         

Table 5.2.2.2.4\_1.3.3\_1-11: *PUCCH-Config*

+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| Derivation Path:  |              |                   |           |
| TS 38.508-1       |              |                   |           |
| \[6\], Table      |              |                   |           |
| 4.6.3-112 and     |              |                   |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-41  |              |                   |           |
| using condition   |              |                   |           |
| FR1.15-1          |              |                   |           |
+===================+==============+===================+===========+
| Information       | Value/remark | Comment           | Condition |
| Element           |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| PUCCH-Config ::=  |              |                   |           |
| SEQUENCE {        |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| dl-DataToUL-ACK   | 5 entries    |                   | FR1.15-1  |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE    |              |                   |           |
| (1..8)) OF        |              |                   |           |
| INTEGER {         |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| INTEGER\[1\]      | 2            | entry 1           |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| INTEGER\[2\]      | 3            | entry 2           |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| INTEGER\[3\]      | 4            | entry 3           |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| INTEGER\[4\]      | 6            | entry 4           |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| INTEGER\[5\]      | 7            | entry 5           |           |
|                   |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | This is a dummy   |           |
|                   |              | setting for       |           |
|                   |              | adjusting the bit |           |
|                   |              | length of         |           |
|                   |              | \"PDSCH-          |           |
|                   |              | to-HARQ\_feedback |           |
|                   |              | timing            |           |
|                   |              | indicator\" of    |           |
|                   |              | DCI Format Format |           |
|                   |              | 1\_1.             |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| }                 |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| }                 |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+

##### 5.2.2.2.4\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-22 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.2.4\_1.3.3\_1 with the following exceptions:

Table 5.2.2.2.4\_1.3.3\_2-1: *SearchSpace*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-162 and 5.4.2.0-7 using condition USS, FR1\_10MHz, Long\_DCI                              
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                                            Value/remark     Comment   Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                
  controlResourceSetId                                                                                           1                          
  monitoringSymbolsWithinSlot                                                                                    00100000000000             
  }                                                                                                                                         

Table 5.2.2.2.4\_1.3.3\_2-2: PDCCH-ControlResourceSet

  Derivation Path: Table 5.4.2.0-6                                                                        
  ----------------------------------- -------------- ---------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                 Value/remark   Comment                                              Condition
  ControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                       
  controlResourceSetId                1                                                                   
  duration                            1              SearchSpace duration of 1 symbol from third symbol   
  }                                                                                                       

##### 5.2.2.2.4\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-30 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.2.4.0-3 define the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A.3.2.2 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.2.4\_1.4-1 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.2.4\_1.4-1: Test Requirement for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-1.1 TDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.15-1            TDLA30-10               4x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   0.1
  1-2         R.PDSCH.1-1.2 TDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.15-1            TDLA30-10               4x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   0.1

##### 5.2.2.2.5 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH 0.001% BLER performance

##### 5.2.2.2.5.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-29 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.5.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.2.2.5.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.5.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.2.5.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                       Test index
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the PDSCH 0.001% BLER performance under 2 receive antenna conditions   1-1

Table 5.2.2.2.5.0-2: Test parameters

  Parameter                                                                  Unit                                                      Value                                             
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------- -----------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                          TDD                                               
  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                  1                                                 
  PDSCH configuration                                                        Mapping type                                                                                                Type A
                                                                             k0                                                                                                          0
                                                                             Starting symbol (S)                                                                                         2
                                                                             Length (L)                                                                                                  12
                                                                             PDSCH aggregation factor                                                                                    1
                                                                             PRB bundling type                                                                                           Static
                                                                             PRB bundling size                                                                                           2
                                                                             Resource allocation type                                                                                    Type 0
                                                                             RBG size                                                                                                    Config2
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                                                                     Non-interleaved
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                                                                  N/A
  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                   DMRS Type                                                                                                   Type 1
                                                                             Number of additional DMRS                                                                                   1
                                                                             Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS                                                     1
  Maximum number of HARQ transmission                                                                                                  1                                                 
  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                             8                                                 
  The number of slots between PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             Defined in Annex A.1.2 for TDD pattern FR1.30-1   

Table 5.2.2.2.5.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value   
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Target BLER       SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.2-1.4 TDD   40 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.59                        FR1.30-1            AWGN                    1x2, ULA Low                                   0.001%            3.3

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.2.5.

###### 5.2.2.2.5\_1 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH 0.001% BLER performance - 1x2 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.2.5\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-36 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH 0.001% BLER performance under 2 receive antenna
conditions.

##### 5.2.2.2.5\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-36 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE *dl-64QAM-MCS-TableAlt* and capability IE *cqi-TableAlt*.

##### 5.2.2.2.5\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-36 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.2.5\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-35 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.2
for TE diagram and section A.3.2.3 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2.2.2.5.0-2 and Table 5.2.2.2.5.0-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.2.5\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.2.5\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-35 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.2.2.5.0-3. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.2.2.5\_1.3.4-1.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.4. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.4.3-1 in Annex G.

##### 5.2.2.2.5\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-35 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.2.5\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-23 .H6}

As defined in clause 5.4.2 of TS 38.508-1 \[6\] with the following
exceptions:

Table 5.2.2.2.5\_1.3.3\_1-1: PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2-19                                                                                         
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                       Value/remark   Comment                           Condition
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList::= SEQUENCE(SIZE(1..maxNrofDL-Allocations)) OF {   2 entry                                          FR1
  mcs-Table                                                                                 qam64LowSE                                       
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  k0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      53             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=12   
  }                                                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                                                          

##### 5.2.2.2.5\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-23 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.2.5\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.2.2.5\_1.3.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-31 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.2.5.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.2.5\_1.3.4-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.2.5\_1.3.4-1: Test requirement for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value   
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Target BLER       SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.2-1.4 TDD   40 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.59                        FR1.30-1            AWGN                    1x2, ULA Low                                   0.001%            4.4

##### 5.2.2.2.6 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH repetitions over multiple slots performance

##### 5.2.2.2.6.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-30 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.6.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.2.2.6.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.6.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.2.6.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                           Test index
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the PDSCH repetitions over multiple slots performance under 2 receive antenna conditions   1-1

Table 5.2.2.2.6.0-2: Test parameters

  Parameter                                                                                      Unit                                                      Value                                                                       
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                                              TDD                                                                         
  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                                      1                                                                           
  PDSCH configuration                                                                            Mapping type                                                                                                                          Type A
                                                                                                 k0                                                                                                                                    0
                                                                                                 Starting symbol (S)                                                                                                                   2
                                                                                                 Length (L)                                                                                                                            12
                                                                                                 PDSCH aggregation factor                                                                                                              2
                                                                                                 PRB bundling type                                                                                                                     Static
                                                                                                 PRB bundling size                                                                                                                     2
                                                                                                 Resource allocation type                                                                                                              Type 0
                                                                                                 RBG size                                                                                                                              Config2
                                                                                                 VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                                                                                               Non-interleaved
                                                                                                 VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                                                                                            N/A
  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                                       DMRS Type                                                                                                                             Type 1
                                                                                                 Number of additional DMRS                                                                                                             1
                                                                                                 Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS                                                                               1
  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                                                 4                                                                           
  The number of slots between final repetition of PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             Specific to each TDD UL-DL pattern and as defined in Annex A.1.2 (Note 1)   
  Note 1: ACK/NACK feedback is generated for PDSCH on slot i, where mod(i,10) = {2, 4, 6}.                                                                                                                                             

Table 5.2.2.2.6.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

  Test num.                                                                                                                                                                                           Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value   
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Target BLER       SNR (dB)
  1-1                                                                                                                                                                                                 R.PDSCH.2-16.1 TDD   40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.54                       FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   1% (Note 1)       1.4
  Note 1: BLER is defined as residual BLER; i.e. ratio of incorrectly received transport blocks / sent transport blocks, independently of the number HARQ transmission(s) for each transport block.                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.2.6.

###### 5.2.2.2.6\_1 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH repetitions over multiple slots performance - 2x2 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.2.6\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-37 .H6}

To Verify the PDSCH repetitions over multiple slots performance under 2
receive antenna conditions.

##### 5.2.2.2.6\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-37 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE dl-64QAM-MCS-TableAlt and *pdsch-RepetitionMultiSlots*.

Test 1-1 also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 16 and forward
supporting EN-DC and capability IE dl-64QAM-MCS-TableAlt and
pdsch-RepetitionMultiSlots.

##### 5.2.2.2.6\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-37 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.2.6\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-36 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and section A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2.2.1.6.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.2.6\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.2.6\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-36 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.2.2.6.0-3. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC. The UE may expect that the TB is repeated
with same symbol allocation among each of the *pdsch-AggregationFactor*
consecutive slots.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.2.2.6\_1.3.4-1.

3\. Measure the BLER for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the number of
correctly and incorrectly received transport bloks based on ACK/NACK
feedback on the UL during each subtest and decide pass or fail according
to clause G.1.5 and Table G.1.5-1a in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.2.2.6\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-36 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.2.6\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-24 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.6\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.2.2.6\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-25 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.6\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.2.2.6\_1.3.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-32 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.2.6.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The target BLER percentage for the downlink reference measurement
channels specified in Annex A.3.2.2 for each BLER test shall meet or
exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.2.6\_1.3.4-1 for the specified
SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.2.6\_1.3.4-1: Test requirement for Rank 1

  Test num.                                                                                                                                                                                           Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value   
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Target BLER       SNR (dB)
  1-1                                                                                                                                                                                                 R.PDSCH.2-16.1 TDD   40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.54                       FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   1% (Note 1)       2.3
  Note 1: BLER is defined as residual BLER; i.e. ratio of incorrectly received transport blocks / sent transport blocks, independently of the number HARQ transmission(s) for each transport block.                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

##### 5.2.2.2.7 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH Mapping Type B and UE processing capability 2 performance

##### 5.2.2.2.7.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-31 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.7.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.2.2.7.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.7.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.2.7.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                       Test index
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify PDSCH mapping Type B performance and UE processing capability 2 under two receive antenna conditions   1-1

Table 5.2.2.2.7.0-2: Test parameters

  Parameter                                                                  Unit                                                      Value   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------- -----------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                          TDD     
  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                  1       
  PDSCH configuration                                                        Mapping type                                                      Type B
                                                                             k0                                                                0
                                                                             Starting symbol (S)                                               2
                                                                             Length (L)                                                        2
                                                                             PDSCH aggregation factor                                          1
                                                                             PRB bundling type                                                 Static
                                                                             PRB bundling size                                                 2
                                                                             Resource allocation type                                          Type 0
                                                                             RBG size                                                          Config2
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                           Non-interleaved
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                        N/A
  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                   DMRS Type                                                         Type 1
                                                                             Number of additional DMRS                                         0
                                                                             Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS           1
  Maximum number of HARQ transmission                                                                                                  1       
  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                             2       
  The number of slots between PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             0       

Table 5.2.2.2.7.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern |       | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | cond  | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | ition | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.PD  | 40 /  | QPSK, | FR1   | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 0.6   |
|       | SCH.2 | 30    | 0.30  | .30-2 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | -17.1 |       |       |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.2.7.

###### 5.2.2.2.7\_1 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH Mapping Type B and UE processing capability 2 performance - 2x2 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.2.7\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-38 .H6}

To verify PDSCH mapping Type B performance and UE processing capability
2 under two receive antenna conditions.

##### 5.2.2.2.7\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-38 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE *pdsch-ProcessingType2*.

##### 5.2.2.2.7\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-38 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.2.7\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-37 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and section A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2.2.2.7.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.2.7\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.2.7\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-37 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.2.2.7.0-3. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.2.2.7\_1.4-1.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.2.2.7\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-37 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.2.7\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-26 .H6}

As defined in clause 5.4.2 of TS 38.508-1 \[6\] with the following
exceptions:

Table 5.2.2.2.7\_1.3.3\_1-1: PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2-19                                                                                        
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- -------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                       Value/remark   Comment                          Condition
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList::= SEQUENCE(SIZE(1..maxNrofDL-Allocations)) OF {   2 entries                                       FR1
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                        
  k0                                                                                        Not present                                     
  mappingType                                                                               typeB                                           
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      16             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=2   
  }                                                                                                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                         

Table 5.2.2.2.7\_1.3.3\_1-2: *PUCCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-112                            
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PUCCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                    FR1
  dl-DataToUL-ACK SEQUENCE (SIZE (1)) OF INTEGER {      1 entry                  
  INTEGER\[1\]                                          0              entry 1   
  }                                                                              
  }                                                                              

Table 5.2.2.2.7\_1.3.3\_1-3: Physical layer parameters for DCI format
1\_1

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.3.6.1.2.2-1                                                                                  
  --------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------- -----------
  Parameter                                                 Value                                                        Value in binary   Condition
  PDSCH-to-HARQ\_feedback timing indicator                  K1=0 as per dl-DataToUL-ACK in Table 5.2.2.2.7\_1.3.3\_1-3   "000"             

Table 5.2.2.2.7\_1.3.3\_1-4: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-25                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                          
  processingType2Enabled                                 true                     
  }                                                                               

##### 5.2.2.2.7\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-24 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.2.7\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.2.2.7\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-33 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.2.7.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.2.7\_1.4-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.2.7\_1.4-1: Test requirement for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern |       | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | cond  | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | ition | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.PD  | 40 /  | QPSK, | FR1   | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 1.6   |
|       | SCH.2 | 30    | 0.30  | .30-2 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | -17.1 |       |       |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.2.2.8 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH pre-emption performance

##### 5.2.2.2.8.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-32 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.8.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.2.2.8.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.8.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.2.8.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                       Test index
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the PDSCH pre-emption performance under 2 receive antenna conditions   1-1

Table 5.2.2.2.8.0-2: Test parameters

+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
| Parameter        | Unit             | Value    |                  |
+==================+==================+==========+==================+
| Duplex mode      |                  | TDD      |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
| Active DL BWP    |                  | 1        |                  |
| index            |                  |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
| PDCCH            | Symbols with     |          | 0, 1             |
| configuration    | PDCCH            |          |                  |
| (Note 4)         |                  |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | DCI format       |          | 2\_1             |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | timeFrequencySet |          | 14x1             |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
| PDSCH            | Mapping type     |          | Type A           |
| configuration    |                  |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | k0               |          | 0                |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | Starting symbol  |          | 2                |
|                  | (S)              |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | Length (L)       |          | 12               |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | PDSCH            |          | 1                |
|                  | aggregation      |          |                  |
|                  | factor           |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | PRB bundling     |          | Static           |
|                  | type             |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | PRB bundling     |          | 2                |
|                  | size             |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | Resource         |          | Type 0           |
|                  | allocation type  |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | RBG size         |          | Config2          |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | VRB-to-PRB       |          | Non-interleaved  |
|                  | mapping type     |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | VRB-to-PRB       |          | N/A              |
|                  | mapping          |          |                  |
|                  | interleaver      |          |                  |
|                  | bundle size      |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
| PDSCH DMRS       | DMRS Type        |          | Type 1           |
| configuration    |                  |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | Number of        |          | 1                |
|                  | additional DMRS  |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | Maximum number   |          | 1                |
|                  | of OFDM symbols  |          |                  |
|                  | for DL front     |          |                  |
|                  | loaded DMRS      |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
| Pre-emption      | Starting symbol  |          | 3                |
| configuration    | (S)              |          |                  |
| (Note 2)         |                  |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | Length (L)       |          | 2                |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | Pre-emption      | Slots    | 40/(1,12,23,34)  |
|                  | periodicity and  |          | (Note 3)         |
|                  | offset           |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
| Number of HARQ   |                  | 8        |                  |
| Processes        |                  |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
| The number of    |                  | FR1.30-1 |                  |
| slots between    |                  |          |                  |
| PDSCH and        |                  |          |                  |
| corresponding    |                  |          |                  |
| HARQ-ACK         |                  |          |                  |
| information      |                  |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
| Note 1: Void     |                  |          |                  |
|                  |                  |          |                  |
| Note 2:          |                  |          |                  |
| Interference     |                  |          |                  |
| modelled as      |                  |          |                  |
| random data on   |                  |          |                  |
| pre-empted REs.  |                  |          |                  |
|                  |                  |          |                  |
| Note 3:          |                  |          |                  |
| Pre-emption is   |                  |          |                  |
| scheduled with   |                  |          |                  |
| 10% probability  |                  |          |                  |
| within 20ms      |                  |          |                  |
| periodicity.     |                  |          |                  |
|                  |                  |          |                  |
| Note 4: In       |                  |          |                  |
| addition to      |                  |          |                  |
| PDCCH            |                  |          |                  |
| configuration in |                  |          |                  |
| Table 5.2-1.     |                  |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+

Table 5.2.2.2.8.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 40 /  | 16QAM | FR1   | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 12.5  |
|       | DSCH. | 30    |       | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 2-2.5 |       | 0.48  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.2.8.

###### 5.2.2.2.8\_1 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH pre-emption performance - 2x2 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.2.8\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-39 .H6}

To Verify the PDSCH pre-emption performance under 2 receive antenna
conditions.

##### 5.2.2.2.8\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-39 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE *pre-EmptIndication-DL-r16*.

##### 5.2.2.2.8\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-39 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.2.8\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-38 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and section A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2.2.2.8.0-2 and Table 5.2.2.2.8.0-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.2.8\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.2.8\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-38 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.2.2.8.0-3. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. SS transmits PDCCH DCI format 2\_1 for int\_RNTI with 10%
probability to transmit the DL Preemption indication according to Table
5.2.2.2.8.0-2. In the time and frequency set indicated by PDCCH DCI
format 2\_1, SS stops transmission of PDSCH.

3\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.2.2.8\_1.3.4-1.

4\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.2.2.8\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-38 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.2.8\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-27 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.8\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.2.2.8\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-25 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.8\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.2.2.8\_1.3.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-34 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.2.8.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.2.8\_1.3.4-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.2.8\_1.3.4-1: Minimum performance for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 40 /  | 16QAM | FR1   | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 13.5  |
|       | DSCH. | 30    |       | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 2-2.5 |       | 0.48  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.2.2.9 2Rx TDD FR1 HST-SFN performance

##### 5.2.2.2.9.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-33 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.9.0-3, with
the test parameters defined in Table 5.2.2.2.9.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.9.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.2.9.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                                   Test index
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify PDSCH performance under 2 receive antenna conditions in the HST-SFN scenario defined in B.3.2 when *highSpeedDemodFlag-r16* \[17\] is configured   1-1

Table 5.2.2.2.9.0-2: Test Parameters for Testing

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Parameter      | Unit           | Value          |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Duplex mode    |                | TDD            |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Active DL BWP  |                | 1              |                |
| index          |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH          | Mapping type   |                | Type A         |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | k0             |                | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Starting       |                | 2              |
|                | symbol (S)     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Length (L)     |                | 12             |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PDSCH          |                | 1              |
|                | aggregation    |                |                |
|                | factor         |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | Static         |
|                | type           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | 2              |
|                | size           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Resource       |                | Type 0         |
|                | allocation     |                |                |
|                | type           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | RBG size       |                | Config2        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N              |
|                | mapping type   |                | on-interleaved |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N/A            |
|                | mapping        |                |                |
|                | interleaver    |                |                |
|                | bundle size    |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH DMRS     | DMRS Type      |                | Type 1         |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Number of      |                | 2              |
|                | additional     |                |                |
|                | DMRS           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Maximum number |                | 1              |
|                | of OFDM        |                |                |
|                | symbols for DL |                |                |
|                | front loaded   |                |                |
|                | DMRS           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CSI-RS for     | CSI-RS         | Slots          | 20 for CSI-RS  |
| tracking       | periodicity    |                | resource       |
|                |                |                | 1,2,3,4        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-RS offset  | Slots          | 1 for CSI-RS   |
|                |                |                | resource 1 and |
|                |                |                | 2              |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | 2 for CSI-RS   |
|                |                |                | resource 3 and |
|                |                |                | 4              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Frequency      |                | Start PRB 0    |
|                | Occupation     |                |                |
|                |                |                | Number of PRB  |
|                |                |                | = 52           |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Number of HARQ |                | 8              |                |
| Processes      |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| The number of  |                | Specific to    |                |
| slots between  |                | each TDD UL-DL |                |
| PDSCH and      |                | pattern and as |                |
| corresponding  |                | defined in     |                |
| HARQ-ACK       |                | Annex A.1.2    |                |
| information    |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.2.2.9.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.2-10.4 TDD   40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   14.2

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.2.9.

###### 5.2.2.2.9\_1 2Rx TDD FR1 HST-SFN performance - 2x2 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

Editor\'s note: The minimum test time value is in \[\]

##### 5.2.2.2.9\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-40 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance under 4 receive antenna conditions in
the HST-SFN scenario defined in B.3.2 when *highSpeedDemodFlag-r16* IE
\[20\] is configured and with different channel models, MCSs and number
of MIMO layers for a specified downlink Reference Measurement Channel
(RMC) to achieve a certain throughput and as well verify the HARQ soft
combining with default baseline receiver configuration, for Rank 2
scenarios.

##### 5.2.2.2.9\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-40 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward
supporting enhanced demodulation processing for HST-SFN joint
transmission scheme.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC that supporting enhanced demodulation processing for
HST-SFN joint transmission scheme.

##### 5.2.2.2.9\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-40 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.2.9\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-39 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.2.2.9.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.2.9\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.2.9\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-39 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.2.2.9\_1.4-1. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.2.2.9\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Tables 5.2.2.2.9\_1.4-1
as appropriate.

##### 5.2.2.2.9\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-39 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.2.2.9\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-28 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.2.9\_1.3.3\_1-1: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                                    
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ----------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment           Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                             
  prb-BundlingType CHOICE {                                                               
  staticBundling SEQUENCE {                                                               
  bundleSize                                             Not present    n2 for test 1-1   
  }                                                                                       
  }                                                                                       
  }                                                                                       

Table 5.2.2.2.9\_1.3.3\_1-2: DMRS-DownlinkConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-24                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- -------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment        Condition
  DMRS-DownlinkConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                   
  dmrs-AdditionalPosition                                pos2           for test 1-1   
  }                                                                                    

Table 5.2.2.2.9\_1.3.3\_1-3: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-25                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- -------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment        Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                               
  nrofHARQ-ProcessesForPDSCH                             n8             for test 1-1   
  }                                                                                    

Table 5.2.2.2.9\_1.3.3\_1-4: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Tracking

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-9 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CS              |                 |                 |           |
| I-ResourcePerio |                 |                 |           |
| dicityAndOffset |                 |                 |           |
| ::= CHOICE {    |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Slots20         | 1 for CSI-RS    | For test 1-1:   |           |
|                 | resource \#1    |                 |           |
|                 | and \#2         | offset = 1 for  |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | 2 for CSI-RS    | 1 and 2         |           |
|                 | resource \#3    |                 |           |
|                 | and \#4         | offset =2 for   |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 |                 | 3 and 4.        |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

##### 5.2.2.2.9\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-26 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.2.9\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.2.2.9\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-35 .H6}

Tables 5.2.2.2.9\_1.4-1 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.2.9\_1.4-1 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.2.9\_1.4-1: Test Requirements for Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.2-10.4 TDD   40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   14.8

##### 5.2.2.2.10 2Rx TDD FR1 HST DPS performance

##### 5.2.2.2.10.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-34 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.10.0-3, with
the test parameters defined in Table 5.2.2.2.10.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.10.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.2.10.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                          Test index
  ---------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify UE performance in the HST-DPS scenario defined in B.3.3   1-1, 1-2

Table 5.2.2.2.10.0-2: Test Parameters for Testing

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Parameter   | Unit        | Value       |             |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| Duplex mode |             | TDD         |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Active DL   |             | 1           |             |             |
| BWP index   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDCCH       | TCI state   |             | Note 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Mapping     |             | Type A      |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | k0          |             | 0           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Starting    |             | 2           |             |
|             | symbol (S)  |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH       | Length (L)  |             | Specific to |             |
| co          |             |             | each        |             |
| nfiguration |             |             | Reference   |             |
|             |             |             | channel     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PDSCH       |             | 1           |             |
|             | aggregation |             |             |             |
|             | factor      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | Static      |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | 2           |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | size        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    |             | Type 0      |             |
|             | allocation  |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | RBG size    |             | Config2     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | Non-        |             |
|             | mapping     |             | interleaved |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | N/A         |             |
|             | mapping     |             |             |             |
|             | interleaver |             |             |             |
|             | bundle size |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | TCI state   |             | Note 1      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | DMRS Type   |             | Type 1      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH DMRS  | Number of   |             | 2           |             |
| co          | additional  |             |             |             |
| nfiguration | DMRS        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Maximum     |             | 1           |             |
|             | number of   |             |             |             |
|             | OFDM        |             |             |             |
|             | symbols for |             |             |             |
|             | DL front    |             |             |             |
|             | loaded DMRS |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CSI-RS for  | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 5    |
| tracking    | set \#1     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 1  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 3       |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 9    |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 2  |
|             |             |             |             | and 4       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 1,2,3,4     |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | and 2       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 3  |
|             |             |             |             | and 4       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#2         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | Frequency   |             | Start PRB 0 |
|             |             | Occupation  |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             |             | Number of   |
|             |             |             |             | PRB = 52    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 6    |
|             | set \#2     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 5  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 7       |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 10   |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 6  |
|             |             |             |             | and 8       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 5,6,7,8.    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 5  |
|             |             |             |             | and 6       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 7  |
|             |             |             |             | and 8       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#3         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | Frequency   |             | Start PRB 0 |
|             |             | Occupation  |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             |             | Number of   |
|             |             |             |             | PRB = 52    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NZP CSI-RS  | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 12   |
| for CSI     | set \#3     | symbol in   |             |             |
| acquisition |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 40          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#0         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l0 = 13     |
|             | set \#4     | symbol in   |             |             |
|             |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 40          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#1         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#0         | information | resource    |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#1\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#1         | information | resource    |             | resource 5  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#2\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#0     |
| \#2         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#1     |
| \#3         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Number of   |             | 8           |             |             |
| HARQ        |             |             |             |             |
| Processes   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| The number  |             | Specific to |             |             |
| of slots    |             | each TDD    |             |             |
| between     |             | UL-DL       |             |             |
| PDSCH and   |             | pattern and |             |             |
| co          |             | as defined  |             |             |
| rresponding |             | in Annex    |             |             |
| HARQ-ACK    |             | A.1.2       |             |             |
| information |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Note 1: SSB |             |             |             |             |
| \# (k mod   |             |             |             |             |
| 2) , CSI-RS |             |             |             |             |
| (for        |             |             |             |             |
| tracking)   |             |             |             |             |
| resource    |             |             |             |             |
| set \# ((k  |             |             |             |             |
| mod 2) + 1) |             |             |             |             |
| and CSI-RS  |             |             |             |             |
| (for CSI    |             |             |             |             |
| a           |             |             |             |             |
| cquisition) |             |             |             |             |
| resource    |             |             |             |             |
| set \# ((k  |             |             |             |             |
| mod 2) + 3) |             |             |             |             |
| are         |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| by k^th^    |             |             |             |             |
| RRH.        |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| For Test    |             |             |             |             |
| 1-1, TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| state       |             |             |             |             |
| switching   |             |             |             |             |
| command     |             |             |             |             |
| scheduled   |             |             |             |             |
| by MAC CE   |             |             |             |             |
| with PDSCH  |             |             |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
| - MCS 4,    |             |             |             |             |
| Layer 1,    |             |             |             |             |
| StartRB 32, |             |             |             |             |
| NumOfRB 74  |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| in slot \#i |             |             |             |             |
| that        |             |             |             |             |
| s           |             |             |             |             |
| atisfy$\tex |             |             |             |             |
| t{\ mod}\le |             |             |             |             |
| ft( i,2n \r |             |             |             |             |
| ight) = n$. |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH       |             |             |             |             |
| associated  |             |             |             |             |
| with TCI \# |             |             |             |             |
| (k mod 2)   |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| by k^th^    |             |             |             |             |
| RRH from.   |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| slot\#      |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| $$max       |             |             |             |             |
| \lbrack\lef |             |             |             |             |
| t( 2k - 1 \ |             |             |             |             |
| right)n + 1 |             |             |             |             |
|  + T_{\text |             |             |             |             |
| {HARQ}} + T |             |             |             |             |
| _{\text{MAC |             |             |             |             |
| \ proc}} +  |             |             |             |             |
| T_{\text{fi |             |             |             |             |
| rstTRS}} +  |             |             |             |             |
| T_{\text{TR |             |             |             |             |
| S\ proc}},\ |             |             |             |             |
|  0\rbrack$$ |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| to          |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| slot\#      |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| $\lef       |             |             |             |             |
| t( 2k + 1 \ |             |             |             |             |
| right)n\ $, |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH are   |             |             |             |             |
| DTXed in    |             |             |             |             |
| other slots |             |             |             |             |
| in which    |             |             |             |             |
| throughput  |             |             |             |             |
| statistics  |             |             |             |             |
| are not     |             |             |             |             |
| considered. |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| For Test    |             |             |             |             |
| 1-2, TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| state       |             |             |             |             |
| switching   |             |             |             |             |
| command     |             |             |             |             |
| scheduled   |             |             |             |             |
| by MAC CE   |             |             |             |             |
| with PDSCH  |             |             |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
| - MCS 4,    |             |             |             |             |
| Layer 1,    |             |             |             |             |
| StartRB 32, |             |             |             |             |
| NumOfRB 74  |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| in slot \#i |             |             |             |             |
| that        |             |             |             |             |
| s           |             |             |             |             |
| atisfy$\tex |             |             |             |             |
| t{\ mod}\le |             |             |             |             |
| ft( i,2n \r |             |             |             |             |
| ight) = n$. |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH       |             |             |             |             |
| associated  |             |             |             |             |
| with TCI \# |             |             |             |             |
| (k mod 2)   |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| by k^th^    |             |             |             |             |
| RRH from.   |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| slot\#      |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| $$ma        |             |             |             |             |
| x\lbrack\le |             |             |             |             |
| ft( 2k - 1  |             |             |             |             |
| \right)n +  |             |             |             |             |
| 1 + T_{\tex |             |             |             |             |
| t{HARQ}} +  |             |             |             |             |
| T_{\text{MA |             |             |             |             |
| C\ proc}},\ |             |             |             |             |
|  0\rbrack$$ |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| to          |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| slot\#      |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| $$\le       |             |             |             |             |
| ft( 2k + 1  |             |             |             |             |
| \right)n,$$ |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH are   |             |             |             |             |
| DTXed in    |             |             |             |             |
| other slots |             |             |             |             |
| in which    |             |             |             |             |
| throughput  |             |             |             |             |
| statistics  |             |             |             |             |
| are not     |             |             |             |             |
| considered. |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| Where k=0,  |             |             |             |             |
| 1, 2... is  |             |             |             |             |
| the RRH     |             |             |             |             |
| number, n = |             |             |             |             |
| 5040 is     |             |             |             |             |
| half of the |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| slots       |             |             |             |             |
| between two |             |             |             |             |
| RRH,        |             |             |             |             |
| $T_{\t      |             |             |             |             |
| ext{HARQ}}$ |             |             |             |             |
| = 8 is the  |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| slots       |             |             |             |             |
| between     |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| rresponding |             |             |             |             |
| HARQ-ACK    |             |             |             |             |
| i           |             |             |             |             |
| nformation, |             |             |             |             |
| $T_{\text{M |             |             |             |             |
| AC\ proc}}$ |             |             |             |             |
| = 6 is the  |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| slots for   |             |             |             |             |
| MAC CE      |             |             |             |             |
| processing, |             |             |             |             |
| $T_{\text{  |             |             |             |             |
| firstTRS}}$ |             |             |             |             |
| = 7 is the  |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| slots to    |             |             |             |             |
| first TRS   |             |             |             |             |
| t           |             |             |             |             |
| ransmission |             |             |             |             |
| occasion    |             |             |             |             |
| after MAC   |             |             |             |             |
| CE command  |             |             |             |             |
| is decoded  |             |             |             |             |
| by the UE,  |             |             |             |             |
| $T_{\text{T |             |             |             |             |
| RS\ proc}}$ |             |             |             |             |
| = 4 is the  |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| slots for   |             |             |             |             |
| TRS         |             |             |             |             |
| processing. |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Table 5.2.2.2.10.0-3: Minimum performance for HST-DPS

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Number of active PDSCH TCI states   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ----------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.2-10.5 TDD   40 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.0
  1-2         R.PDSCH.2-10.5 TDD   40 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.0

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.2.10.

###### 5.2.2.2.10\_1 2Rx TDD FR1 HST-DPS performance - 2x2 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.2.10\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-41 .H6}

To verify UE performance in the HST-DPS scenario defined in B.3.3 and
with different channel models, MCSs and number of MIMO layers for a
specified downlink Reference Measurement Channel (RMC) to achieve a
certain throughput and as well verify the HARQ soft combining with
default baseline receiver configuration, for Rank 2 scenarios.

##### 5.2.2.2.10\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-41 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward.

Test 1-1 also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC.

Test 1-2 applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward supporting
*maxNumberActiveTCI-PerBWP other than n1 and
maxSimultaneousResourceSetsPerCC* atleast 2.

Test 1-2 also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC and supporting *maxNumberActiveTCI-PerBWP other than n1
and maxSimultaneousResourceSetsPerCC atleast 2*.

##### 5.2.2.2.10\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-41 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.2.10\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-40 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.2.2.10.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.2.10\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.2.10\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-40 .H6}

Test 1-1:

1\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.2.2.10\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

2\. SS is configured to transmit SSB and CSI-RS continuously and
schedule PDSCH and PDCCH transmission according to Note 1 in table
5.2.2.2.10.0-2. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI
to transmit the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.2.2.10\_1.4-1. The SS
sends downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

Note: All TCI states are known to the UE through configuration inside
RrcReconfiguration. There is no need to configure additional L1-RSRP
measurements.

3\. Send MAC CE command "TCI State Indication for UE-specific PDCCH"
according to the timing described in Note 1 of table 5.2.2.2.10.0-2 to
switch from active TCI state 0 to 1 for PDCCH and vice versa
periodically. PDSCH is automatically associated with TCI state 0 or 1 as
tci-PresentInDCI is not present. TCI states 3 and 4 for SSBs are
automatically activated through relation of QCL-Info in NZP CSI-RS.

4\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### Test 1-2: {#test-1-2 .H6}

1\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.2.2.10\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

2\. SS activates TCI state 0 and TCI 1 for PDSCH at the same time via
MAC CE command "TCI States Activation/Deactivation for UE-specific
PDSCH".

3\. SS is configured to transmit SSB and CSI-RS continuously and
schedule PDSCH and PDCCH transmission according to Note 1 in table
5.2.2.2.10.0-2. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI
to transmit the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.2.2.10\_1.4-1. The SS
sends downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

Note: All TCI states are known to the UE through configuration inside
RrcReconfiguration. There is no need to configure additional L1-RSRP
measurements.

4\. Send MAC CE command "TCI State Indication for UE-specific PDCCH"
according to the timing described in Note 1 of table 5.2.2.2.10.0-2 to
switch from active TCI state 0 to 1 for PDCCH and vice versa
periodically. PDSCH is automatically associated with TCI state 0 or 1 as
tci-PresentInDCI is not present. TCI states 3 and 4 for SSBs are
automatically activated through relation of QCL-Info in NZP CSI-RS.

##### 5. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.5.2.2.2.10\_1.3.3 Message contents {#measure-the-average-throughput-for-a-duration-sufficient-to-achieve-statistical-significance-according-to-annex-g-clause-g.1.5.-count-the-number-of-nacks-acks-and-statdtxs-on-the-ul-during-each-subtest-and-decide-pass-or-fail-according-to-table-g.1.5-1-in-annex-g-clause-g.1.5.5.2.2.2.10_1.3.3-message-contents .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.2.2.10\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-29 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-1: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                               
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------ ---------------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment      Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                        
  prb-BundlingType CHOICE {                                                          
  staticBundling SEQUENCE {                                                          
  bundleSize                                             Not present    n2 is used   test 1-1, 1-2
  }                                                                                  
  }                                                                                  
  }                                                                                  

Table 5.2.2.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-2: DMRS-DownlinkConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-24                                      
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment             Condition
  DMRS-DownlinkConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                        
  dmrs-AdditionalPosition                                pos2           for test 1-1, 1-2   
  }                                                                                         

Table 5.2.2.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-3: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-25                                      
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment             Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                    
  nrofHARQ-ProcessesForPDSCH                             n8             for test 1-1, 1-2   
  }                                                                                         

Table 5.2.2.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-4: NZP-CSI-RS-Resource for TRS

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-8 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| NZP-            |                 |                 |           |
| CSI-RS-Resource |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| nzp-CS          | i-1 for CSI-RS  | for test 1-1,   |           |
| I-RS-ResourceId | resource \#i,   | 1-2             |           |
|                 | i=              |                 |           |
|                 | 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| qcl-Inf         | 2 for CSI-RS    | for test 1-1,   |           |
| oPeriodicCSI-RS | resource \#1,   | 1-2:            |           |
|                 | \#2, \#3, \#4   |                 |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-StateId for |           |
|                 | 3 for CSI-RS    | TCI-State \#2   |           |
|                 | resource \#5,   | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 | \#6, \#7, \#8   | resource \#1,   |           |
|                 |                 | \#2, \#3, \#4   |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-StateId for |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-State \#3   |           |
|                 |                 | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#5,   |           |
|                 |                 | \#6, \#7, \#8   |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-5: CSI-RS-ResourceMapping for TRS (Table
5.2.2.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-4)

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-9 |                 |                 |           |
| with condition  |                 |                 |           |
| TRS             |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CSI-RS-         |                 |                 |           |
| ResourceMapping |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| firstOFDMSym    | 5 for CSI-RS    | for test 1-1,   |           |
| bolInTimeDomain | resource \#1    | 1-2:            |           |
|                 | and \#3         |                 |           |
|                 |                 | l~0~ = 5 for    |           |
|                 | 9 for CSI-RS    | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | resource \#2    | 1 and 3         |           |
|                 | and \#4         |                 |           |
|                 |                 | l~0~ = 9 for    |           |
|                 | 6 for CSI-RS    | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | resource \#5    | 2 and 4         |           |
|                 | and \#7         |                 |           |
|                 |                 | l~0~ = 6 for    |           |
|                 | 10 for CSI-RS   | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | resource \#6    | 5 and 7         |           |
|                 | and \#8         |                 |           |
|                 |                 | l~0~ = 10 for   |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 |                 | 6 and 8         |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-5: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Tracking (Table 5.2.2.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-4)

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-9 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CS              |                 |                 |           |
| I-ResourcePerio |                 |                 |           |
| dicityAndOffset |                 |                 |           |
| ::= CHOICE {    |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Slots20         | 1 for CSI-RS    | For test 1-1,   |           |
|                 | resource \#1,   | 1-2:            |           |
|                 | \#2, \#5, \#6   |                 |           |
|                 |                 | periodicity:    |           |
|                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |                 |           |
|                 | resource \#3    | 20 slots.       |           |
|                 | \#4, \#7, \#8   |                 |           |
|                 |                 | offset:         |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 1 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 2\              |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 3 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 4               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 5 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 6\              |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 7 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 8               |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-6: NZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet for TRS

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 5.4.2.0-12     |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-       |                |                |                |
| RS-ResourceSet |                |                |                |
| ::= SEQUENCE { |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp\_CSI\      | 0 for Resource | For test 1-1,  |                |
| _ResourceSetId | set \#1        | 1-2            |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 1 for Resource |                |                |
|                | set \#2        |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 4 entries      | For test 1-1,  | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                | 1-2            | \#1            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 0              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#1   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 1              | entry 2        |                |
| esourceId\[2\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#2   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 2              | entry 3        |                |
| esourceId\[3\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#3   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 3              | entry 4        |                |
| esourceId\[4\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#4   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 4 entries      | For test 1-1,  | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                | 1-2            | \#2            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 4              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#5   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 5              | entry 2        |                |
| esourceId\[2\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#6   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 6              | entry 3        |                |
| esourceId\[3\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#7   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 7              | entry 4        |                |
| esourceId\[4\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#8   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.2.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-7: NZP-CSI-RS-Resource for CSI Acquisition

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table           |                 |                 |           |
| 5.4.2.0-14      |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| NZP-            |                 |                 |           |
| CSI-RS-Resource |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| nzp-CS          | 8 for CSI-RS    | for test 1-1,   |           |
| I-RS-ResourceId | resource \#9    | 1-2             |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 9 for CSI-RS    |                 |           |
|                 | resource \#10   |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| qcl-Inf         | 0 for CSI-RS    | for test 1-1,   |           |
| oPeriodicCSI-RS | resource \#9    | 1-2:            |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 1 for CSI-RS    | TCI-State \#0   |           |
|                 | resource \#10   | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#9    |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-State \#1   |           |
|                 |                 | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#10   |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-8: CSI-RS-ResourceMapping for CSI Acquisition
(Table 5.2.2.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-7)

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table           |                 |                 |           |
| 5.4.2.0-15      |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CSI-RS-         |                 |                 |           |
| ResourceMapping |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| firstOFDMSym    | 12 for CSI-RS   | for test 1-1,   |           |
| bolInTimeDomain | resource \#9    | 1-2             |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 13 for CSI-RS   | l~0~=12 for     |           |
|                 | resource \#10   | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 |                 | \#9             |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | l~0~=13 for     |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 |                 | \#10            |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-9: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Acquisition (Table 5.2.2.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-7)

+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| Derivation Path:  |              |                   |           |
| TS 38.508-1       |              |                   |           |
| \[6\], Table      |              |                   |           |
| 5.4.2.0-16        |              |                   |           |
+===================+==============+===================+===========+
| Information       | Value/remark | Comment           | Condition |
| Element           |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| CSI-ResourcePer   |              |                   |           |
| iodicityAndOffset |              |                   |           |
| ::= CHOICE {      |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| Slots40           | 0            | For test 1-1,     |           |
|                   |              | 1-2:              |           |
|                   |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | periodicity = 40  |           |
|                   |              | slots.            |           |
|                   |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | offset = 0 slots  |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| }                 |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-10: NZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet for CSI
Acquisition

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 5.4.2.0-18     |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-       |                |                |                |
| RS-ResourceSet |                |                |                |
| ::= SEQUENCE { |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp\_CSI\      | 2 for Resource | For test 1-1,  |                |
| _ResourceSetId | set \#3        | 1-2            |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 3 for Resource |                |                |
|                | set \#4        |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 1 entry        | For test 1-1,  | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                | 1-2            | \#3            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 8              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#9   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 1 entry        | For test 1-1,  | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                | 1-2            | \#4            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 9              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#10  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.2.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-11: *TCI-State*

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 4.6.3-190      |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| TCI-State ::=  |                |                |                |
| SEQUENCE {     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| tci-StateId    | 0 for TCI      | For test 1-1,  |                |
|                | state \#0      | 1-2            |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 1 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#1      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 2 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#2      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 3 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#3      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| qcl-Type1      |                |                |                |
| SEQUENCE {     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| bwp-Id         | BWP-Id of      |                | TCI state \#0, |
|                | active BWP     |                | TCI state \#1  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Not present    |                | TCI state \#2, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#3  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| r              |                |                |                |
| eferenceSignal |                |                |                |
| CHOICE {       |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| csi-rs         | 0              | CSI-RS         | TCI state \#0  |
|                |                | resource \#1   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 4              | CSI-RS         | TCI state \#1  |
|                |                | resource \#5   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| ssb            | 0              | SSB \#0        | TCI state \#2  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 1              | SSB \#1        | TCI state \#3  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| qcl-Type       | typeA          |                | TCI state \#0, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#1  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | typeC          |                | TCI state \#2, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#3  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

##### 5.2.2.2.10\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-27 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.2.10\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.2.2.10\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-36 .H6}

Tables 5.2.2.2.10\_1.4-1 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.2.10\_1.4-1 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.2.10\_1.4-1: Test Requirements for HST-DPS

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Number of active PDSCH TCI states   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ----------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.2-10.5 TDD   40 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.6
  1-2         R.PDSCH.2-10.5 TDD   40 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.6

##### 5.2.2.2.11 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH Single-DCI based SDM scheme performance

##### 5.2.2.2.11.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-35 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.11.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.2.2.11.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.11.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.2.11.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                            Test index
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the PDSCH performance with Single-DCI based SDM scheme under 2 receive antenna conditions   1-1,1-2

Table 5.2.2.2.11.0-2: Test parameters

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        | Unit     | Value    |          |          |          |
| arameter |          |          |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          | TRxP     | TRxP     |          |          |
|          |          | \#1(Note | \#2(Note |          |          |
|          |          | 1)       | 1)       |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Transmit |          | TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |
| TRxP of  |          |          |          |          |          |
| SSB      |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDCCH    | TCI      |          | TCI      |          |          |
| confi    | state    |          | State    |          |          |
| guration |          |          | \#1      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CORESETP |          | 0        |          |          |
|          | oolIndex |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CSI-RS   | First    |          | k0=0 for | k0=1 for |          |
| for      | su       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
| tracking | bcarrier |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | index in |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | the PRB  |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | used for |          |          |          |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | First    |          | l0 = 6   | l0 = 6   |          |
|          | OFDM     |          | for      | for      |          |
|          | symbol   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | in the   |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | PRB used |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | for      |          | 1 and 3  | 5 and 7  |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | l0 = 10  | l0 = 10  |          |
|          |          |          | for      | for      |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 2 and 4  | 6 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1 for    | 1 for    |          |
|          | of       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          | resource | resource |          |
|          | ports    |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | (X)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CDM Type |          | 'No CDM' |          |          |
|          |          |          | for      |          |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   |          |          |
|          |          |          | resource |          |          |
|          |          |          | 1,2,3,4  |          |          |
|          |          |          | ,5,6,7,8 |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Density  |          | 3        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 40       |          |          |
|          | per      |          |          |          |          |
|          | iodicity |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 20 for   | 20 for   |          |
|          | offset   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 1 and 2  | 5 and 6  |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | 21 for   | 21 for   |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 3 and 4  | 7 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | QCL info |          | TCI      |          |          |
|          |          |          | state    |          |          |
|          |          |          | \#0      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Duplex   |          | TDD      |          |          |          |
| mode     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Active   |          | 1        |          |          |          |
| DL BWP   |          |          |          |          |          |
| index    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Mapping  |          | Type A   |          |          |
| confi    | type     |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | k0       |          | 0        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Starting |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | symbol   |          |          |          |          |
|          | (S)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Length   |          | 12       |          |          |
|          | (L)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | Static   |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Resource |          | Type 1   |          |          |
|          | al       |          |          |          |          |
|          | location |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RBG size |          | Config2  |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | Non-int  |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          | erleaved |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | N/A      |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          |          |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | int      |          |          |          |          |
|          | erleaver |          |          |          |          |
|          | bundle   |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Antenna  |          | 1000     | 1002     |          |
| DMRS     | port     |          |          |          |          |
| confi    | indexes  |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | TCI      |          | TCI      | TCI      |          |
|          | state    |          | State    | State    |          |
|          |          |          | \#1      | \#2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | DMRS     |          | Type 1   |          |          |
|          | Type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | of       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ad       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ditional |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Maximum  |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | number   |          |          |          |          |
|          | of OFDM  |          |          |          |          |
|          | symbols  |          |          |          |          |
|          | for DL   |          |          |          |          |
|          | front    |          |          |          |          |
|          | loaded   |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | CSI-RS   | N/A      |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          | resource |          |
| \#1      | inf      |          |          | 1 from   |          |
|          | ormation |          |          | \'CSI-RS |          |
|          |          |          |          | for      |          |
|          |          |          |          | t        |          |
|          |          |          |          | racking' |          |
|          |          |          |          | confi    |          |
|          |          |          |          | guration |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | Type A   | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | CSI-RS   |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          |          | resource |
| \#2      | inf      |          |          |          | 5 from   |
|          | ormation |          |          |          | \'CSI-RS |
|          |          |          |          |          | for      |
|          |          |          |          |          | t        |
|          |          |          |          |          | racking' |
|          |          |          |          |          | confi    |
|          |          |          |          |          | guration |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | Type A   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Resource |          | Full-ove |          |          |          |
| al       |          | rlapping |          |          |          |
| location |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Timing   | us       | -0.25    |          |          |          |
| offset   |          | for test |          |          |          |
| of the   |          | 1-1      |          |          |          |
| second   |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          | 1 for    |          |          |          |
| from the |          | test 1-2 |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F        | Hz       | 300 for  |          |          |          |
| requency |          | test 1-1 |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          | 0 for    |          |          |          |
| second   |          | test 1-2 |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Number   |          | 8        |          |          |          |
| of HARQ  |          |          |          |          |          |
| P        |          |          |          |          |          |
| rocesses |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| The      |          | Specific |          |          |          |
| number   |          | to each  |          |          |          |
| of slots |          | TDD      |          |          |          |
| between  |          | UL-DL    |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          | pattern  |          |          |          |
| and      |          | and as   |          |          |          |
| corre    |          | defined  |          |          |          |
| sponding |          | in Annex |          |          |          |
| HARQ-ACK |          | A.1.2    |          |          |          |
| inf      |          |          |          |          |          |
| ormation |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        |          | SP Type  |          |          |          |
| recoding |          | I,       |          |          |          |
| confi    |          | ind      |          |          |          |
| guration |          | ependent |          |          |          |
|          |          | p        |          |          |          |
|          |          | recoding |          |          |          |
|          |          | ge       |          |          |          |
|          |          | neration |          |          |          |
|          |          | is       |          |          |          |
|          |          | applied  |          |          |          |
|          |          | for both |          |          |          |
|          |          | TRxPs,   |          |          |          |
|          |          | random   |          |          |          |
|          |          | per slot |          |          |          |
|          |          | with PRB |          |          |          |
|          |          | bundling |          |          |          |
|          |          | gra      |          |          |          |
|          |          | nularity |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |          |          |          |          |
| tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smission |          |          |          |          |          |
| is done  |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| both     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxPs    |          |          |          |          |          |
| (PDSCH   |          |          |          |          |          |
| Layer 0  |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| tra      |          |          |          |          |          |
| nsmitted |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |          |          |
| and      |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |          |          |          |          |
| layer 1  |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| tra      |          |          |          |          |          |
| nsmitted |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| \#2)     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.2.2.2.11.0-3: Minimum performance

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | (Note | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | 1)    | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (Note |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 2)    |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    | (Note |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    | 3)    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 40 /  | 6     | FR1   | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 20.2  |
|       | DSCH. | 30    | 4QAM, | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 2-3.2 |       | 0.50  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-2   | R.P   | 40 /  | 6     | FR1   | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 20.0  |
|       | DSCH. | 30    | 4QAM, | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 2-3.2 |       | 0.50  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| i     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ndepe |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ndent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orres |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ponds |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4.4.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sc    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aling |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| f     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| actor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1/sq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rt(2) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ransm |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| itted |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ignal |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| from  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.2.11.

###### 5.2.2.2.11\_1 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH Single-DCI based SDM scheme performance - 2x2 MIMO for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.2.11\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-42 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance with Single-DCI based SDM scheme under 2
receive antenna conditions.

##### 5.2.2.2.11\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-42 .H6}

Test applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE *singleDCI-SDM-scheme-r16*.

##### 5.2.2.2.11\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-42 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.2.11\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-41 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and section A.3.2.3 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2.2.2.11.0-2 and Table 5.2.2.2.11.0-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.2.11\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.2.11\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-41 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.2.2.11\_1.3.4-1. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.2.2.11\_1.3.4-1.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Table
5.2.2.2.11\_1.3.4-1 as appropriate.

##### 5.2.2.2.11\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-40 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.2.11\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-30 .H6}

As defined in clause 5.4.2 of TS 38.508-1 \[6\] with the following
exceptions:

Table 5.2.2.2.11\_1.3.3\_1-1: Physical layer parameters for DCI format
1\_1

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.3.6.1.2.2-1                                         
  --------------------------------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------- -----------
  Parameter                                                 Value               Value in binary   Condition
  Antenna port(s)                                           DMRS port 0 and 2   "1011"            
  Transmission configuration indication                     TCI state 1 and 2   "000"             

Table 5.2.2.2.11\_1.3.3\_1-2: *CellGroupConfig*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-19                             
  ---------------------------------------------------- --------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark    Comment   Condition
  CellGroupConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                 
  simultaneousTCI-UpdateList1-r16 SEQUENCE {                                     
  ServCellIndex \[1\]                                  ServCellIndex             
  }                                                                              
  }                                                                              

Table 5.2.2.2.11\_1.3.3\_1-3: *ControlResourceSet*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-28                            
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  ControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                             
  tci-PresentInDCI                                     enabled                  
  }                                                                             

Table 5.2.2.2.11\_1.3.3\_1-4: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-100                                                                               
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ---------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                            Value/remark                             Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                       
  tci-StatesToAddModList SEQUENCE(SIZE (1.. maxNrofTCI-States)) OF TCI-State {   2 entries                                          
  TCI-State\[1\]                                                                 *TCI-State* with condition TCI-state-0             
  TCI-State\[2\]                                                                 *TCI-State* with condition TCI-state-1             
  TCI-State\[3\]                                                                 *TCI-State* with condition TCI-state-2             
  }                                                                                                                                 
  rbg-Size                                                                       config2                                            
  prb-BundlingType CHOICE {                                                                                                         
  staticBundling SEQUENCE {                                                                                                         
  bundleSize                                                                     Not present                                        
  }                                                                                                                                 
  }                                                                                                                                 
  }                                                                                                                                 

Table 5.2.2.2.11\_1.3.3\_1-5: *TCI-State*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-190                            
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -------------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  TCI-State ::= SEQUENCE {                                                       
  tci-StateId                                           0                        TCI-state-0
                                                        1                        TCI-state-1
                                                        2                        TCI-state-2
  qcl-Type1 SEQUENCE {                                                           
  cell                                                  Not present              
  bwp-Id                                                Not present              
  referenceSignal CHOICE {                                                       
  ssb                                                   SSB-Index                TCI-state-0
  csi-rs                                                1                        TCI-state-1
                                                        5                        TCI-state-2
  }                                                                              
  qcl-Type                                              typeA                    
  }                                                                              
  qcl-Type2                                             Not present              
  }                                                                              

Table 5.2.2.2.11\_1.3.3\_1-6: *NZP-CSI-RS-Resource*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-85                                                    
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment                           Condition
  NZP-CSI-RS-Resource ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                    
  resourceMapping SEQUENCE {                                                                            
  frequencyDomainAllocation CHOICE {                                                                    
  row1                                                 0000           For CSI-RS resources 1, 2, 3, 4   
                                                       0001           For CSI-RS resources 5,6,7,8      
  }                                                                                                     
  nrofPorts                                            p1                                               
  firstOFDMSymbolInTimeDomain                          6              For CSI-RS resources 1,3,5,7      
                                                       10             For CSI-RS resources 2,4,6,8      
  cdm-Type                                             noCDM                                            
  density CHOICE {                                                                                      
  three                                                NULL                                             
  }                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                     
  periodicityAndOffset CHOICE {                                                                         
  slots40                                              20             For CSI-RS resources 1,2,5,6      
  slots40                                              21             For CSI-RS resources 3,4,7,8      
  }                                                                                                     
  qcl-InfoPeriodicCSI-RS                               0                                                
  }                                                                                                     

##### 5.2.2.2.11\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-28 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.2.11\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.2.2.11\_1.3.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-37 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.2.11.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.2.11\_1.3.4-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.2.11\_1.3.4-1: Test requirement

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | (Note | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | 1)    | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (Note |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 2)    |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    | (Note |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    | 3)    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 40 /  | 6     | FR1   | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 21.2  |
|       | DSCH. | 30    | 4QAM, | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 2-3.2 |       | 0.50  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-2   | R.P   | 40 /  | 6     | FR1   | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 21.0  |
|       | DSCH. | 30    | 4QAM, | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 2-3.2 |       | 0.50  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| i     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ndepe |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ndent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orres |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ponds |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4.4.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sc    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aling |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| f     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| actor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1/sq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rt(2) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ransm |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| itted |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ignal |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| from  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.2.2.12 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH Multi-DCI based transmission scheme performance

##### 5.2.2.2.12.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-36 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.12.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.2.2.12.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.12.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.2.12.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                                                    Test index
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the PDSCH performance when UE is configured two different values of CORESETPoolIndex in ControlResourceSet and when UE receives multiple PDCCHs scheduling PDSCHs   1-1

Table 5.2.2.2.12.0-2: Test parameters

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        | Unit     | Value    |          |          |          |
| arameter |          |          |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          | TRxP     | TRxP     |          |          |
|          |          | \#1(Note | \#2(Note |          |          |
|          |          | 1)       | 1)       |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Transmit |          | TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |
| TRxP of  |          |          |          |          |          |
| SSB      |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDCCH    | TCI      |          | TCI      | TCI      |          |
| confi    | state    |          | State    | State    |          |
| guration |          |          | \#1      | \#2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CORESETP |          | 0,1      |          |          |
|          | oolIndex |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CSI-RS   | First    |          | k0=0 for | k0=1 for |          |
| for      | su       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
| tracking | bcarrier |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | index in |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | the PRB  |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | used for |          |          |          |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | First    |          | l0 = 6   | l0 = 6   |          |
|          | OFDM     |          | for      | for      |          |
|          | symbol   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | in the   |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | PRB used |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | for      |          | 1 and 3  | 5 and 7  |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | l0 = 10  | l0 = 10  |          |
|          |          |          | for      | for      |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 2 and 4  | 6 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1 for    | 1 for    |          |
|          | of       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          | resource | resource |          |
|          | ports    |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | (X)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CDM Type |          | 'No CDM' |          |          |
|          |          |          | for      |          |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   |          |          |
|          |          |          | resource |          |          |
|          |          |          | 1,2,3,4  |          |          |
|          |          |          | ,5,6,7,8 |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Density  |          | 3        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 40       |          |          |
|          | per      |          |          |          |          |
|          | iodicity |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 20 for   | 20 for   |          |
|          | offset   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 1 and 2  | 5 and 6  |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | 21 for   | 21 for   |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 3 and 4  | 7 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | QCL info |          | TCI      |          |          |
|          |          |          | state    |          |          |
|          |          |          | \#0      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Duplex   |          | TDD      |          |          |          |
| mode     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Active   |          | 1        |          |          |          |
| DL BWP   |          |          |          |          |          |
| index    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Mapping  |          | Type A   |          |          |
| confi    | type     |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | k0       |          | 0        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Starting |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | symbol   |          |          |          |          |
|          | (S)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Length   |          | 12       |          |          |
|          | (L)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | Static   |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Resource |          | Type 1   |          |          |
|          | al       |          |          |          |          |
|          | location |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RBG size |          | Config2  |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | Non-int  |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          | erleaved |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | N/A      |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          |          |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | int      |          |          |          |          |
|          | erleaver |          |          |          |          |
|          | bundle   |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Antenna  |          | {10      | {10      |          |
| DMRS     | port     |          | 00,1001} | 02,1003} |          |
| confi    | indexes  |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | TCI      |          | TCI      | TCI      |          |
|          | state    |          | State    | State    |          |
|          |          |          | \#1      | \#2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | DMRS     |          | Type 1   |          |          |
|          | Type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | of       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ad       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ditional |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Maximum  |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | number   |          |          |          |          |
|          | of OFDM  |          |          |          |          |
|          | symbols  |          |          |          |          |
|          | for DL   |          |          |          |          |
|          | front    |          |          |          |          |
|          | loaded   |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | CSI-RS   | N/A      |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          | resource |          |
| \#1      | inf      |          |          | 1 from   |          |
|          | ormation |          |          | \'CSI-RS |          |
|          |          |          |          | for      |          |
|          |          |          |          | t        |          |
|          |          |          |          | racking' |          |
|          |          |          |          | confi    |          |
|          |          |          |          | guration |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | Type A   | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | CSI-RS   |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          |          | resource |
| \#2      | inf      |          |          |          | 5 from   |
|          | ormation |          |          |          | \'CSI-RS |
|          |          |          |          |          | for      |
|          |          |          |          |          | t        |
|          |          |          |          |          | racking' |
|          |          |          |          |          | confi    |
|          |          |          |          |          | guration |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | Type A   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Resource |          | Non-ove  |          |          |          |
| al       |          | rlapping |          |          |          |
| location |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Timing   | us       | -0.25    |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| second   |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F        | Hz       | 300      |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| second   |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Number   |          | 8        |          |          |          |
| of HARQ  |          |          |          |          |          |
| P        |          |          |          |          |          |
| rocesses |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| The      |          | Specific |          |          |          |
| number   |          | to each  |          |          |          |
| of slots |          | TDD      |          |          |          |
| between  |          | UL-DL    |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          | pattern  |          |          |          |
| and      |          | and as   |          |          |          |
| corre    |          | defined  |          |          |          |
| sponding |          | in Annex |          |          |          |
| HARQ-ACK |          | A.1.2    |          |          |          |
| inf      |          |          |          |          |          |
| ormation |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        |          | SP Type  |          |          |          |
| recoding |          | I,       |          |          |          |
| confi    |          | ind      |          |          |          |
| guration |          | ependent |          |          |          |
|          |          | p        |          |          |          |
|          |          | recoding |          |          |          |
|          |          | ge       |          |          |          |
|          |          | neration |          |          |          |
|          |          | is       |          |          |          |
|          |          | applied  |          |          |          |
|          |          | for both |          |          |          |
|          |          | TRxPs,   |          |          |          |
|          |          | random   |          |          |          |
|          |          | per slot |          |          |          |
|          |          | with PRB |          |          |          |
|          |          | bundling |          |          |          |
|          |          | gra      |          |          |          |
|          |          | nularity |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |          |          |          |          |
| tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smission |          |          |          |          |          |
| is done  |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| both     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxPs.   |          |          |          |          |          |
| Tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smission |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |          |          |
| uses     |          |          |          |          |          |
| CORESETP |          |          |          |          |          |
| oolIndex |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0 and    |          |          |          |          |          |
| tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smission |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP \#2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| uses     |          |          |          |          |          |
| CORESETP |          |          |          |          |          |
| oolIndex |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.2.2.2.12.0-3: Minimum performance

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Test num.</th>
<th>Reference channel</th>
<th>Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)</th>
<th>Modulation format and code rate</th>
<th>TDD UL-DL pattern</th>
<th>Propagation condition(Note 1)</th>
<th>Correlation matrix and antenna configuration(Note 2)</th>
<th>Reference value</th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Fraction of maximum throughput (%)</td>
<td>SNR (dB)(Note 3)</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>TRxP #1</td>
<td>TRxP #2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>1-1</td>
<td>R.PDSCH.2-3.3 TDD</td>
<td>R.PDSCH.2-3.4 TDD</td>
<td>40 / 30</td>
<td>64QAM, 0.50</td>
<td>FR1.30-1</td>
<td>TDLA30-10</td>
<td>2x2, ULA Low</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>20.4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note 1: The propagation conditions apply to each of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 and are statistically independent</p>
<p>Note 2: Correlation matrix and antenna configuration parameters apply to each of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2</p>
<p>Note 3: SNR corresponds to SNR of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 as defined in 4.4.2</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.2.12.

###### 5.2.2.2.12\_1 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH Multiple-DCI based transmission scheme performance - 2x2 MIMO for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.2.12\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-43 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance when UE is configured two different
values of CORESETPoolIndex in ControlResourceSet and when UE receives
multiple PDCCHs scheduling PDSCHs.

##### 5.2.2.2.12\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-43 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE *multiDCI-MultiTRP-r16*.

##### 5.2.2.2.12\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-43 .H6}

Same test description as in clause 5.2.2.1.12\_1.3 with the following
exception:

\- Table 5.2.2.2.12\_1.4-1 instead of 5.2.2.1.12\_1.4-1

\- Table 5.2.2.2.12\_1.3-1 instead of Table 5.2.2.1.12\_1.3.3\_1-8

Table 5.2.2.2.12\_1.3-1: *CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset* for TRS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-10                                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                        Condition
  CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset ::= CHOICE {                                                        
  Slots40                                                20             For CSI-RS resources 1,2,5,6   
  Slots40                                                21             For CSI-RS resources 3,4,7,8   
  }                                                                                                    

##### 5.2.2.2.12\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-38 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.2.12.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.2.12\_1.4-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.2.12\_1.4-1: Test requirement

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Test num.</th>
<th>Reference channel</th>
<th>Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)</th>
<th>Modulation format and code rate</th>
<th>TDD UL-DL pattern</th>
<th>Propagation condition(Note 1)</th>
<th>Correlation matrix and antenna configuration(Note 2)</th>
<th>Reference value</th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Fraction of maximum throughput (%)</td>
<td>SNR (dB)(Note 3)</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>TRxP #1</td>
<td>TRxP #2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>1-1</td>
<td>R.PDSCH.2-3.3 TDD</td>
<td>R.PDSCH.2-3.4 TDD</td>
<td>40 / 30</td>
<td>64QAM, 0.50</td>
<td>FR1.30-1</td>
<td>TDLA30-10</td>
<td>2x2, ULA Low</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>21.4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note 1: The propagation conditions apply to each of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 and are statistically independent</p>
<p>Note 2: Correlation matrix and antenna configuration parameters apply to each of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2</p>
<p>Note 3: SNR corresponds to SNR of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 as defined in 4.4.2</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

##### 5.2.2.2.13 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH Single-DCI based FDM scheme A performance

##### 5.2.2.2.13.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-37 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.13.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.2.2.13.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.13.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.2.13.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                                                   Test index
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify PDSCH performance under 2 receive antenna conditions when UE is configured with "FDMSchemeA" in "RepetitionScheme-r16" defined in clause 5.1 of TS 38.214 \[12\]   1-1

Table 5.2.2.2.13.0-2: Test parameters

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        | Unit     | Value    |          |          |          |
| arameter |          |          |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          | TRxP     | TRxP     |          |          |
|          |          | \#1(Note | \#2(Note |          |          |
|          |          | 1)       | 1)       |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Transmit |          | TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |
| TRxP of  |          |          |          |          |          |
| SSB      |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDCCH    | TCI      |          | TCI      |          |          |
| confi    | state    |          | State    |          |          |
| guration |          |          | \#1      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CORESETP |          | Not      |          |          |
|          | oolIndex |          | co       |          |          |
|          |          |          | nfigured |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CSI-RS   | First    |          | k0=0 for | k0=1 for |          |
| for      | su       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
| tracking | bcarrier |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | index in |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | the PRB  |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | used for |          |          |          |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | First    |          | l0 = 6   | l0 = 6   |          |
|          | OFDM     |          | for      | for      |          |
|          | symbol   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | in the   |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | PRB used |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | for      |          | 1 and 3  | 5 and 7  |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | l0 = 10  | l0 = 10  |          |
|          |          |          | for      | for      |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 2 and 4  | 6 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1 for    | 1 for    |          |
|          | of       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          | resource | resource |          |
|          | ports    |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | (X)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CDM Type |          | 'No CDM' |          |          |
|          |          |          | for      |          |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   |          |          |
|          |          |          | resource |          |          |
|          |          |          | 1,2,3,4  |          |          |
|          |          |          | ,5,6,7,8 |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Density  |          | 3        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 40       |          |          |
|          | per      |          |          |          |          |
|          | iodicity |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 20 for   | 20 for   |          |
|          | offset   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 1 and 2  | 5 and 6  |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | 21 for   | 21 for   |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 3 and 4  | 7 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | QCL info |          | TCI      |          |          |
|          |          |          | state    |          |          |
|          |          |          | \#0      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Duplex   |          | TDD      |          |          |          |
| mode     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Active   |          | 1        |          |          |          |
| DL BWP   |          |          |          |          |          |
| index    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Mapping  |          | Type A   |          |          |
| confi    | type     |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | k0       |          | 0        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Starting |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | symbol   |          |          |          |          |
|          | (S)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Length   |          | 12       |          |          |
|          | (L)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | Static   |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | Wideband |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Resource |          | Type 0   |          |          |
|          | al       |          |          |          |          |
|          | location |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RBG size |          | Config2  |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | Non-int  |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          | erleaved |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | N/A      |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          |          |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | int      |          |          |          |          |
|          | erleaver |          |          |          |          |
|          | bundle   |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Antenna  |          | 1        | 1        |          |
| DMRS     | port     |          | 000,1001 | 000,1001 |          |
| confi    | indexes  |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | TCI      |          | TCI      | TCI      |          |
|          | state    |          | State    | State    |          |
|          |          |          | \#1      | \#2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | DMRS     |          | Type 1   |          |          |
|          | Type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | of       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ad       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ditional |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Maximum  |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | number   |          |          |          |          |
|          | of OFDM  |          |          |          |          |
|          | symbols  |          |          |          |          |
|          | for DL   |          |          |          |          |
|          | front    |          |          |          |          |
|          | loaded   |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | CSI-RS   | N/A      |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          | resource |          |
| \#1      | inf      |          |          | 1 from   |          |
|          | ormation |          |          | \'CSI-RS |          |
|          |          |          |          | for      |          |
|          |          |          |          | t        |          |
|          |          |          |          | racking' |          |
|          |          |          |          | confi    |          |
|          |          |          |          | guration |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | Type A   | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | CSI-RS   |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          |          | resource |
| \#2      | inf      |          |          |          | 5 from   |
|          | ormation |          |          |          | \'CSI-RS |
|          |          |          |          |          | for      |
|          |          |          |          |          | t        |
|          |          |          |          |          | racking' |
|          |          |          |          |          | confi    |
|          |          |          |          |          | guration |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | Type A   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Timing   | us       | -0.25    |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| second   |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F        | Hz       | 300      |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| second   |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Number   |          | 8        |          |          |          |
| of HARQ  |          |          |          |          |          |
| P        |          |          |          |          |          |
| rocesses |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| The      |          | Specific |          |          |          |
| number   |          | to each  |          |          |          |
| of slots |          | TDD      |          |          |          |
| between  |          | UL-DL    |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          | pattern  |          |          |          |
| and      |          |          |          |          |          |
| corre    |          | and as   |          |          |          |
| sponding |          | defined  |          |          |          |
| HARQ-ACK |          | in Annex |          |          |          |
| inf      |          | A.1.2    |          |          |          |
| ormation |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        |          | SP Type  |          |          |          |
| recoding |          | I,       |          |          |          |
| confi    |          | ind      |          |          |          |
| guration |          | ependent |          |          |          |
|          |          | p        |          |          |          |
|          |          | recoding |          |          |          |
|          |          | ge       |          |          |          |
|          |          | neration |          |          |          |
|          |          | is       |          |          |          |
|          |          | applied  |          |          |          |
|          |          | for both |          |          |          |
|          |          | TRxPs,   |          |          |          |
|          |          | random   |          |          |          |
|          |          | per slot |          |          |          |
|          |          | with PRB |          |          |          |
|          |          | bundling |          |          |          |
|          |          | gra      |          |          |          |
|          |          | nularity |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |          |          |          |          |
| tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smission |          |          |          |          |          |
| is done  |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| both     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxPs    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.2.2.2.13.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 2

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | (Note | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | 1)    | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (Note |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 2)    |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    | (Note |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3)    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 40 /  | 1     | FR1   | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 17.6  |
|       | DSCH. | 30    | 6QAM, | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 2-2.5 |       | 0.54  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| depen |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dent. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orres |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ponds |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4.4.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.2.13.

###### 5.2.2.2.13\_1 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH Single-DCI based FDM scheme A performance - 2x2 MIMO for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.2.13\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-44 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance under 2 receive antenna conditions when
UE is configured with "FDMSchemeA" in "RepetitionScheme-r16".

##### 5.2.2.2.13\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-44 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE *supportFDM-SchemeA-r16*.

##### 5.2.2.2.13\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-44 .H6}

Same test description as in clause 5.2.2.1.13\_1.3 with the following
exception:

\- Table 5.2.2.2.13\_1.4-1 instead of 5.2.2.1.13\_1.4-1

\- Table 5.2.2.2.13\_1.3-1 instead of Table 5.2.2.1.13\_1.3.3\_1-5

Table 5.2.2.2.13\_1.3-1: *CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset* for TRS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-10                                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                        Condition
  CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset ::= CHOICE {                                                        
  Slots40                                                20             For CSI-RS resources 1,2,5,6   
  Slots40                                                21             For CSI-RS resources 3,4,7,8   
  }                                                                                                    

##### 5.2.2.2.13\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-39 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.2.13.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.2.13\_1.4-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.2.13\_1.4-1: Test requirement

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | (Note | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | 1)    | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (Note |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 2)    |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    | (Note |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3)    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 40 /  | 1     | FR1   | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 18.6  |
|       | DSCH. | 30    | 6QAM, | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 2-2.5 |       | 0.54  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| depen |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dent. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orres |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ponds |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4.4.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.2.2.14 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH Single-DCI based Inter-slot TDM scheme performance

##### 5.2.2.2.14.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-38 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.14.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.2.2.14.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.14.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.2.14.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Test index
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------
  Verify PDSCH performance under 2 receive antenna conditions when UE is configured with repetitionNumber-r16 with multiple slot level PDSCH transmission occasions of the same TB with two TCI states defined in clause 5.1 of TS 38.214 \[12\]   1-1

Table 5.2.2.2.14.0-2: Test parameters

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        | Unit     | Value    |          |          |          |
| arameter |          |          |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          | TRxP     | TRxP     |          |          |
|          |          | \#1(Note | \#2(Note |          |          |
|          |          | 1)       | 1)       |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Transmit |          | TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |
| TRxP of  |          |          |          |          |          |
| SSB      |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDCCH    | TCI      |          | TCI      |          |          |
| confi    | state    |          | State    |          |          |
| guration |          |          | \#1      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CORESETP |          | Not      |          |          |
|          | oolIndex |          | co       |          |          |
|          |          |          | nfigured |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CSI-RS   | First    |          | k0=0 for | k0=1 for |          |
| for      | su       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
| tracking | bcarrier |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | index in |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | the PRB  |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | used for |          |          |          |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | First    |          | l0 = 6   | l0 = 6   |          |
|          | OFDM     |          | for      | for      |          |
|          | symbol   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | in the   |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | PRB used |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | for      |          | 1 and 3  | 5 and 7  |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | l0 = 10  | l0 = 10  |          |
|          |          |          | for      | for      |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 2 and 4  | 6 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1 for    | 1 for    |          |
|          | of       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          | resource | resource |          |
|          | ports    |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | (X)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CDM Type |          | 'No CDM' |          |          |
|          |          |          | for      |          |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   |          |          |
|          |          |          | resource |          |          |
|          |          |          | 1,2,3,4  |          |          |
|          |          |          | ,5,6,7,8 |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Density  |          | 3        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 40       |          |          |
|          | per      |          |          |          |          |
|          | iodicity |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 20 for   | 20 for   |          |
|          | offset   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 1 and 2  | 5 and 6  |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | 21 for   | 21 for   |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 3 and 4  | 7 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | QCL info |          | TCI      |          |          |
|          |          |          | state    |          |          |
|          |          |          | \#0      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Duplex   |          | TDD      |          |          |          |
| mode     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Active   |          | 1        |          |          |          |
| DL BWP   |          |          |          |          |          |
| index    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Mapping  |          | Type A   |          |          |
| confi    | type     |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | k0       |          | 0        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Starting |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | symbol   |          |          |          |          |
|          | (S)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Length   |          | 12       |          |          |
|          | (L)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Re       |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | petition |          |          |          |          |
|          | number   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | Static   |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Resource |          | Type 0   |          |          |
|          | al       |          |          |          |          |
|          | location |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RBG size |          | Config2  |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | Non-int  |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          | erleaved |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | N/A      |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          |          |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | int      |          |          |          |          |
|          | erleaver |          |          |          |          |
|          | bundle   |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Antenna  |          | 1000     | 1000     |          |
| DMRS     | port     |          |          |          |          |
| confi    | indexes  |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | TCI      |          | TCI      | TCI      |          |
|          | state    |          | State    | State    |          |
|          |          |          | \#1      | \#2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | DMRS     |          | Type 1   |          |          |
|          | Type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | of       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ad       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ditional |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Maximum  |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | number   |          |          |          |          |
|          | of OFDM  |          |          |          |          |
|          | symbols  |          |          |          |          |
|          | for DL   |          |          |          |          |
|          | front    |          |          |          |          |
|          | loaded   |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | CSI-RS   | N/A      |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          | resource |          |
| \#1      | inf      |          |          | 1 from   |          |
|          | ormation |          |          | \'CSI-RS |          |
|          |          |          |          | for      |          |
|          |          |          |          | t        |          |
|          |          |          |          | racking' |          |
|          |          |          |          | confi    |          |
|          |          |          |          | guration |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | Type A   | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | CSI-RS   |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          |          | resource |
| \#2      | inf      |          |          |          | 5 from   |
|          | ormation |          |          |          | \'CSI-RS |
|          |          |          |          |          | for      |
|          |          |          |          |          | t        |
|          |          |          |          |          | racking' |
|          |          |          |          |          | confi    |
|          |          |          |          |          | guration |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | Type A   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Timing   | us       | 1        |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| second   |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F        | Hz       | 300      |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| second   |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Number   |          | 4        |          |          |          |
| of HARQ  |          |          |          |          |          |
| P        |          |          |          |          |          |
| rocesses |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| The      |          | Specific |          |          |          |
| number   |          | to each  |          |          |          |
| of slots |          | TDD      |          |          |          |
| between  |          | UL-DL    |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          | pattern  |          |          |          |
| and      |          |          |          |          |          |
| corre    |          | and as   |          |          |          |
| sponding |          | defined  |          |          |          |
| HARQ-ACK |          | in Annex |          |          |          |
| inf      |          | A.1.2    |          |          |          |
| ormation |          | (Note 2) |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        |          | SP Type  |          |          |          |
| recoding |          | I,       |          |          |          |
| confi    |          | ind      |          |          |          |
| guration |          | ependent |          |          |          |
|          |          | p        |          |          |          |
|          |          | recoding |          |          |          |
|          |          | ge       |          |          |          |
|          |          | neration |          |          |          |
|          |          | is       |          |          |          |
|          |          | applied  |          |          |          |
|          |          | for both |          |          |          |
|          |          | TRxPs,   |          |          |          |
|          |          | random   |          |          |          |
|          |          | per slot |          |          |          |
|          |          | with PRB |          |          |          |
|          |          | bundling |          |          |          |
|          |          | gra      |          |          |          |
|          |          | nularity |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |          |          |          |          |
| tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smission |          |          |          |          |          |
| is done  |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| both     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxPs    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| Note 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| ACK/NACK |          |          |          |          |          |
| feedback |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| g        |          |          |          |          |          |
| enerated |          |          |          |          |          |
| for      |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH on |          |          |          |          |          |
| slot i,  |          |          |          |          |          |
| where    |          |          |          |          |          |
| m        |          |          |          |          |          |
| od(i,10) |          |          |          |          |          |
| = {2, 4, |          |          |          |          |          |
| 6}.      |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.2.2.2.14.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | (Note | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | 1)    | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (Note |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 2)    |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | BLER  | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (Note |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4)    |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.PD  | 40 /  | 1     | FR1   | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 1     | 2.8   |
|       | SCH.2 | 30    | 6QAM, | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   | (Note |       |
|       | -16.2 |       | 0.54  |       |       | Low   | 3)    |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| depen |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dent. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BLER  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| res   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idual |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BLER; |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| i.e.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ratio |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| i     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ncorr |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ectly |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rec   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eived |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tran  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sport |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| b     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| locks |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sent  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tran  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sport |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bl    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ocks, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ind   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| epend |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ently |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| umber |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HARQ  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| trans |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| missi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| on(s) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tran  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sport |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| b     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lock. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orres |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ponds |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4.4.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.2.14.

###### 5.2.2.2.14\_1 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH Single-DCI based Inter-slot TDM scheme performance - 2x2 MIMO for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.2.14\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-45 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance under 2 receive antenna conditions when
UE is configured with repetitionNumber-r16 with multiple slot level
PDSCH transmission occasions of the same TB with two TCI states.

##### 5.2.2.2.14\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-45 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE *supportTDM-SchemeA-r16*.

##### 5.2.2.2.14\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-45 .H6}

Same test description as in clause 5.2.2.1.14\_1.3 with the following
exception:

\- Table 5.2.2.2.14\_1.4-1 instead of 5.2.2.1.14\_1.4-1

\- Table 5.2.2.2.14\_1.3-1 instead of Table 5.2.2.1.14\_1.3.3\_1-5

Table 5.2.2.2.14\_1.3-1: *CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset* for TRS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-10                                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                        Condition
  CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset ::= CHOICE {                                                        
  Slots40                                                20             For CSI-RS resources 1,2,5,6   
  Slots40                                                21             For CSI-RS resources 3,4,7,8   
  }                                                                                                    

##### 5.2.2.2.14\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-40 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.2.14.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The residual BLER specified in Note 3 of Table 5.2.2.2.14\_1.4-1 test
shall meet or be lower than the specified value in Table
5.2.2.2.14\_1.4-1 for the specified SNR including test tolerances for
all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.2.14\_1.4-1: Test requirement for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | (Note | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | 1)    | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (Note |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 2)    |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | BLER  | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (Note |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4)    |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.PD  | 40 /  | 1     | FR1   | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 1     | 3.8   |
|       | SCH.2 | 30    | 6QAM, | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   | (Note |       |
|       | -16.2 |       | 0.54  |       |       | Low   | 3)    |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| depen |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dent. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BLER  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| res   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idual |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BLER; |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| i.e.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ratio |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| i     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ncorr |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ectly |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rec   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eived |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tran  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sport |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| b     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| locks |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sent  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tran  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sport |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bl    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ocks, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ind   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| epend |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ently |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| umber |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HARQ  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| trans |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| missi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| on(s) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tran  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sport |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| b     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lock. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orres |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ponds |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4.4.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.2.2.15 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping type A performance on band with shared spectrum access

##### 5.2.2.2.15.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-39 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.15-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.2.2.15-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

Table 5.2.2.2.15.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                           Test index
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------
  Verify PDSCH performance for UE supporting operations in shared spectrum access   1-1, 1-2, 1-3, 1-4

Table 5.2.2.2.15.0-2: Test parameters

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Parameter      | Unit           | Value          |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Duplex mode    |                | TDD            |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Active DL BWP  |                | 1              |                |
| index          |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DL             |                | As specified   |                |
| transmission   |                | in B.5         |                |
| model          |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Downlink Model | SSB Q          |                | 8              |
| Parameters     | fac            |                |                |
|                | tor^(Note\ 2)^ |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Downlink       | Slots          | {2,4,6,7}      |
|                | transmission   |                |                |
|                | duration       |                |                |
|                | values         |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Occupied OFDM  | Symbols        | 14             |
|                | symbols in     |                |                |
|                | slot other     |                |                |
|                | than the last  |                |                |
|                | slot of the    |                |                |
|                | downlink       |                |                |
|                | duration       |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Occupied OFDM  | Symbols        | {6,9,12,14}    |
|                | symbols in the |                | ^(Note\ 1)^    |
|                | last slot of   |                |                |
|                | the downlink   |                |                |
|                | duration       |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Downlink       | ms             | 5              |
|                | period         |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | LBT failure    |                | 0.25           |
|                | probability    |                |                |
|                | (*p~LBT~*)     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH          | Mapping type   |                | Type A         |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | k0             |                | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Starting       |                | 2              |
|                | symbol (S)     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PDSCH          |                | 1              |
|                | aggregation    |                |                |
|                | factor         |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | Static         |
|                | type           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | 2              |
|                | size           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Resource       |                | Type 0         |
|                | allocation     |                |                |
|                | type           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | RBG size       |                | Config2        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N              |
|                | mapping type   |                | on-interleaved |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N/A            |
|                | mapping        |                |                |
|                | interleaver    |                |                |
|                | bundle size    |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH DMRS     | DMRS Type      |                | Type 1         |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | dmrs-Addi      |                | pos1           |
|                | tionalPosition |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Maximum number |                | 1              |
|                | of OFDM        |                |                |
|                | symbols for DL |                |                |
|                | front loaded   |                |                |
|                | DMRS           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Number of HARQ |                | 8              |                |
| Processes      |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| The number of  |                | Specific to    |                |
| slots between  |                | each TDD UL-DL |                |
| PDSCH and      |                | pattern        |                |
| corresponding  |                |                |                |
| HARQ-ACK       |                | and as defined |                |
| information    |                | in Annex A.1.2 |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Note 1: If DL  |                |                |                |
| Transmission   |                |                |                |
| duration is 2  |                |                |                |
| Slot, the      |                |                |                |
| occupied OFDM  |                |                |                |
| symbols in the |                |                |                |
| last slot of   |                |                |                |
| the downlink   |                |                |                |
| duration is    |                |                |                |
| 14.            |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| Note 2: SSB Q  |                |                |                |
| Factor         |                |                |                |
| indicates the  |                |                |                |
| QCL relation   |                |                |                |
| between        |                |                |                |
| SS/PBCH        |                |                |                |
| blocks, and    |                |                |                |
| equals         |                |                |                |
| $              |                |                |                |
| N_{\text{SSB}} |                |                |                |
| ^{\text{QCL}}$ |                |                |                |
| (see 38.213,   |                |                |                |
| Section 4.1).  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.2.2.15.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.2-18.1 TDD   20 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-7            TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   13.8
  1-2         R.PDSCH.2-18.2 TDD   40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-7            TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.1
  1-3         R.PDSCH.2-18.3 TDD   60 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-7            TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.2
  1-4         R.PDSCH.2-18.4 TDD   80 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-7            TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.5

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.2.15.

###### 5.2.2.2.15\_1 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping type A performance on band with shared spectrum access -- 2x2 MIMO for both NSA and SA

##### 5.2.2.2.15\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-46 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH mapping Type A performance under 2 receive antenna
conditions on a band with shared spectrum access and with different
channel bandwidth, for a specific fading channel model for a specified
downlink Reference Measurement Channel (RMC) to achieve a certain
throughput.

##### 5.2.2.2.15\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-46 .H6}

This test applies to all types of UE release 16 and forward supporting
NR/5GC and NR-U and supporting UL shared channel access.

This test also applies to all types of UE release 16 and forward
supporting EN-DC and NR-U and supporting UL shared channel access.

##### 5.2.2.2.15\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-46 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.2.15\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-42 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

Test point selection: largest supported channel bandwidth as per clause
5.1.1.9.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.2.2.15.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for NR/5GC with *Connected without Release
On, Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for EN-DC according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.2.15\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.2.15\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-42 .H6}

For UE's supporting semi-static channel access

1\. The downlink signal transmission is as per the parameters defined in
Table 5.2.2.2.15.0-2 and as referenced in B.5.1

2\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format \[1\_1\] for C\_RNTI to
transmit the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.2.2.15\_1.4-1. The SS sends
downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

3\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.2.2.15\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

4\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause TBD. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table TBD in Annex G clause TBD.

For UE's supporting dynamic channel access

1\. The downlink signal transmission is as per the parameters defined in
Table 5.2.2.2.15.0-2 and as referenced in B.5.1

2\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format \[1\_1\] for C\_RNTI to
transmit the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.2.2.15\_1.4-1. The SS sends
downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

3\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.2.2.15\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

4\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause TBD. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table TBD in Annex G clause TBD.

##### 5.2.2.2.15\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-41 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.2.2.15\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for NR/5GC {#message-exceptions-for-nr5gc-5 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.2.1\_1.3.3\_1 with following exceptions.

Table 5.2.2.2.15\_1.3.3\_1-1: ServingCellConfigCommon

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-168                                                                                                              
  ----------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark                        Comment                                                                Condition
  ServingCellConfigCommon ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                           
  channelAccessMode-r16 CHOICE {                                                                                                                                   
  dynamic                                               NULL                                gNB to configure dynamic or semi Static mode depending on UE support   SharedSpectrum-DynChAccessMode
  semiStatic                                            SemiStaticChannelAccessConfig-r16                                                                          SharedSpec-trum-Semi-StaticChAccessMode
  ssb-PositionQCL-r16 {                                 SSB-PositionQCL-Relation-r16                                                                               SharedSpectrum
                                                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                                                                                

Table 5.2.2.2.15\_1.3.3\_1-2: SemiStaticChannelAccessConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-165A                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -------------------------------------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SemiStaticChannelAccessConfig-r16 ::= SEQUENCE {                                
  Period-r16                                             ms5                      channelAccessMode-r16 is semiStatic
  }                                                                               

Table 5.2.2.2.15\_1.3.3\_1-3: *SSB-PositionQCL-Relation*

  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-186A                            
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SSB-PositionQCL-Relation-r16                           n8                       
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------

##### 5.2.2.2.15\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for EN-DC {#message-exceptions-for-en-dc-5 .H6}

Same as in Clause 5.2.2.2.15\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.2.2.15\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-41 .H6}

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.2.15\_1.4-1 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.2.15\_1.4-1: Test requirements for Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.2-18.1 TDD   20 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-7            TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.8
  1-2         R.PDSCH.2-18.2 TDD   40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-7            TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.1
  1-3         R.PDSCH.2-18.3 TDD   60 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-7            TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.2
  1-4         R.PDSCH.2-18.4 TDD   80 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-7            TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.5

##### 5.2.2.2.16 2Rx TDD FR1 for PDSCH with inter-cell interference performance

##### 5.2.2.2.16.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-40 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.16.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.2.2.16.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.16.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.2.16.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                               Test index
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the PDSCH performance under 2 receive antenna conditions, when transmission from the serving cell is interfered by 1 or 2 interfering cells.   1-1, 1-2

Table 5.2.2.2.16.0-2: Test parameters

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        | Unit     | Value    |          |          |          |
| arameter |          |          |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          | Cell 1   | Cell 2   | Cell 3   |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | Enabled  | Enabled  | Enabled  |          |
|          |          |          |          | for test |          |
|          |          |          |          | 1-1      |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          | Disabled |          |
|          |          |          |          | for test |          |
|          |          |          |          | 1-2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Duplex   |          | TDD      |          |          |          |
| mode     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TDD      |          | FR1.30-1 |          |          |          |
| UL-DL    |          |          |          |          |          |
| pattern  |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Active   |          | 1        |          |          |          |
| DL BWP   |          |          |          |          |          |
| index    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Physical |          | 0        | 1        | 2        |          |
| cell ID  |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Tran     |          | 1        | Random   | Random   |          |
| smission |          |          | rank     | rank     |          |
| rank     |          |          | with 70% | with 70% |          |
|          |          |          | and 30%  | and 30%  |          |
|          |          |          | pro      | pro      |          |
|          |          |          | bability | bability |          |
|          |          |          | for rank | for rank |          |
|          |          |          | 1 and    | 1 and    |          |
|          |          |          | rank 2   | rank 2   |          |
|          |          |          |          | for Test |          |
|          |          |          |          | 1-1      |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          | N/A for  |          |
|          |          |          |          | Test 1-2 |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Time     | us       | N/A      | 1.5      | -0.5     |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| to Cell  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F        | Hz       | N/A      | 300      | -100     |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| shift to |          |          |          |          |          |
| Cell 1   |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Inte     |          | N/A      | As       |          |          |
| rference |          |          | s        |          |          |
| Model    |          |          | pecified |          |          |
|          |          |          | in B.6.2 |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| INR      | dB       | N/A      | 7.77 for | 2.29 for |          |
| (Note 2) |          |          | Test 1-1 | Test 1-1 |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | 7.58 for | N/A for  |          |
|          |          |          | Test 1-2 | Test 1-2 |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| SSB      | SSB      |          | First    | First    | First    |
| confi    | position |          | SSB in   | SSB in   | SSB in   |
| guration | in burst |          | Slot \#0 | Slot \#0 | Slot \#0 |
|          |          |          |          | for Test | for Test |
|          |          |          |          | 1-1      | 1-1      |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          | Second   | N/A for  |
|          |          |          |          | SSB in   | Test 1-2 |
|          |          |          |          | Slot \#0 |          |
|          |          |          |          | for Test |          |
|          |          |          |          | 1-2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | SSB      | ms       | 20       | 20       | 20       |
|          | per      |          |          |          |          |
|          | iodicity |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Mapping  |          | Type A   |          |          |
| confi    | type     |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | k0       |          | 0        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Starting |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | symbol   |          |          |          |          |
|          | (S)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Length   |          | 12       |          |          |
|          | (L)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PDSCH    |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | agg      |          |          |          |          |
|          | regation |          |          |          |          |
|          | factor   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | Static   |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Resource |          | Type 0   |          |          |
|          | al       |          |          |          |          |
|          | location |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RBG size |          | Config2  |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | Non-int  |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          | erleaved |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | N/A      |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          |          |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | int      |          |          |          |          |
|          | erleaver |          |          |          |          |
|          | bundle   |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | DMRS     |          | Type 1   |          |          |
| DMRS     | Type     |          |          |          |          |
| confi    |          |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | of       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ad       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ditional |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Maximum  |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | number   |          |          |          |          |
|          | of OFDM  |          |          |          |          |
|          | symbols  |          |          |          |          |
|          | for DL   |          |          |          |          |
|          | front    |          |          |          |          |
|          | loaded   |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Number   |          | 8        |          |          |          |
| of HARQ  |          |          |          |          |          |
| P        |          |          |          |          |          |
| rocesses |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| The      |          | Specific |          |          |          |
| number   |          | to each  |          |          |          |
| of slots |          | TDD      |          |          |          |
| between  |          | UL-DL    |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          | pattern  |          |          |          |
| and      |          | and as   |          |          |          |
| corre    |          | defined  |          |          |          |
| sponding |          | in Annex |          |          |          |
| HARQ-ACK |          | A.1.2    |          |          |          |
| inf      |          |          |          |          |          |
| ormation |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Cell 1   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| serving  |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell,    |          |          |          |          |          |
| Cell 2,  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 3 are    |          |          |          |          |          |
| inte     |          |          |          |          |          |
| rference |          |          |          |          |          |
| cells.   |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| Note 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| INR is   |          |          |          |          |          |
| defined  |          |          |          |          |          |
| in Annex |          |          |          |          |          |
| B.6.1    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.2.2.2.16.0-3: Minimum performance for PDSCH with rank 1 and with
inter-cell interference

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num   | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       | Cell1 |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 40 /  | 1     | T     | 2x2,  | 70    | 15.7  |
|       | DSCH. | 30    | 6QAM, | DLC30 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 2-2.1 |       | 0.48  | 0-100 | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-2   | R.P   | 40 /  | 1     | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 12.6  |
|       | DSCH. | 30    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 2-2.1 |       | 0.48  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| *     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| *Note |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:**  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1,    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2 and |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3 are |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| depen |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dent. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Bandw |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idth/ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Subca |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spa   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cing, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| P     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tion, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1,    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2 and |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3.    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.2.16.

##### 5.2.2.2.16\_1 2Rx TDD FR1 for PDSCH with inter-cell interference performance -- 2x2 MIMO for both NSA and SA {#rx-tdd-fr1-for-pdsch-with-inter-cell-interference-performance-2x2-mimo-for-both-nsa-and-sa .H6}

##### 5.2.2.2.16\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-47 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance under 2 receive antenna conditions, when
transmission from the serving cell is interfered by 1 or 2 interfering
cells.

##### 5.2.2.2.16\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-47 .H6}

Test 1-1 and test 1-2 applies to all types of NR UEs and E-UTRAN UEs
supporting EN-DC for release 15 and release 16 supporting MMSE-IRC
processing for scenarios with inter-cell and intra-cell inter-user
interference.

##### Test 1-1 and test 1-2 applies to all types of release 17 and forward NR UEs and E-UTRAN UEs supporting EN-DC. {#test-1-1-and-test-1-2-applies-to-all-types-of-release-17-and-forward-nr-ues-and-e-utran-ues-supporting-en-dc. .H6}

##### 5.2.2.2.16\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-47 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.2.16\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-43 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the serving cell and interfering cells
are set up according to Table 5.2-1 and Table 5.2.2.2.16.0-2 as
appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR serving cell are initially set up according
to Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0,
G.1, G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.2.16\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.2.16\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-43 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.2.2.16\_1.4-2. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR for the
serving cell and interfering cells according to Table 5.2.2.2.16\_1.4-2.

3\. Measure the average throughput on the serving cell for a duration
sufficient to achieve statistical significance according to Annex G
clause G.1.5. Count the number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL
during each subtest and decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1
in Annex G clause G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Tables
5.2.2.2.16\_1.4-2 as appropriate.

##### 5.2.2.2.16\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-42 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.2.2.16\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-31 .H6}

No message exceptions for SA

##### 5.2.2.2.16\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-29 .H6}

No message exceptions for NSA

##### 5.2.2.2.16\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-42 .H6}

Tables 5.2.2.2.16\_1.4-1 and 5.2.2.2.16\_1.4-2 define the primary level
settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.2.16\_1.4-2 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.2.16\_1.4-1: Test parameters

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        | Unit     | Value    |          |          |          |
| arameter |          |          |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          | Cell 1   | Cell 2   | Cell 3   |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | Enabled  | Enabled  | Enabled  |          |
|          |          |          |          | for test |          |
|          |          |          |          | 1-1      |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          | Disabled |          |
|          |          |          |          | for test |          |
|          |          |          |          | 1-2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Duplex   |          | TDD      |          |          |          |
| mode     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TDD      |          | FR1.30-1 |          |          |          |
| UL-DL    |          |          |          |          |          |
| pattern  |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Active   |          | 1        |          |          |          |
| DL BWP   |          |          |          |          |          |
| index    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Physical |          | 0        | 1        | 2        |          |
| cell ID  |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Tran     |          | 1        | Random   | Random   |          |
| smission |          |          | rank     | rank     |          |
| rank     |          |          | with 70% | with 70% |          |
|          |          |          | and 30%  | and 30%  |          |
|          |          |          | pro      | pro      |          |
|          |          |          | bability | bability |          |
|          |          |          | for rank | for rank |          |
|          |          |          | 1 and    | 1 and    |          |
|          |          |          | rank 2   | rank 2   |          |
|          |          |          |          | for Test |          |
|          |          |          |          | 1-1      |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          | N/A for  |          |
|          |          |          |          | Test 1-2 |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Time     | us       | N/A      | 1.5      | -0.5     |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| to Cell  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F        | Hz       | N/A      | 300      | -100     |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| shift to |          |          |          |          |          |
| Cell 1   |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Inte     |          | N/A      | As       |          |          |
| rference |          |          | s        |          |          |
| Model    |          |          | pecified |          |          |
|          |          |          | in B.6.2 |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| INR      | dB       | N/A      | 7.77+0.8 | 2.29+0.8 |          |
| (Note 2) |          |          | for Test | for Test |          |
|          |          |          | 1-1      | 1-1      |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | 7.58+0.8 | N/A for  |          |
|          |          |          | for Test | Test 1-2 |          |
|          |          |          | 1-2      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| SSB      | SSB      |          | First    | First    | First    |
| confi    | position |          | SSB in   | SSB in   | SSB in   |
| guration | in burst |          | Slot \#0 | Slot \#0 | Slot \#0 |
|          |          |          |          | for Test | for Test |
|          |          |          |          | 1-1      | 1-1      |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          | Second   | N/A for  |
|          |          |          |          | SSB in   | Test 1-2 |
|          |          |          |          | Slot \#0 |          |
|          |          |          |          | for Test |          |
|          |          |          |          | 1-2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | SSB      | ms       | 20       | 20       | 20       |
|          | per      |          |          |          |          |
|          | iodicity |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Mapping  |          | Type A   |          |          |
| confi    | type     |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | k0       |          | 0        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Starting |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | symbol   |          |          |          |          |
|          | (S)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Length   |          | 12       |          |          |
|          | (L)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PDSCH    |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | agg      |          |          |          |          |
|          | regation |          |          |          |          |
|          | factor   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | Static   |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Resource |          | Type 0   |          |          |
|          | al       |          |          |          |          |
|          | location |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RBG size |          | Config2  |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | Non-int  |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          | erleaved |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | N/A      |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          |          |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | int      |          |          |          |          |
|          | erleaver |          |          |          |          |
|          | bundle   |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | DMRS     |          | Type 1   |          |          |
| DMRS     | Type     |          |          |          |          |
| confi    |          |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | of       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ad       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ditional |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Maximum  |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | number   |          |          |          |          |
|          | of OFDM  |          |          |          |          |
|          | symbols  |          |          |          |          |
|          | for DL   |          |          |          |          |
|          | front    |          |          |          |          |
|          | loaded   |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Number   |          | 8        |          |          |          |
| of HARQ  |          |          |          |          |          |
| P        |          |          |          |          |          |
| rocesses |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| The      |          | Specific |          |          |          |
| number   |          | to each  |          |          |          |
| of slots |          | TDD      |          |          |          |
| between  |          | UL-DL    |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          | pattern  |          |          |          |
| and      |          | and as   |          |          |          |
| corre    |          | defined  |          |          |          |
| sponding |          | in Annex |          |          |          |
| HARQ-ACK |          | A.1.2    |          |          |          |
| inf      |          |          |          |          |          |
| ormation |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Cell 1   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| serving  |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell,    |          |          |          |          |          |
| Cell 2,  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 3 are    |          |          |          |          |          |
| inte     |          |          |          |          |          |
| rference |          |          |          |          |          |
| cells.   |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| Note 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| INR is   |          |          |          |          |          |
| defined  |          |          |          |          |          |
| in Annex |          |          |          |          |          |
| B.6.1    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.2.2.2.16\_1.4-2: Test requirement for PDSCH with rank 1 and with
inter-cell interference

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num   | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       | Cell1 |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 40 /  | 1     | T     | 2x2,  | 70    | 17.4  |
|       | DSCH. | 30    | 6QAM, | DLC30 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 2-2.1 |       | 0.48  | 0-100 | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-2   | R.P   | 40 /  | 1     | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 14.4  |
|       | DSCH. | 30    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 2-2.1 |       | 0.48  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| *     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| *Note |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:**  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1,    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2 and |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3 are |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| depen |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dent. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Bandw |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idth/ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Subca |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spa   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cing, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| P     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tion, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1,    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2 and |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3.    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.2.2.17 2Rx TDD FR1 for PDSCH with intra-cell inter user interference

##### 5.2.2.2.17.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-41 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.17.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.2.2.17.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.17.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.2.17.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                     Test index
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the PDSCH performance under 2 receive antenna conditions when the PDSCH transmission of target UE is interfered by co-scheduled UE   1-1

Table 5.2.2.2.17.0-2: Test parameters

+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
| Parameter    | Unit         | Target UE    | Co-scheduled |      |
|              |              |              | UE           |      |
+==============+==============+==============+==============+======+
| Duplex mode  |              | TDD          |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
| Active DL    |              | 1            |              |      |
| BWP index    |              |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
| PDSCH        | Mapping type |              | Type A       |      |
| c            |              |              |              |      |
| onfiguration |              |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
|              | k0           |              | 0            |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
|              | Starting     |              | 2            |      |
|              | symbol (S)   |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
|              | Length (L)   |              | 12           |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
|              | PDSCH        |              | 1            |      |
|              | aggregation  |              |              |      |
|              | factor       |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
|              | PRB bundling |              | Static       |      |
|              | type         |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
|              | PRB bundling |              | 2            |      |
|              | size         |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
|              | Resource     |              | Type 0       |      |
|              | allocation   |              |              |      |
|              | type         |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
|              | RBG size     |              | Config2      |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
|              | VRB-to-PRB   |              | Non          |      |
|              | mapping type |              | -interleaved |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
|              | VRB-to-PRB   |              | N/A          |      |
|              | mapping      |              |              |      |
|              | interleaver  |              |              |      |
|              | bundle size  |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
| PDSCH DMRS   | DMRS Type    |              | Type 1       |      |
| c            |              |              |              |      |
| onfiguration |              |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
|              | Number of    |              | 1            |      |
|              | additional   |              |              |      |
|              | DMRS         |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
|              | Maximum      |              | 1            |      |
|              | number of    |              |              |      |
|              | OFDM symbols |              |              |      |
|              | for DL front |              |              |      |
|              | loaded DMRS  |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
|              | Antenna      |              | 1000         | 1001 |
|              | ports        |              |              |      |
|              | indexes      |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
|              | Number of    |              | 1            | 1    |
|              | PDSCH DMRS   |              |              |      |
|              | CDM group(s) |              |              |      |
|              | without data |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
| PDSCH &      |              | Single Panel | Single Panel |      |
| PDSCH DMRS   |              | Type I,      | Type I,      |      |
| Precoding    |              | Randomized   | Randomized   |      |
| c            |              | precoder     | precoder     |      |
| onfiguration |              | selection    | selection    |      |
|              |              | for every    | for every    |      |
|              |              | PRB bundle   | PRB bundle   |      |
|              |              | and updated  | and updated  |      |
|              |              | per slot,    | per slot,    |      |
|              |              | with equal   | with equal   |      |
|              |              | probability  | probability  |      |
|              |              | of each      | of each      |      |
|              |              | applicable   | applicable   |      |
|              |              | i1/i2        | i1/i2        |      |
|              |              | combination  | combination  |      |
|              |              | or codebook  | or codebook  |      |
|              |              |              |              |      |
|              |              | Index,       | Index,       |      |
|              |              | chosen from  | chosen from  |      |
|              |              | section      | section      |      |
|              |              | 5.2.2.2.1 of | 5.2.2.2.1 of |      |
|              |              | TS 38.214    | TS 38.214    |      |
|              |              | \[12\].      | \[12\].Any   |      |
|              |              |              | column of    |      |
|              |              |              | precoder     |      |
|              |              |              | matrix is    |      |
|              |              |              | not equal to |      |
|              |              |              | any column   |      |
|              |              |              | of precoder  |      |
|              |              |              | matrix of    |      |
|              |              |              | Target UE    |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
| MU-MIMO      |              | As specified |              |      |
| Beamforming  |              | in B.4.2     |              |      |
| Model        |              |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
| Number of    |              | 8            | N/A          |      |
| HARQ         |              |              |              |      |
| Processes    |              |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
| The number   |              | Specific to  | N/A          |      |
| of slots     |              | each TDD     |              |      |
| between      |              | UL-DL        |              |      |
| PDSCH and    |              | pattern and  |              |      |
| c            |              | as defined   |              |      |
| orresponding |              | in Annex     |              |      |
| HARQ-ACK     |              | A.1.2        |              |      |
| information  |              |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+
| Note 1: The  |              |              |              |      |
| DMRS         |              |              |              |      |
| scrambling   |              |              |              |      |
| ID is same   |              |              |              |      |
| for both     |              |              |              |      |
| target UE    |              |              |              |      |
| and          |              |              |              |      |
| Co-scheduled |              |              |              |      |
| UE.          |              |              |              |      |
+--------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+------+

Table 5.2.2.2.17.0-3: Minimum performance for PDSCH of target UE with
intra-cell inter user interference

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Test num.</th>
<th>Reference channel</th>
<th>Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)</th>
<th>Modulation format and code rate</th>
<th>TDD UL-DL pattern</th>
<th>Propagation condition</th>
<th>Correlation matrix and antenna configuration</th>
<th>Reference value</th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><strong>Target UE</strong></td>
<td><strong>Co-scheduled UE</strong></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><p>Fraction of</p>
<p>maximum</p>
<p>throughput</p>
<p>(%)</p></td>
<td>SNR (dB)</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>1-1</td>
<td><strong>R.PDSCH.2-2.1 TDD</strong></td>
<td>40 / 30</td>
<td>16QAM, 0.48</td>
<td>Random 16QAM symbols</td>
<td>FR1.30-1</td>
<td><strong>TDLC300-100</strong></td>
<td>2x2, ULA Low</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>18.9</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.2.17.

###### 5.2.2.2.17\_1 2Rx TDD FR1 for PDSCH with intra cell inter user interference performance -- 2x2 MIMO for both NSA and SA

##### 5.2.2.2.17\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-48 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance under 2 receive antenna conditions, when
the PDSCH transmission of target UE is interfered by co-scheduled UE.

##### 5.2.2.2.17\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-48 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UEs and E-UTRAN UEs supporting EN-DC
for release 15 and release 16 supporting MMSE-IRC processing for
scenarios with inter-cell and intra-cell inter-user interference.

Test 1-1 applies to all types of release 17 and forward NR UEs and
E-UTRAN UEs supporting EN-DC.

##### 5.2.2.2.17\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-48 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.2.17\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-44 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.2.2.17.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.2.17\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.2.17\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-44 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.2.2.17\_1.4-1. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.2.2.17\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Tables
5.2.2.2.17\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

##### 5.2.2.2.17\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-43 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.2.2.17\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-32 .H6}

No message exceptions for SA

##### 5.2.2.2.17\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-30 .H6}

No message exceptions for NSA

##### 5.2.2.2.17\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-43 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.2.17\_1.4-1: Test requirement for PDSCH of target UE with
intra-cell inter user interference

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Test num.</th>
<th>Reference channel</th>
<th>Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)</th>
<th>Modulation format and code rate</th>
<th>TDD UL-DL pattern</th>
<th>Propagation condition</th>
<th>Correlation matrix and antenna configuration</th>
<th>Reference value</th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><strong>Target UE</strong></td>
<td><strong>Co-scheduled UE</strong></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><p>Fraction of</p>
<p>maximum</p>
<p>throughput</p>
<p>(%)</p></td>
<td>SNR (dB)</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>1-1</td>
<td><strong>R.PDSCH.2-2.1 TDD</strong></td>
<td>40 / 30</td>
<td>16QAM, 0.48</td>
<td>Random 16QAM symbols</td>
<td>FR1.30-1</td>
<td><strong>TDLC300-100</strong></td>
<td>2x2, ULA Low</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>19.8</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

##### 5.2.2.2.18 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH performance for RedCap

##### 5.2.2.2.18.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-49 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance mapping Type A under 2 receive antenna
conditions with different channel models and MCSs for a specified
downlink Reference Measurement Channel (RMC) to achieve a certain
throughput.

##### 5.2.2.2.18.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-49 .H6}

This test case applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward that
support NR RedCap.

##### 5.2.2.2.18.3 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-42 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Tables 5.2.2.2.18.3-3 and
5.2.2.2.18.3-4, with the addition of test parameters in Table
5.2.2.2.18.3-2 and the downlink physical channel setup according to
Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.18.3-1.

Table 5.2.2.2.18.3-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                                                  Test index
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ --------------------
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 2 receive antenna conditions and with different channel models, MCSs and number of MIMO layers for RedCap UEs   1-1, 1-2, 1-3, 2-1

Table 5.2.2.2.18.3-2: Test parameters

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Parameter      | Unit           | Value          |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Duplex mode    |                | TDD            |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Active DL BWP  |                | 1              |                |
| index          |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH          | Mapping type   |                | Type A         |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | k0             |                | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Starting       |                | 2              |
|                | symbol (S)     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Length (L)     |                | Specific to    |
|                |                |                | each Reference |
|                |                |                | channel        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PDSCH          |                | 1              |
|                | aggregation    |                |                |
|                | factor         |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | Static         |
|                | type           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | 4 for Test 1-1 |
|                | size           |                |                |
|                |                |                | 2 for other    |
|                |                |                | tests          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Resource       |                | Type 0         |
|                | allocation     |                |                |
|                | type           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | RBG size       |                | Config2        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N              |
|                | mapping type   |                | on-interleaved |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N/A            |
|                | mapping        |                |                |
|                | interleaver    |                |                |
|                | bundle size    |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH DMRS     | DMRS Type      |                | Type 1         |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Number of      |                | 2 for Test 1-1 |
|                | additional     |                |                |
|                | DMRS           |                | 1 for other    |
|                |                |                | tests          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Maximum number |                | 1              |
|                | of OFDM        |                |                |
|                | symbols for DL |                |                |
|                | front loaded   |                |                |
|                | DMRS           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CSI-RS for     | First OFDM     |                | Table 5.2-1    |
| tracking       | symbol in the  |                |                |
|                | PRB used for   |                |                |
|                | CSI-RS         |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-RS         | Slots          | Table 5.2-1    |
|                | periodicity    |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-RS offset  | Slots          | Table 5.2-1    |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Frequency      |                | Table 5.2-1    |
|                | Occupation     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Number of HARQ |                | 8              |                |
| Processes      |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| The number of  |                | Specific to    |                |
| slots between  |                | each TDD UL-DL |                |
| PDSCH and      |                | pattern and as |                |
| corresponding  |                | defined in     |                |
| HARQ-ACK       |                | Annex A.1.2    |                |
| information    |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.2.2.18.3-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.2-1.5 TDD    20 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-1A           TDLB100-400             2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   0.2
  1-2         R.PDSCH.2-4.2 TDD    20 / 30                                      256QAM, 0.82                      FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   25.3
  1-3         R.PDSCH.2-26.1 TDD   20 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            TDLC300-100             2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   8.1

Table 5.2.2.2.18.3-4: Minimum performance for Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  2-1         R.PDSCH.2-27.1 TDD   20 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.50                       FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   20.1

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.2.18.

##### 5.2.2.2.18.4 Test description {#test-description-49 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.2.18.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-45 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.3 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2A-1 to Table 5.2A-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.2.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.5. Message
contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.2.18.4.3.

##### 5.2.2.2.18.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-45 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.2.2.18.5-1 and 5.2.2.2.18.5-2. The SS
sends downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.2.2.18.5-1 and 5.2.2.2.18.5-2 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G.1.5. Count the number of
NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL and decide pass or fail according to
Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each test points in Tables
5.2.2.2.18.5-1 and 5.2.2.2.18.5-2 as appropriate.

##### 5.2.2.2.18.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-44 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2 with the following exceptions:

Table 5.2.2.2.18.4.3-1: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                                               
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ---------------------------- --------------------------------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                      Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                        
  prb-BundlingType CHOICE {                                                                          
  staticBundling SEQUENCE {                                                                          
  bundleSize                                             n4, n2         n4 for test 1-1              test 1-1
                                                         Not present    n2 will be used by default   test point other than test 1-1
  }                                                                                                  
  }                                                                                                  
  }                                                                                                  

Table 5.2.2.2.18.4.3-2: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Tracking

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-9 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CS              |                 |                 |           |
| I-ResourcePerio |                 |                 |           |
| dicityAndOffset |                 |                 |           |
| ::= CHOICE {    |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| slots40         | 20 (for CSI-RS  | CSI-RS offset:  |           |
|                 | resources 1 and |                 |           |
|                 | 2)              | 20 for CSI-RS   |           |
|                 |                 | resources 1 and |           |
|                 | 21 (for CSI-RS  | 2               |           |
|                 | resources 3 and |                 |           |
|                 | 4)              | 21 for CSI-RS   |           |
|                 |                 | resources 3 and |           |
|                 |                 | 4               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS          |           |
|                 |                 | periodicity: 40 |           |
|                 |                 | slots           |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.2.18.4.3-3: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-25                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                          
  nrofHARQ-ProcessesForPDSCH                             n8                       
  }                                                                               

##### 5.2.2.2.18.5 Test Requirement {#test-requirement-44 .H6}

Tables 5.2.2.2.18.5-1 and 5.2.2.2.18.5-2 define the primary level
settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.2 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Tables 5.2.2.2.18.5-1 and
5.2.2.2.18.5-2 for the specified SNR including test tolerances for all
throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.2.18.5-1: Test Requirements for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.2-1.5 TDD    20 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-1A           TDLB100-400             2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   1.1
  1-2         R.PDSCH.2-4.2 TDD    20 / 30                                      256QAM, 0.82                      FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   26.3
  1-3         R.PDSCH.2-26.1 TDD   20 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            TDLC300-100             2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.0

Table 5.2.2.2.18.5-2: Test Requirements for Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  2-1         R.PDSCH.2-27.1 TDD   20 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.50                       FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   21.1

##### 5.2.2.2.19 2Rx TDD FR1 for PDSCH CRS interference mitigation under NR-LTE coexistence scenario

##### 5.2.2.2.19.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-43 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.19.0-4, with
the addition of test parameters in Tables 5.2.2.2.19.0-2 and
5.2.2.2.19.0-3 and the downlink physical channel setup according to
Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.19.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.2.19.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                          Test index
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------
  Verify PDSCH CRS interference mitigation performance under 2 receive antenna conditions with CRS rate matching configured for the serving cell   1-1

Table 5.2.2.2.19.0-2: Tests parameters for serving cell PDSCH

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Parameter      | Unit           | Value          |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Duplex mode    |                | TDD            |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Active DL BWP  |                | 1              |                |
| index          |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH          | Mapping type   |                | Type A         |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | k0             |                | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Starting       |                | 3              |
|                | symbol (S)     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Length (L)     |                | 9              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PDSCH          |                | 1              |
|                | aggregation    |                |                |
|                | factor         |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | Static         |
|                | type           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | 2              |
|                | size           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Resource       |                | Type 0         |
|                | allocation     |                |                |
|                | type           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | RBG size       |                | Config2        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N              |
|                | mapping type   |                | on-interleaved |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N/A            |
|                | mapping        |                |                |
|                | interleaver    |                |                |
|                | bundle size    |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH DMRS     | DMRS Type      |                | Type 1         |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Number of      |                | 1              |
|                | additional     |                |                |
|                | DMRS           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Maximum number |                | 1              |
|                | of OFDM        |                |                |
|                | symbols for DL |                |                |
|                | front loaded   |                |                |
|                | DMRS           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CRS for rate   | LTE carrier    |                | Same as NR     |
|                | centre         |                | carrier centre |
| Matching (Note | subcarrier     |                | subcarrier     |
| 1)             | location       |                | location       |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | LTE carrier BW | Hz             | 20             |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Number of      |                | 4              |
|                | antenna ports  |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | v-shift        |                | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Number of HARQ |                | 8              |                |
| Processes      |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| The number of  |                | Specific to    |                |
| slots between  |                | each TDD UL-DL |                |
| PDSCH and      |                | pattern and as |                |
| corresponding  |                | defined in     |                |
| HARQ-ACK       |                | Annex A.1.2    |                |
| information    |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Note 1: No     |                |                |                |
| MBSFN is       |                |                |                |
| configured on  |                |                |                |
| LTE carrier.   |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| Note 2:        |                |                |                |
| Network-based  |                |                |                |
| CRS            |                |                |                |
| interference   |                |                |                |
| mitigation is  |                |                |                |
| disabled on    |                |                |                |
| LTE carrier    |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.2.2.19.0-3: Tests parameter for interference cells

+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Parameter     | Unit          | Cell 1        | Cell 2        |    |
+===============+===============+===============+===============+====+
| Duplex mode   |               | TDD           | TDD           |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| TDD UL-DL     |               | DSUDDDSUDD    | DSUDDDSUDD    |    |
| pattern       |               |               |               |    |
|               |               | S = 10D + 2G  | S = 10D + 2G  |    |
|               |               | + 2U          | + 2U          |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| INR (Note 1)  | dB            | 10.45         | 4.6           |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| LTE Bandwidth | MHz           | 20            | 20            |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Carrier       |               | Same as the   | Same as the   |    |
| centre        |               | NR serving    | NR serving    |    |
| subcarrier    |               | carrier       | carrier       |    |
| location      |               | centre        | centre        |    |
|               |               | subcarrier    | subcarrier    |    |
|               |               | location      | location      |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Cyclic Prefix |               | Normal        | Normal        |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Physical cell |               | 1             | 2             |    |
| ID            |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| CRS pattern   | Number of     |               | 4             | 4  |
|               | antenna ports |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               | v-shift       |               | 1             | 2  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Downlink      |               | dB            | -6            | -6 |
| power         |               |               |               |    |
| allocation    |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               |               | dB            | -6            | -6 |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               | σ             | dB            | 0             | 0  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| PDSCH         |               | TM4           | TM4           |    |
| transmission  |               |               |               |    |
| mode          |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| PDSCH loading | \%            | 20%           | 20%           |    |
| level         |               | probability   | probability   |    |
|               |               | of occurrence | of occurrence |    |
|               |               | of LTE data   | of LTE data   |    |
|               |               | transmission  | transmission  |    |
|               |               | in time       | in time       |    |
|               |               | domain, and   | domain, and   |    |
|               |               | full          | full          |    |
|               |               | bandwidth     | bandwidth     |    |
|               |               | allocation in | allocation in |    |
|               |               | frequency     | frequency     |    |
|               |               | domain.       | domain.       |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Transmission  | \%            | 80% and 20%   | 80% and 20%   |    |
| rank          |               | probability   | probability   |    |
|               |               | for rank 1    | for rank 1    |    |
|               |               | and rank 2    | and rank 2    |    |
|               |               | respectively  | respectively  |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Interference  |               | As specified  | As specified  |    |
| model         |               | in clause B.7 | in clause B.7 |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Time offset   | us            | 3             | -1            |    |
| to the        |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Frequency     | Hz            | 300           | -100          |    |
| offset to the |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Propagation   |               | TDLA30-10 ULA | TDLA30-10 ULA |    |
| conditions    |               | Low           | Low           |    |
| and MIMO      |               |               |               |    |
| configuration |               |               |               |    |
| (Note 2)      |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Precoding     | PRB           | 8             | 8             |    |
| granularity   |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Note 1:       |               |               |               |    |
| Defined in    |               |               |               |    |
| B.6.1         |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 2: The   |               |               |               |    |
| channel for   |               |               |               |    |
| the LTE       |               |               |               |    |
| interference  |               |               |               |    |
| cells and the |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
| are           |               |               |               |    |
| independent.  |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+

Table 5.2.2.2.19.0-4: Minimum performance for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 20 /  | 1     | FR1   | TDLA  | 4x2,  | 70    | 12.5  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | .15-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-1.3 |       | 0.48  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.2.19.

##### 5.2.2.2.19\_1 2Rx TDD FR1 for PDSCH CRS interference mitigation under NR-LTE coexistence scenario -- 4x2 MIMO for both NSA and SA

##### 5.2.2.2.19\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-50 .H6}

To verify PDSCH CRS interference mitigation performance under 2 receive
antenna conditions with CRS rate matching configured for the serving
cell.

##### 5.2.2.2.19\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-50 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward that
support *CRS-IM-DSS-15kHzSCS-r17.*

##### 5.2.2.2.19\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-50 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.2.19\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-46 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Tables 5.2.2.2.19.0-2 and 5.2.2.2.19.0-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.2.19\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.2.2.19\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-46 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.2.2.19\_1.4-2. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.2.2.19\_1.4-2 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Table 5.2.2.2.19\_1.4-2
as appropriate.

##### 5.2.2.2.19\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-45 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.2.2.19\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-33 .H6}

As defined in clause 5.4.2 of TS 38.508-1 \[6\] with the following
exceptions:

Table 5.2.2.2.19\_1.3.3\_1-1: ServingCellConfigCommon

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-2                                       
  ----------------------------------------------------- ------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark              Comment   Condition
  ServingCellConfigCommon ::= SEQUENCE {                                                    
  dmrs-TypeA-Position                                   pos3                                
  lte-CRS-ToMatchAround                                 RateMatchPatternLTE-CRS             
  }                                                                                         

Table 5.2.2.2.19\_1.3.3\_1-2: RateMatchPatternLTE-CRS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-28                                                             
  ------------------------------------------------------ ----------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark                                    Comment   Condition
  RateMatchPatternLTE-CRS ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                           
  carrierFreqDL                                          Same as NR carrier centre subcarrier location             
  carrierBandwidthDL                                     n100                                            20MHz     
  mbsfn-SubframeConfigList                               Not present                                               
  nrofCRS-Ports                                          n4                                                        
  v-Shift                                                n0                                                        
  }                                                                                                                

##### 5.2.2.2.19\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-31 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.2.19\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.2.2.19\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-45 .H6}

Tables 5.2.2.2.19\_1.4-1 and 5.2.2.2.19\_1.4-2 define the primary level
settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.2.19\_1.4-2 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.2.19\_1.4-1: Tests parameter for interference cells

+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Parameter     | Unit          | Cell 1        | Cell 2        |    |
+===============+===============+===============+===============+====+
| Duplex mode   |               | TDD           | TDD           |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| TDD UL-DL     |               | DSUDDDSUDD    | DSUDDDSUDD    |    |
| pattern       |               |               |               |    |
|               |               | S = 10D + 2G  | S = 10D + 2G  |    |
|               |               | + 2U          | + 2U          |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| INR (Note 1)  | dB            | 11.25         | 5.4           |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| LTE Bandwidth | MHz           | 20            | 20            |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Carrier       |               | Same as the   | Same as the   |    |
| centre        |               | NR serving    | NR serving    |    |
| subcarrier    |               | carrier       | carrier       |    |
| location      |               | centre        | centre        |    |
|               |               | subcarrier    | subcarrier    |    |
|               |               | location      | location      |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Cyclic Prefix |               | Normal        | Normal        |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Physical cell |               | 1             | 2             |    |
| ID            |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| CRS pattern   | Number of     |               | 4             | 4  |
|               | antenna ports |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               | v-shift       |               | 1             | 2  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Downlink      |               | dB            | -6            | -6 |
| power         |               |               |               |    |
| allocation    |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               |               | dB            | -6            | -6 |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               | σ             | dB            | 0             | 0  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| PDSCH         |               | TM4           | TM4           |    |
| transmission  |               |               |               |    |
| mode          |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| PDSCH loading | \%            | 20%           | 20%           |    |
| level         |               | probability   | probability   |    |
|               |               | of occurrence | of occurrence |    |
|               |               | of LTE data   | of LTE data   |    |
|               |               | transmission  | transmission  |    |
|               |               | in time       | in time       |    |
|               |               | domain, and   | domain, and   |    |
|               |               | full          | full          |    |
|               |               | bandwidth     | bandwidth     |    |
|               |               | allocation in | allocation in |    |
|               |               | frequency     | frequency     |    |
|               |               | domain.       | domain.       |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Transmission  | \%            | 80% and 20%   | 80% and 20%   |    |
| rank          |               | probability   | probability   |    |
|               |               | for rank 1    | for rank 1    |    |
|               |               | and rank 2    | and rank 2    |    |
|               |               | respectively  | respectively  |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Interference  |               | As specified  | As specified  |    |
| model         |               | in clause B.7 | in clause B.7 |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Time offset   | us            | 3             | -1            |    |
| to the        |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Frequency     | Hz            | 300           | -100          |    |
| offset to the |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Propagation   |               | TDLA30-10 ULA | TDLA30-10 ULA |    |
| conditions    |               | Low           | Low           |    |
| and MIMO      |               |               |               |    |
| configuration |               |               |               |    |
| (Note 2)      |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Precoding     | PRB           | 8             | 8             |    |
| granularity   |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Note 1:       |               |               |               |    |
| Defined in    |               |               |               |    |
| B.6.1         |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 2: The   |               |               |               |    |
| channel for   |               |               |               |    |
| the LTE       |               |               |               |    |
| interference  |               |               |               |    |
| cells and the |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
| are           |               |               |               |    |
| independent.  |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+

Table 5.2.2.2.19\_1.4-2: Test requirement for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 20 /  | 1     | FR1   | TDLA  | 4x2,  | 70    | 14.3  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | .15-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-1.3 |       | 0.48  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.2.2.20 2Rx TDD FR1 for PDSCH with inter cell CRS interference

##### 5.2.2.2.20.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-44 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Tables 5.2.2.2.20.0-4 and
5.2.2.2.20.0-6, with the addition of test parameters in Tables
5.2.2.2.20.0-2 and 5.2.2.2.20.0-3 and the downlink physical channel
setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The requirements for UE capable of performing CRS-IM with the assistance
of network signalling on LTE channel bandwidth are specified in Table
5.2.2.2.20.0-4.

The requirements for UE capable of performing CRS-IM without the
assistance of network signalling on LTE channel bandwidth are specified
in Table 5.2.2.2.20.0-6.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.20.0-1.

Table 5.2.2.2.20.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                         Test index
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------
  Verify PDSCH performance under 2 receive antenna conditions when PDSCH is interfered by inter cell CRS signal   1-1, 1-2, 2-1, 2-2

Table 5.2.2.2.20.0-2: Tests parameters for serving cell PDSCH

  Parameter                                                                  Unit                                                      Value                                                              
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------ -----------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                          TDD                                                                
  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                  1                                                                  
  PDSCH configuration                                                        Mapping type                                                                                                                 Type A
                                                                             k0                                                                                                                           0
                                                                             Starting symbol (S)                                                                                                          2
                                                                             Length (L)                                                                                                                   12
                                                                             PDSCH aggregation factor                                                                                                     1
                                                                             PRB bundling type                                                                                                            Static
                                                                             PRB bundling size                                                                                                            2
                                                                             Resource allocation type                                                                                                     Type 0
                                                                             RBG size                                                                                                                     Config2
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                                                                                      Non-interleaved
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                                                                                   N/A
  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                   DMRS Type                                                                                                                    Type 1
                                                                             Number of additional DMRS                                                                                                    1
                                                                             Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS                                                                      1
  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                             8                                                                  
  The number of slots between PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             Specific to each TDD UL-DL pattern and as defined in Annex A.1.2   

Table 5.2.2.2.20.0-3: Tests parameter for interference cells

+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Parameter     | Unit          | Cell 1        | Cell 2        |    |
+===============+===============+===============+===============+====+
| Duplex mode   |               | TDD           | TDD           |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| TDD UL-DL     |               | DSUDDDSUDD    | DSUDDDSUDD    |    |
| pattern       |               |               |               |    |
|               |               | S = 10D + 2G  | S = 10D + 2G  |    |
|               |               | + 2U          | + 2U          |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| INR (Note 5)  | dB            | 10.45         | 4.6           |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| LTE Bandwidth | MHz           | 20            | 20            |    |
| (Note 6)      |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Carrier       |               | Same as the   | Same as the   |    |
| centre        |               | NR serving    | NR serving    |    |
| subcarrier    |               | carrier       | carrier       |    |
| location      |               | centre        | centre        |    |
| (Note 7)      |               | subcarrier    | subcarrier    |    |
|               |               | location      | location      |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Cyclic Prefix |               | Normal        | Normal        |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Physical cell |               | 1             | 2             |    |
| ID            |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| CRS pattern   | Number of     |               | 4             | 4  |
|               | antenna ports |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               | v-shift       |               | 1             | 2  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Downlink      |               | dB            | -6            | -6 |
| power         |               |               |               |    |
| allocation    |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               |               | dB            | -6            | -6 |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               | σ             | dB            | 0             | 0  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| PDSCH         |               | TM4           | TM4           |    |
| transmission  |               |               |               |    |
| mode          |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| PDSCH loading | \%            | 20%           | 20%           |    |
| level         |               | probability   | probability   |    |
|               |               | of occurrence | of occurrence |    |
|               |               | of LTE data   | of LTE data   |    |
|               |               | transmission  | transmission  |    |
|               |               | in time       | in time       |    |
|               |               | domain, and   | domain, and   |    |
|               |               | full          | full          |    |
|               |               | bandwidth     | bandwidth     |    |
|               |               | allocation in | allocation in |    |
|               |               | frequency     | frequency     |    |
|               |               | domain for    | domain for    |    |
|               |               | test 1-1.     | test 1-1.     |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
|               |               | 10%           | 10%           |    |
|               |               | probability   | probability   |    |
|               |               | of occurrence | of occurrence |    |
|               |               | of LTE data   | of LTE data   |    |
|               |               | transmission  | transmission  |    |
|               |               | in time       | in time       |    |
|               |               | domain, and   | domain, and   |    |
|               |               | full          | full          |    |
|               |               | bandwidth     | bandwidth     |    |
|               |               | allocation in | allocation in |    |
|               |               | frequency     | frequency     |    |
|               |               | domain for    | domain for    |    |
|               |               | test 1-2.     | test 1-2.     |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Transmission  | \%            | 80% and 20%   | 80% and 20%   |    |
| rank          |               | probability   | probability   |    |
|               |               | for rank 1    | for rank 1    |    |
|               |               | and rank 2    | and rank 2    |    |
|               |               | respectively  | respectively  |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Interference  |               | As specified  | As specified  |    |
| model         |               | in clause B.7 | in clause B.7 |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Time offset   | us            | 3 for test    | -1 for test   |    |
| to the        |               | 1-1           | 1-1           |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
|               |               | 1.5 for test  | -0.5 for test |    |
|               |               | 1-2           | 1-2           |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Frequency     | Hz            | 300           | -100          |    |
| offset to the |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Propagation   |               | TDLA30-10 ULA | TDLA30-10 ULA |    |
| conditions    |               | Low           | Low           |    |
| and MIMO      |               |               |               |    |
| configuration |               |               |               |    |
| (Note 1)      |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Precoding     | PRB           | 8             | 8             |    |
| granularity   |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Note 1: The   |               |               |               |    |
| channel for   |               |               |               |    |
| the LTE       |               |               |               |    |
| interference  |               |               |               |    |
| cells and the |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
| are           |               |               |               |    |
| independent.  |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 2: No    |               |               |               |    |
| MBSFN is      |               |               |               |    |
| configured on |               |               |               |    |
| LTE carrier.  |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 3:       |               |               |               |    |
| Network-based |               |               |               |    |
| CRS           |               |               |               |    |
| interference  |               |               |               |    |
| mitigation is |               |               |               |    |
| disabled on   |               |               |               |    |
| LTE carrier.  |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 4: The   |               |               |               |    |
| start of      |               |               |               |    |
| transmission  |               |               |               |    |
| of LTE frame  |               |               |               |    |
| is delayed by |               |               |               |    |
| 2 LTE         |               |               |               |    |
| subframes     |               |               |               |    |
| with respect  |               |               |               |    |
| to the start  |               |               |               |    |
| of            |               |               |               |    |
| transmission  |               |               |               |    |
| of NR frame   |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 5:       |               |               |               |    |
| Defined in    |               |               |               |    |
| B.6.1         |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 6: This  |               |               |               |    |
| parameter is  |               |               |               |    |
| informed to   |               |               |               |    |
| UE via        |               |               |               |    |
| network       |               |               |               |    |
| assistance    |               |               |               |    |
| signalling    |               |               |               |    |
| for Test 1-1  |               |               |               |    |
| and 1-2 in    |               |               |               |    |
| Table         |               |               |               |    |
| 5.            |               |               |               |    |
| 2.2.2.20.0-4. |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 7 Single |               |               |               |    |
| entry is      |               |               |               |    |
| included in   |               |               |               |    |
| IE            |               |               |               |    |
| *LTE-NeighCe  |               |               |               |    |
| llsCRS-Assist |               |               |               |    |
| InfoList-r17* |               |               |               |    |
| that applies  |               |               |               |    |
| for both      |               |               |               |    |
| cells for     |               |               |               |    |
| cases with    |               |               |               |    |
| network       |               |               |               |    |
| signalling    |               |               |               |    |
| assistance    |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+

Table 5.2.2.2.20.0-4: Minimum performance for Rank 1 with the assistance
of network signalling on LTE channel bandwidth

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 20 /  | 1     | FR1   | TDLA  | 4x2,  | 70    | 12.3  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | .15-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-4.1 |       | 0.48  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-2   | R.PD  | 20 /  | 1     | FR1   | TDLA  | 4x2,  | 70    | 11.7  |
|       | SCH.2 | 30    | 6QAM, | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | -28.1 |       | 0.48  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 5.2.2.2.20.0-5: Measurement Gap configurations

  Parameter                                  Unit   Value
  ------------------------------------------ ------ -------
  Measurement Gap Length (mgl)               ms     6
  Measurement Gap Repetition Period (mgrp)   ms     40
  Gap offset (gapoffset)                     ms     1
  Measurement gap timing advance (mgta)      ms     0

Table 5.2.2.2.20.0-6: Minimum performance for Rank 1 without the
assistance of network signalling on LTE channel bandwidth

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 2-1   | R.P   | 20 /  | 1     | FR1   | TDLA  | 4x2,  | 70    | 12.3  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | .15-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-4.2 |       | 0.48  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 2-2   | R.PD  | 20 /  | 1     | FR1   | TDLA  | 4x2,  | 70    | 11.7  |
|       | SCH.2 | 30    | 6QAM, | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | -29.1 |       | 0.48  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.2.20.

##### 5.2.2.2.20\_1 2Rx TDD FR1 for PDSCH with inter cell CRS interference scenario -- 4x2 MIMO for both NSA and SA

##### 5.2.2.2.20\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-51 .H6}

To verify PDSCH performance under 2 receive antenna conditions when
PDSCH is interfered by inter cell CRS signal.

##### 5.2.2.2.20\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-51 .H6}

Tests 2-1 and 2-2 apply to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward
that support *CRS-IM-nonDSS-15kHzSCS-r17 or crs-IM-nonDSS-30kHzSCS-r17.*

Tests 1-1 and 1-2 apply to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward
that support *CRS-IM-nonDSS-NWA-15kHzSCS-r17 or*
crs*-IM-nonDSS-NWA-30kHzSCS-r17.*

##### 5.2.2.2.20\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-51 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.2.20\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-47 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.8
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Tables 5.2.2.2.20.0-2 and 5.2.2.2.20\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.2.20\_1.3.3.

6\. For UE capable of performing CRS-IM without the assistance of
network signalling on LTE channel bandwidth, ensure the network
configures an inter-RAT LTE measurement object of the interfering cells
to the tested UE. Inter-RAT measurement is configured at the beginning
of the test and applied throughout the test with gap pattern
configurations according to Table 5.2.2.2.20.0-5. PDSCH is not
scheduled, and throughput is not counted during 4.64s after the
beginning of test. PDSCH is not scheduled in the measurement gaps.

##### 5.2.2.2.20\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-47 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.2.2.20\_1.4-2 and 5.2.2.2.20\_1.4-3
as appropriate. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.2.2.20\_1.4-2 and 5.2.2.2.20\_1.4-3 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Tables
5.2.2.2.20\_1.4-2 and 5.2.2.2.20\_1.4-3 as appropriate.

##### 5.2.2.2.20\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-46 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.2.2.20\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-34 .H6}

As defined in clause 4.6.3 of TS 38.508-1 \[6\] with the following
exceptions:

Table 5.2.2.2.20\_1.3.3\_1-1: *LTE-NeighCellsCRS-AssistInfoList*

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-67A                                                                                                         
  Information Element                                                                                                                Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  LTE-NeighCellsCRS-AssistInfoList-r17 ::= SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxNrofCRS-IM-InterfCell-r17)) OF LTE-NeighCellsCRS-AssistInfo-r17 {   1 entry                  Tests 1-1 and 1-2
  LTE-NeighCellsCRS-AssistInfo-r17\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                            
  neighCarrierBandwidthDL-r17                                                                                                        n100                     
  neighNrofCRS-Ports-r17                                                                                                             n4                       
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -------------------

Table 5.2.2.2.20\_1.3.3\_1-2: *MeasGapConfig*

  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-70                            
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  MeasGapConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                  Tests 2-1 and 2-2
  gapUE CHOICE {                                                                
  setup SEQUENCE {                                                              
  gapOffset                                            1                        
  mgl                                                  ms6                      
  mgrp                                                 ms40                     
  mgta                                                 ms0                      
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -------------------

##### 5.2.2.2.20\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-32 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.2.20\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.2.2.20\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-46 .H6}

Tables 5.2.2.2.20\_1.4-1, 5.2.2.2.20\_1.4-2 and 5.2.2.2.20\_1.4-3 define
the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Tables 5.2.2.2.20\_1.4-2 and
Tables 5.2.2.2.20\_1.4-3 for the specified SNR including test tolerances
for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.2.20\_1.4-1: Tests parameter for interference cells

+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Parameter     | Unit          | Cell 1        | Cell 2        |    |
+===============+===============+===============+===============+====+
| Duplex mode   |               | TDD           | TDD           |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| TDD UL-DL     |               | DSUDDDSUDD    | DSUDDDSUDD    |    |
| pattern       |               |               |               |    |
|               |               | S = 10D + 2G  | S = 10D + 2G  |    |
|               |               | + 2U          | + 2U          |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| INR (Note 5)  | dB            | 11.25         | 5.4           |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| LTE Bandwidth | MHz           | 20            | 20            |    |
| (Note 6)      |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Carrier       |               | Same as the   | Same as the   |    |
| centre        |               | NR serving    | NR serving    |    |
| subcarrier    |               | carrier       | carrier       |    |
| location      |               | centre        | centre        |    |
| (Note 7)      |               | subcarrier    | subcarrier    |    |
|               |               | location      | location      |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Cyclic Prefix |               | Normal        | Normal        |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Physical cell |               | 1             | 2             |    |
| ID            |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| CRS pattern   | Number of     |               | 4             | 4  |
|               | antenna ports |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               | v-shift       |               | 1             | 2  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Downlink      |               | dB            | -6            | -6 |
| power         |               |               |               |    |
| allocation    |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               |               | dB            | -6            | -6 |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               | σ             | dB            | 0             | 0  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| PDSCH         |               | TM4           | TM4           |    |
| transmission  |               |               |               |    |
| mode          |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| PDSCH loading | \%            | 20%           | 20%           |    |
| level         |               | probability   | probability   |    |
|               |               | of occurrence | of occurrence |    |
|               |               | of LTE data   | of LTE data   |    |
|               |               | transmission  | transmission  |    |
|               |               | in time       | in time       |    |
|               |               | domain, and   | domain, and   |    |
|               |               | full          | full          |    |
|               |               | bandwidth     | bandwidth     |    |
|               |               | allocation in | allocation in |    |
|               |               | frequency     | frequency     |    |
|               |               | domain for    | domain for    |    |
|               |               | test 1-1.     | test 1-1.     |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
|               |               | 10%           | 10%           |    |
|               |               | probability   | probability   |    |
|               |               | of occurrence | of occurrence |    |
|               |               | of LTE data   | of LTE data   |    |
|               |               | transmission  | transmission  |    |
|               |               | in time       | in time       |    |
|               |               | domain, and   | domain, and   |    |
|               |               | full          | full          |    |
|               |               | bandwidth     | bandwidth     |    |
|               |               | allocation in | allocation in |    |
|               |               | frequency     | frequency     |    |
|               |               | domain for    | domain for    |    |
|               |               | test 1-2.     | test 1-2.     |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Transmission  | \%            | 80% and 20%   | 80% and 20%   |    |
| rank          |               | probability   | probability   |    |
|               |               | for rank 1    | for rank 1    |    |
|               |               | and rank 2    | and rank 2    |    |
|               |               | respectively  | respectively  |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Interference  |               | As specified  | As specified  |    |
| model         |               | in clause B.7 | in clause B.7 |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Time offset   | us            | 3 for test    | -1 for test   |    |
| to the        |               | 1-1           | 1-1           |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
|               |               | 1.5 for test  | -0.5 for test |    |
|               |               | 1-2           | 1-2           |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Frequency     | Hz            | 300           | -100          |    |
| offset to the |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Propagation   |               | TDLA30-10 ULA | TDLA30-10 ULA |    |
| conditions    |               | Low           | Low           |    |
| and MIMO      |               |               |               |    |
| configuration |               |               |               |    |
| (Note 1)      |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Precoding     | PRB           | 8             | 8             |    |
| granularity   |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Note 1: The   |               |               |               |    |
| channel for   |               |               |               |    |
| the LTE       |               |               |               |    |
| interference  |               |               |               |    |
| cells and the |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
| are           |               |               |               |    |
| independent.  |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 2: No    |               |               |               |    |
| MBSFN is      |               |               |               |    |
| configured on |               |               |               |    |
| LTE carrier.  |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 3:       |               |               |               |    |
| Network-based |               |               |               |    |
| CRS           |               |               |               |    |
| interference  |               |               |               |    |
| mitigation is |               |               |               |    |
| disabled on   |               |               |               |    |
| LTE carrier.  |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 4: The   |               |               |               |    |
| start of      |               |               |               |    |
| transmission  |               |               |               |    |
| of LTE frame  |               |               |               |    |
| is delayed by |               |               |               |    |
| 2 LTE         |               |               |               |    |
| subframes     |               |               |               |    |
| with respect  |               |               |               |    |
| to the start  |               |               |               |    |
| of            |               |               |               |    |
| transmission  |               |               |               |    |
| of NR frame   |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 5:       |               |               |               |    |
| Defined in    |               |               |               |    |
| B.6.1         |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 6: This  |               |               |               |    |
| parameter is  |               |               |               |    |
| informed to   |               |               |               |    |
| UE via        |               |               |               |    |
| network       |               |               |               |    |
| assistance    |               |               |               |    |
| signalling    |               |               |               |    |
| for Test 1-1  |               |               |               |    |
| and 1-2 in    |               |               |               |    |
| Table         |               |               |               |    |
| 5.            |               |               |               |    |
| 2.2.2.20.0-4. |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 7 Single |               |               |               |    |
| entry is      |               |               |               |    |
| included in   |               |               |               |    |
| IE            |               |               |               |    |
| *LTE-NeighCe  |               |               |               |    |
| llsCRS-Assist |               |               |               |    |
| InfoList-r17* |               |               |               |    |
| that applies  |               |               |               |    |
| for both      |               |               |               |    |
| cells for     |               |               |               |    |
| cases with    |               |               |               |    |
| network       |               |               |               |    |
| signalling    |               |               |               |    |
| assistance    |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+

Table 5.2.2.2.20\_1.4-2: Test requirement for Rank 1 with the assistance
of network signalling on LTE channel bandwidth

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 20 /  | 1     | FR1   | TDLA  | 4x2,  | 70    | 14.1  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | .15-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-4.1 |       | 0.48  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-2   | R.PD  | 20 /  | 1     | FR1   | TDLA  | 4x2,  | 70    | 13.5  |
|       | SCH.2 | 30    | 6QAM, | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | -28.1 |       | 0.48  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 5.2.2.2.20\_1.4-3: Test requirement for Rank 1 without the
assistance of network signalling on LTE channel bandwidth

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 2-1   | R.P   | 20 /  | 1     | FR1   | TDLA  | 4x2,  | 70    | 14.1  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | .15-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-4.2 |       | 0.48  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 2-2   | R.PD  | 20 /  | 1     | FR1   | TDLA  | 4x2,  | 70    | 13.5  |
|       | SCH.2 | 30    | 6QAM, | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | -29.1 |       | 0.48  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.2.2.21 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH HST-SFN Scheme A performance - 2x2 MIMO for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.2.2.21.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-52 .H6}

To verify the UE performance in the HST-SFN Scheme A scenario.

##### 5.2.2.2.21.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-52 .H6}

This test case applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward that
support SFN scheme A for PDCCH scheduling SFN Scheme A PDSCH.

##### 5.2.2.2.21.3 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-45 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.21.3-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.2.2.21.3-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.21.3-1.

**Table 5.2.2.2.21.3-1: Tests purpose**

  **Purpose**                                                               **Test index**
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------
  Verify UE performance in the HST-SFN Scheme A scenario defined in B.3.5   1-1

**Table 5.2.2.2.21.3-2: Test parameters**

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| **          | **Unit**    | **Value**   |             |             |
| Parameter** |             |             |             |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| Duplex mode |             | TDD         |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Active DL   |             | 1           |             |             |
| BWP index   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDCCH       | TCI state   |             | Note 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH       | Mapping     |             | Type A      |             |
| co          | type        |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | k0          |             | 0           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Starting    |             | 2           |             |
|             | symbol (S)  |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Length (L)  |             | 12          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PDSCH       |             | 1           |             |
|             | aggregation |             |             |             |
|             | factor      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | Static      |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | 2           |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | size        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    |             | Type 0      |             |
|             | allocation  |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | RBG size    |             | Config2     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | Non-        |             |
|             | mapping     |             | interleaved |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | N/A         |             |
|             | mapping     |             |             |             |
|             | interleaver |             |             |             |
|             | bundle size |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | TCI state   |             | Note 1      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH DMRS  | DMRS Type   |             | Type 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 2           |             |
|             | additional  |             |             |             |
|             | DMRS        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Maximum     |             | 1           |             |
|             | number of   |             |             |             |
|             | OFDM        |             |             |             |
|             | symbols for |             |             |             |
|             | DL front    |             |             |             |
|             | loaded DMRS |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CSI-RS for  | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 5    |
| tracking    | set \#1     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 1  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 3       |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 9    |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 2  |
|             |             |             |             | and 4       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 1,2,3,4.    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | and 2\      |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 3  |
|             |             |             |             | and 4       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#3         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 6    |
|             | set \#2     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 5  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 7       |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 10   |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 6  |
|             |             |             |             | and 8       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 5,6,7,8.    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 5  |
|             |             |             |             | and 6\      |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 7  |
|             |             |             |             | and 8       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#4         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 4    |
|             | set \#3     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 9  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 11      |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 8    |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 10 |
|             |             |             |             | and 12      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 9,10,11,12. |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 9  |
|             |             |             |             | and 10\     |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 11 |
|             |             |             |             | and 12      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#5         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NZP CSI-RS  | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 12   |
| for CSI     | set \#4     | symbol in   |             |             |
| acquisition |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 40          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#0         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 13   |
|             | set \#5     | symbol in   |             |             |
|             |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 40          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#1         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 7    |
|             | set \#6     | symbol in   |             |             |
|             |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 40          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#2         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#0         | information | resource    |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#1\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#1         | information | resource    |             | resource 5  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#2\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#2         | information | resource    |             | resource 9  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#3\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#0     |
| \#3         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#1     |
| \#4         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#2     |
| \#5         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Number of   |             | 8           |             |             |
| HARQ        |             |             |             |             |
| Processes   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| The number  |             | Specific to |             |             |
| of slots    |             | each TDD    |             |             |
| between     |             | UL-DL       |             |             |
| PDSCH and   |             | pattern and |             |             |
| co          |             | as defined  |             |             |
| rresponding |             | in Annex    |             |             |
| HARQ-ACK    |             | A.1.2       |             |             |
| information |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Note 1: SSB |             |             |             |             |
| \# (k mod   |             |             |             |             |
| 3), CSI-RS  |             |             |             |             |
| (for        |             |             |             |             |
| tracking)   |             |             |             |             |
| resource    |             |             |             |             |
| set \# ((k  |             |             |             |             |
| mod 3) + 1) |             |             |             |             |
| and CSI-RS  |             |             |             |             |
| (for CSI    |             |             |             |             |
| a           |             |             |             |             |
| cquisition) |             |             |             |             |
| resource    |             |             |             |             |
| set \# ((k  |             |             |             |             |
| mod 3) + 4) |             |             |             |             |
| are         |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| by k^th^    |             |             |             |             |
| RRH.        |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| Codepoint   |             |             |             |             |
| \#0 is      |             |             |             |             |
| activated   |             |             |             |             |
| when UE     |             |             |             |             |
| receives    |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH/PDSCH |             |             |             |             |
| from        |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k and |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+1   |             |             |             |             |
| with TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| States TCI  |             |             |             |             |
| state \#0,  |             |             |             |             |
| TCI State   |             |             |             |             |
| \#1.        |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| Codepoint   |             |             |             |             |
| \#1 is      |             |             |             |             |
| activated   |             |             |             |             |
| when UE     |             |             |             |             |
| receives    |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH/PDSCH |             |             |             |             |
| from        |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+1   |             |             |             |             |
| and         |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+2   |             |             |             |             |
| with TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| States TCI  |             |             |             |             |
| state \#1,  |             |             |             |             |
| TCI State   |             |             |             |             |
| \#2.        |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| Codepoint   |             |             |             |             |
| \#2 is      |             |             |             |             |
| activated   |             |             |             |             |
| when UE     |             |             |             |             |
| receives    |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH/PDSCH |             |             |             |             |
| from        |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+2   |             |             |             |             |
| and         |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+3   |             |             |             |             |
| with TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| States TCI  |             |             |             |             |
| state \#2,  |             |             |             |             |
| TCI State   |             |             |             |             |
| \#0.        |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

**Table 5.2.2.2.21.3-3: Minimum performance for HST-SFN Scheme A**

  **Test num.**   **Reference channel**   **Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)**   **Modulation format and code rate**   **TDD UL-DL pattern**   **Propagation condition**   **Correlation matrix and antenna configuration**   **Reference value**                      
  --------------- ----------------------- ------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------- ----------------------- --------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- --------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        **Fraction of maximum throughput (%)**   **SNR (dB)**
  1-1             R.PDSCH.2-30.1 TDD      40 / 30                                          16QAM, 0.48                           FR1.30-1                HST-SFN Scheme A            2x2                                                70                                       12.9

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.2.21.

##### 5.2.2.2.21.4 Test description {#test-description-52 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.2.21.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-48 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.2.2.21.3-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.3.5.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.2.21.4.3.

##### 5.2.2.2.21.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-48 .H6}

1\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.2.2.21.5-1 as appropriate.

2\. SS is configured to transmit SSB and CSI-RS continuously and
schedule PDSCH and PDCCH transmission according to Note 1 in
5.2.2.2.21.3-2. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI
to transmit the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.2.2.21.5-1. The SS sends
downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

Note: All TCI states are known to the UE through configuration inside
RrcReconfiguration. There is no need to configure additional L1-RSRP
measurements.

3\. Send MAC CE command "Enhanced TCI States Indication for UE-specific
PDCCH MAC CE" according to the timing described in Note 1 of Table
5.2.2.2.21.3-2 to active TCI state codepoint 0, 1 or 2 for PDCCH
periodically. PDSCH is automatically associated with TCI state codepoint
0, 1 or 2 as tci-PresentInDCI is not present. TCI states 3, 4 and 5 for
SSBs are automatically activated through relation of QCL-Info in NZP
CSI-RS.

4\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.2.2.21.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-47 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.2.2.21.4.3.1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-35 .H6}

Table 5.2.2.2.21.4.3.1-1: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                               
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------ -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment      Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                        
  prb-BundlingType CHOICE {                                                          
  staticBundling SEQUENCE {                                                          
  bundleSize                                             Not present    n2 is used   Test 1-1
  }                                                                                  
  }                                                                                  
  }                                                                                  

Table 5.2.2.2.21.4.3.1-2: DMRS-DownlinkConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-24                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  DMRS-DownlinkConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                              
  dmrs-AdditionalPosition                                pos2                     Test 1-1
  }                                                                               

Table 5.2.2.2.21.4.3.1-3: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-25                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                          
  nrofHARQ-ProcessesForPDSCH                             n8                       Test 1-1
  }                                                                               

Table 5.2.2.2.21.4.3.1-4: NZP-CSI-RS-Resource for TRS

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-8 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| NZP-            |                 |                 |           |
| CSI-RS-Resource |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| nzp-CS          | i-1 for CSI-RS  | for test 1-1    |           |
| I-RS-ResourceId | resource \#i,   |                 |           |
|                 | i=1,2,3,4,5,6   |                 |           |
|                 | ,7,8,9,10,11,12 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| qcl-Inf         | 3 for CSI-RS    | for test 1-1:   |           |
| oPeriodicCSI-RS | resource \#1,   |                 |           |
|                 | \#2, \#3, \#4   | TCI-StateId for |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-State \#3   |           |
|                 | 4 for CSI-RS    | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 | resource \#5,   | resource \#1,   |           |
|                 | \#6, \#7, \#8   | \#2, \#3, \#4   |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 5 for CSI-RS    | TCI-StateId for |           |
|                 | resource \#9,   | TCI-State \#4   |           |
|                 | \#10, \#11,     | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 | \#12            | resource \#5,   |           |
|                 |                 | \#6, \#7, \#8   |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-StateId for |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-State \#5   |           |
|                 |                 | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#9,   |           |
|                 |                 | \#10, \#11,     |           |
|                 |                 | \#12            |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.2.21.4.3.1-5: CSI-RS-ResourceMapping for TRS (Table
5.2.2.2.21.4.3.1-4)

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-9 |                 |                 |           |
| with condition  |                 |                 |           |
| TRS             |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CSI-RS-         |                 |                 |           |
| ResourceMapping |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| firstOFDMSym    | 5 for CSI-RS    | for test 1-1:   |           |
| bolInTimeDomain | resource \#1    |                 |           |
|                 | and \#3         | l~0~ = 5 for    |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | 9 for CSI-RS    | 1 and 3         |           |
|                 | resource \#2    |                 |           |
|                 | and \#4         | l~0~ = 9 for    |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | 6 for CSI-RS    | 2 and 4         |           |
|                 | resource \#5    |                 |           |
|                 | and \#7         | l~0~ = 6 for    |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | 10 for CSI-RS   | 5 and 7         |           |
|                 | resource \#6    |                 |           |
|                 | and \#8         | l~0~ = 10 for   |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | 4 for CSI-RS    | 6 and 8         |           |
|                 | resource \#9    |                 |           |
|                 | and \#11        | l~0~ = 4 for    |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | 8 for CSI-RS    | 9 and 11        |           |
|                 | resource \#10   |                 |           |
|                 | and \#12        | l~0~ = 8 for    |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 |                 | 10 and 12       |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.2.21.4.3.1-6: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Tracking (Table 5.2.2.2.21.4.3.1-4)

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-9 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CS              |                 |                 |           |
| I-ResourcePerio |                 |                 |           |
| dicityAndOffset |                 |                 |           |
| ::= CHOICE {    |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| slots20         | 1 for CSI-RS    | For test 1-1:   |           |
|                 | resource \#1,   |                 |           |
|                 | \#2, \#5, \#6,  | periodicity:    |           |
|                 | \#9, \#10       |                 |           |
|                 |                 | 20 slots.       |           |
|                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |                 |           |
|                 | resource \#3    | offset:         |           |
|                 | \#4, \#7, \#8,  |                 |           |
|                 | \#11, \#12      | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 1 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 2\              |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 3 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 4               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 5 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 6\              |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 7 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 8               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 9 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 10\             |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 11 and |           |
|                 |                 | 12              |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.2.21.4.3.1-7: NZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet for TRS

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 5.4.2.0-12     |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-       |                |                |                |
| RS-ResourceSet |                |                |                |
| ::= SEQUENCE { |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp\_CSI\      | 0 for Resource | For test 1-1   |                |
| _ResourceSetId | set \#1        |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 1 for Resource |                |                |
|                | set \#2        |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 2 for Resource |                |                |
|                | set \#3        |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 4 entries      | For test 1-1   | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#1            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 0              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#1   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 1              | entry 2        |                |
| esourceId\[2\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#2   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 2              | entry 3        |                |
| esourceId\[3\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#3   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 3              | entry 4        |                |
| esourceId\[4\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#4   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 4 entries      | For test 1-1   | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#2            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 4              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#5   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 5              | entry 2        |                |
| esourceId\[2\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#6   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 6              | entry 3        |                |
| esourceId\[3\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#7   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 7              | entry 4        |                |
| esourceId\[4\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#8   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 4 entries      | For test 1-1   | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#3            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 8              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#9   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 9              | entry 2        |                |
| esourceId\[2\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#10  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 10             | entry 3        |                |
| esourceId\[3\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#11  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 11             | entry 4        |                |
| esourceId\[4\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#12  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| trs-Info       | true           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.2.2.21.4.3.1-8: NZP-CSI-RS-Resource for CSI Acquisition

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table           |                 |                 |           |
| 5.4.2.0-14      |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| NZP-            |                 |                 |           |
| CSI-RS-Resource |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| nzp-CS          | 12 for CSI-RS   | for test 1-1    |           |
| I-RS-ResourceId | resource \#13   |                 |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 13 for CSI-RS   |                 |           |
|                 | resource \#14   |                 |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 14 for CSI-RS   |                 |           |
|                 | resource \#15   |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| qcl-Inf         | 0 for CSI-RS    | for test 1-1:   |           |
| oPeriodicCSI-RS | resource \#13   |                 |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-State \#0   |           |
|                 | 1 for CSI-RS    | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 | resource \#14   | resource \#13   |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 2 for CSI-RS    | TCI-State \#1   |           |
|                 | resource \#15   | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#14   |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-State \#2   |           |
|                 |                 | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#15   |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.2.21.4.3.1-9: CSI-RS-ResourceMapping for CSI Acquisition
(Table 5.2.2.2.21.4.3.1-8)

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table           |                 |                 |           |
| 5.4.2.0-15      |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CSI-RS-         |                 |                 |           |
| ResourceMapping |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| firstOFDMSym    | 12 for CSI-RS   | for test 1-1    |           |
| bolInTimeDomain | resource \#13   |                 |           |
|                 |                 | l0=12 for       |           |
|                 | 13 for CSI-RS   | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | resource \#14   | \#13            |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 7 for CSI-RS    | l0=13 for       |           |
|                 | resource \#15   | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 |                 | \#14            |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | l0=7 for CSI-RS |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#15   |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.2.21.4.3.1-10: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Acquisition (Table 5.2.2.2.21.4.3.1-8)

+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| Derivation Path:  |              |                   |           |
| TS 38.508-1       |              |                   |           |
| \[6\], Table      |              |                   |           |
| 5.4.2.0-16        |              |                   |           |
+===================+==============+===================+===========+
| Information       | Value/remark | Comment           | Condition |
| Element           |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| CSI-ResourcePer   |              |                   |           |
| iodicityAndOffset |              |                   |           |
| ::= CHOICE {      |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| slots40           | 0            | For test 1-1      |           |
|                   |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | periodicity = 40  |           |
|                   |              | slots.            |           |
|                   |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | offset = 0 slots  |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| }                 |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.2.2.21.4.3.1-11: NZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet for CSI Acquisition

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 5.4.2.0-18     |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-       |                |                |                |
| RS-ResourceSet |                |                |                |
| ::= SEQUENCE { |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp\_CSI\      | 3 for Resource | For test 1-1   |                |
| _ResourceSetId | set \#4        |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 4 for Resource |                |                |
|                | set \#5        |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 5 for Resource |                |                |
|                | set \#6        |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 1 entry        | For test 1-1   | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#4            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 12             | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#13  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 1 entry        | For test 1-1   | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#5            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 13             | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#14  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 1 entry        | For test 1-1   | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#5            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 14             | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#15  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.2.2.21.4.3.1-12: *TCI-State*

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 4.6.3-190      |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| TCI-State ::=  |                |                |                |
| SEQUENCE {     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| tci-StateId    | 0 for TCI      | For test 1-1   |                |
|                | state \#0      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 1 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#1      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 2 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#2      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 3 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#3      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 4 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#4      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 5 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#5      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| qcl-Type1      |                |                |                |
| SEQUENCE {     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| bwp-Id         | BWP-Id of      |                | TCI state \#0, |
|                | active BWP     |                | TCI state \#1, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#2  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Not present    |                | TCI state \#3, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#4, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#5  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| r              |                |                |                |
| eferenceSignal |                |                |                |
| CHOICE {       |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| csi-rs         | 0              | CSI-RS         | TCI state \#0  |
|                |                | resource \#1   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 4              | CSI-RS         | TCI state \#1  |
|                |                | resource \#5   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 8              | CSI-RS         | TCI state \#2  |
|                |                | resource \#9   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| ssb            | 0              | SSB \#0        | TCI state \#3  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 1              | SSB \#1        | TCI state \#4  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 2              | SSB \#2        | TCI state \#5  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| qcl-Type       | typeA          |                | TCI state \#0, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#1, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#2  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | typeC          |                | TCI state \#3, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#4, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#5  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

##### 5.2.2.2.21.4.3.2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-33 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.2.21.4.3.1.

##### 5.2.2.2.21.5 Test Requirement {#test-requirement-47 .H6}

Tables 5.2.2.2.21.3-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.2.21.5-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.2.21.5-1: Test Requirements for HST-SFN Scheme A

  **Test num.**   **Reference channel**   **Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)**   **Modulation format and code rate**   **TDD UL-DL pattern**   **Propagation condition**   **Correlation matrix and antenna configuration**   **Reference value**                      
  --------------- ----------------------- ------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------- ----------------------- --------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- --------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        **Fraction of maximum throughput (%)**   **SNR (dB)**
  1-1             R.PDSCH.2-30.1 TDD      40 / 30                                          16QAM, 0.48                           FR1.30-1                HST-SFN Scheme A            2x2                                                70                                       \[13.5\]

##### 5.2.2.2.22 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH HST-SFN Scheme B performance - 2x2 MIMO for both SA and NSA

.

##### 5.2.2.2.22.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-53 .H6}

To verify the UE performance in the HST-SFN Scheme B scenario.

##### 5.2.2.2.22.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-53 .H6}

This test case applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward that
support SFN scheme B for PDCCH scheduling SFN Scheme B PDSCH.

##### 5.2.2.2.22.3 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-46 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.22.3-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.2.2.22.3-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.22.3-1.

**Table 5.2.2.2.22.3-1: Tests purpose**

  **Purpose**                                                               **Test index**
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------
  Verify UE performance in the HST-SFN Scheme B scenario defined in B.3.6   1-1

**Table 5.2.2.2.22.3-2: Test parameters**

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| **          | **Unit**    | **Value**   |             |             |
| Parameter** |             |             |             |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| Duplex mode |             | TDD         |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Active DL   |             | 1           |             |             |
| BWP index   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDCCH       | TCI state   |             | Note 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH       | Mapping     |             | Type A      |             |
| co          | type        |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | k0          |             | 0           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Starting    |             | 2           |             |
|             | symbol (S)  |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Length (L)  |             | Specific to |             |
|             |             |             | each        |             |
|             |             |             | Reference   |             |
|             |             |             | channel     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PDSCH       |             | 1           |             |
|             | aggregation |             |             |             |
|             | factor      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | Static      |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | 2           |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | size        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    |             | Type 0      |             |
|             | allocation  |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | RBG size    |             | Config2     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | Non-        |             |
|             | mapping     |             | interleaved |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | N/A         |             |
|             | mapping     |             |             |             |
|             | interleaver |             |             |             |
|             | bundle size |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | TCI state   |             | Note 1      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH DMRS  | DMRS Type   |             | Type 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 2           |             |
|             | additional  |             |             |             |
|             | DMRS        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Maximum     |             | 1           |             |
|             | number of   |             |             |             |
|             | OFDM        |             |             |             |
|             | symbols for |             |             |             |
|             | DL front    |             |             |             |
|             | loaded DMRS |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CSI-RS for  | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 5    |
| tracking    | set \#1     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 1  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 3       |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 9    |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 2  |
|             |             |             |             | and 4       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 1,2,3,4.    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | and 2\      |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 3  |
|             |             |             |             | and 4       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#3         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | Frequency   |             | Start PRB 0 |
|             |             | Occupation  |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             |             | Number of   |
|             |             |             |             | PRB = 52    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 6    |
|             | set \#2     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 5  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 7       |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 10   |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 6  |
|             |             |             |             | and 8       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 5,6,7,8.    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 5  |
|             |             |             |             | and 6\      |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 7  |
|             |             |             |             | and 8       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#4         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | Frequency   |             | Start PRB 0 |
|             |             | Occupation  |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             |             | Number of   |
|             |             |             |             | PRB = 52    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 4    |
|             | set \#3     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 9  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 11      |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 8    |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 10 |
|             |             |             |             | and 12      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 9,10,11,12. |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 9  |
|             |             |             |             | and 10\     |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 11 |
|             |             |             |             | and 12      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#5         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | Frequency   |             | Start PRB 0 |
|             |             | Occupation  |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             |             | Number of   |
|             |             |             |             | PRB = 52    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NZP CSI-RS  | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 12   |
| for CSI     | set \#4     | symbol in   |             |             |
| acquisition |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 40          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#0         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 13   |
|             | set \#5     | symbol in   |             |             |
|             |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 40          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#1         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 7    |
|             | set \#6     | symbol in   |             |             |
|             |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 40          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#2         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#0         | information | resource    |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#1\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#1         | information | resource    |             | resource 5  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#2\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#2         | information | resource    |             | resource 9  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#3\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#0     |
| \#3         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#1     |
| \#4         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#2     |
| \#5         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Number of   |             | 8           |             |             |
| HARQ        |             |             |             |             |
| Processes   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| The number  |             | Specific to |             |             |
| of slots    |             | each TDD    |             |             |
| between     |             | UL-DL       |             |             |
| PDSCH and   |             | pattern and |             |             |
| co          |             | as defined  |             |             |
| rresponding |             | in Annex    |             |             |
| HARQ-ACK    |             | A.1.2       |             |             |
| information |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Note 1: SSB |             |             |             |             |
| \# (k mod   |             |             |             |             |
| 3), CSI-RS  |             |             |             |             |
| (for        |             |             |             |             |
| tracking)   |             |             |             |             |
| resource    |             |             |             |             |
| set \# ((k  |             |             |             |             |
| mod 3) + 1) |             |             |             |             |
| and CSI-RS  |             |             |             |             |
| (for CSI    |             |             |             |             |
| a           |             |             |             |             |
| cquisition) |             |             |             |             |
| resource    |             |             |             |             |
| set \# ((k  |             |             |             |             |
| mod 3) + 4) |             |             |             |             |
| are         |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| by k^th^    |             |             |             |             |
| RRH.        |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| C           |             |             |             |             |
| odepoint\#0 |             |             |             |             |
| {TCI state  |             |             |             |             |
| \#0, TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| State \#1}  |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| activated   |             |             |             |             |
| when UE     |             |             |             |             |
| receives    |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH/PDSCH |             |             |             |             |
| from        |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k and |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+1.  |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| C           |             |             |             |             |
| odepoint\#1 |             |             |             |             |
| {TCI state  |             |             |             |             |
| \#1, TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| State \#2}  |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| activated   |             |             |             |             |
| when UE     |             |             |             |             |
| receives    |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH/PDSCH |             |             |             |             |
| from        |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+1   |             |             |             |             |
| and         |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+2.  |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| C           |             |             |             |             |
| odepoint\#2 |             |             |             |             |
| {TCI state  |             |             |             |             |
| \#2, TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| State \#0}  |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| activated   |             |             |             |             |
| when UE     |             |             |             |             |
| receives    |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH/PDSCH |             |             |             |             |
| from        |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+2   |             |             |             |             |
| and         |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+3.  |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| The second  |             |             |             |             |
| indicated   |             |             |             |             |
| TCI state   |             |             |             |             |
| in each     |             |             |             |             |
| codepoint   |             |             |             |             |
| is not used |             |             |             |             |
| for quasi   |             |             |             |             |
| co-location |             |             |             |             |
| parameters  |             |             |             |             |
| {Doppler    |             |             |             |             |
| shift,      |             |             |             |             |
| Doppler     |             |             |             |             |
| spread}.    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

**Table 5.2.2.2.22.3-3: Minimum performance for HST-SFN Scheme B**

  **Test num.**   **Reference channel**   **Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)**   **Modulation format and code rate**   **TDD UL-DL pattern**   **Propagation condition**   **Correlation matrix and antenna configuration**   **Reference value**                      
  --------------- ----------------------- ------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------- ----------------------- --------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- --------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        **Fraction of maximum throughput (%)**   **SNR (dB)**
  1-1             R.PDSCH.2-30.1 TDD      40/30                                            16QAM, 0.48                           FR1.30-1                HST-SFN-Scheme B            2x2                                                70                                       11.8

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.2.2.22.

##### 5.2.2.2.22.4 Test description {#test-description-53 .H6}

##### 5.2.2.2.22.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-49 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.2.2.22.3-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.3.6.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.2.22.4.3.

##### 5.2.2.2.22.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-49 .H6}

1\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.2.2.22.5-1 as appropriate.

2\. SS is configured to transmit SSB and CSI-RS continuously and
schedule PDSCH and PDCCH transmission according to Note 1 in
5.2.2.2.22.3-2. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI
to transmit the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.2.2.22.5-1. The SS sends
downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

Note: All TCI states are known to the UE through configuration inside
RrcReconfiguration. There is no need to configure additional L1-RSRP
measurements.

3\. Send MAC CE command "Enhanced TCI States Indication for UE-specific
PDCCH MAC CE" according to the timing described in Note 1 of table
5.2.2.2.22.5-1 to active TCI state codepoint 0, 1 or 2 for PDCCH
periodically. PDSCH is automatically associated with TCI state codepoint
0, 1 or 2 as tci-PresentInDCI is not present. TCI states 3, 4 and 5 for
SSBs are automatically activated through relation of QCL-Info in NZP
CSI-RS.

4\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.2.2.22.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-48 .H6}

Same as message contents in 5.2.2.2.21.4.3.

##### 5.2.2.2.22.5 Test Requirement {#test-requirement-48 .H6}

Tables 5.2.2.2.22.3-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.2.22.5-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.2.2.22.5-1: Test Requirements for HST-SFN Scheme B

  **Test num.**   **Reference channel**   **Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)**   **Modulation format and code rate**   **TDD UL-DL pattern**   **Propagation condition**   **Correlation matrix and antenna configuration**   **Reference value**                      
  --------------- ----------------------- ------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------- ----------------------- --------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- --------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        **Fraction of maximum throughput (%)**   **SNR (dB)**
  1-1             R.PDSCH.2-30.1 TDD      40/30                                            16QAM, 0.48                           FR1.30-1                HST-SFN-Scheme B            2x2                                                70                                       12.4

### 5.2.3 4RX requirements

#### 5.2.3.1 FDD

##### 5.2.3.1.1 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A performance

##### 5.2.3.1.1.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-47 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.1.0-3, Table
5.2.3.1.1.0-4, Table 5.2.3.1.1.0-5, Table 5.2.3.1.1.0-6 and Table
5.2.3.1.1.0-7, with the addition of test parameters in Table
5.2.3.1.1.0-2 and the downlink physical channel setup according to Annex
C.2.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.1.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.1.1.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                                   Test index
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 4 receive antenna conditions and with different channel models, MCSs and number of MIMO layers   1-1, 1-2, 1-3, 1-5, 1-6, 1-7, 1-8, 2-1, 2-2, 3-1, 4-1
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A HARQ soft combining performance under 4 receive antenna conditions.                                                       1-4
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A performance requirements for Enhanced Receiver Type 1 under 4 receive antenna conditions.                                 5-1
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A performance requirements with R18 DMRS                                                                                    4-2

Table 5.2.3.1.1.0-2: Test parameters

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Parameter      | Unit           | Value          |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Duplex mode    |                | FDD            |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Active DL BWP  |                | 1              |                |
| index          |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH          | Mapping type   |                | Type A         |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | k0             |                | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Starting       |                | 2              |
|                | symbol (S)     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Length (L)     |                | 12             |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PDSCH          |                | 1              |
|                | aggregation    |                |                |
|                | factor         |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | Static         |
|                | type           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | 4 for Test     |
|                | size           |                | 1-1\           |
|                |                |                | WB for Test    |
|                |                |                | 3-1            |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | 2 for other    |
|                |                |                | tests          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Resource       |                | Test 1-2: Type |
|                | allocation     |                | 1 with start   |
|                | type           |                | RB = 23,       |
|                |                |                | L~RBs~ = 6     |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Other test:    |
|                |                |                | Type 0         |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | RBG size       |                | Test 1-2: N/A  |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Other tests:   |
|                |                |                | Config2        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N              |
|                | mapping type   |                | on-interleaved |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N/A            |
|                | mapping        |                |                |
|                | interleaver    |                |                |
|                | bundle size    |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH DMRS     | DMRS Type      |                | Type 1 for all |
| configuration  |                |                | but Test 4-2   |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Enhanced Type  |
|                |                |                | 1 for Test     |
|                |                |                | 4-2.           |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Number of      |                | 2 for Test     |
|                | additional     |                | 1-1, 1-5, 1-6, |
|                | DMRS           |                | 1-7            |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | 1 for other    |
|                |                |                | tests          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Maximum number |                | 1              |
|                | of OFDM        |                |                |
|                | symbols for DL |                |                |
|                | front loaded   |                |                |
|                | DMRS           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Antenna ports  |                | Test 4-2:      |
|                | indexes        |                | {1000, 1001,   |
|                |                |                | 1008, 1009}    |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Other tests:   |
|                |                |                | Table 5.2-1    |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Number of      |                | Test 4-2: 1    |
|                | PDSCH DMRS CDM |                |                |
|                | group(s)       |                | Other tests:   |
|                | without data   |                | Table 5.2-1    |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CSI-RS for     | CSI-RS         | Slots          | Test 1-5, 1-6, |
| tracking       | periodicity    |                | 1-7:\          |
|                |                |                | 10 for CSI-RS  |
|                |                |                | resource       |
|                |                |                | 1,2,3,4.       |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Other tests:   |
|                |                |                | Table 5.2-1.   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-RS offset  | Slots          | Test 1-5, 1-6, |
|                |                |                | 1-7:\          |
|                |                |                | 1 for CSI-RS   |
|                |                |                | resource 1 and |
|                |                |                | 2\             |
|                |                |                | 2 for CSI-RS   |
|                |                |                | resource 3 and |
|                |                |                | 4.             |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Other tests:   |
|                |                |                | Table 5.2-1.   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Number of HARQ |                | 8 for Test     |                |
| Processes      |                | 1-4, 2-1       |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                | 4 for other    |                |
|                |                | tests          |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| The number of  |                | 2              |                |
| slots between  |                |                |                |
| PDSCH and      |                |                |                |
| corresponding  |                |                |                |
| HARQ-ACK       |                |                |                |
| information    |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.3.1.1.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                         Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-1.1 FDD    10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        TDLB100-400             2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   -3.5
  1-2         R.PDSCH.1-1.2 FDD    10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        TDLC300-100             2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   -2.9
  1-3         R.PDSCH.1-4.1 FDD    10 / 15                                      256QAM, 0.82                      TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   21.0
  1-4         R.PDSCH.1-2.1 FDD    10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.48                       TDLC300-100             2x4, ULA Low                                   30                                   -1.5
  1-5         R.PDSCH.1-8.1 FDD    10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.48                       HST-750                 1x4                                            70                                   3.3
  1-6         R.PDSCH.1-8.2 FDD    10 / 15                                      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-972                 1x4                                            70                                   \[6.8\]
  1-7         R.PDSCH.1-8.1 FDD    10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.48                       TDLC300-600             2x4                                            70                                   \[5.8\]
  1-8         R.PDSCH.1-17.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      1024QAM, 0.79                     TDLD30-5                2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   26.3

Table 5.2.3.1.1.0-4: Minimum performance for Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  2-1         R.PDSCH.1-3.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      64QAM, 0.50                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   13.5
  2-2         R.PDSCH.2-1.1 FDD   20 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.50                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   13.7

Table 5.2.3.1.1.0-5: Minimum performance for Rank 3

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  3-1         R.PDSCH.1-2.3 FDD   10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               4x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   11.0

Table 5.2.3.1.1.0-6: Minimum performance for Rank 4

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                         Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  4-1         R.PDSCH.1-2.4 FDD    10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               4x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.6
  4-2         R.PDSCH.1-12.2 FDD   10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               4x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.2

Table 5.2.3.1.1.0-7: Minimum performance for Rank 3 and Enhanced
Receiver Type 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5-1         R.PDSCH.1-2.3 FDD   10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               4x4, ULA Medium A                              70                                   22.3

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\] clause
5.2.3.1.1.

###### 5.2.3.1.1\_1 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A performance - 2x4 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-54 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 4 receive
antenna conditions and with different channel models, MCSs and number of
MIMO layers for a specified downlink Reference Measurement Channel (RMC)
to achieve a certain throughput and as well verify the HARQ soft
combining with default baseline receiver configuration, for Rank 1 and
Rank 2 scenarios.

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-54 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward
supporting 4 Rx antenna ports.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC and 4 Rx antenna ports.

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-54 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-50 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.4
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.5 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Tables
5.2-1 and 5.2.3.1.1.0-2 and as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On*,
*Test Mode On* or (EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On)* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.5. Message
contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.1.1\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-50 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.1.1.0-3 and Table 5.2.3.1.1.0-4. The
SS sends downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.3.1.1\_1.4-1 and 5.2.3.1.1\_1.4-2 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 4 for each subtest in Tables 5.2.3.1.1\_1.4-1
and 5.2.3.1.1\_1.4-2 as appropriate.

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-49 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-36 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.1.1\_1.3.3\_1-1: *BWP*

+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| Derivation Path:  |              |                   |           |
| TS 38.508-1       |              |                   |           |
| \[6\], Table      |              |                   |           |
| 4.6.3-8           |              |                   |           |
+===================+==============+===================+===========+
| Information       | Value/remark | Comment           | Condition |
| Element           |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| BWP ::= SEQUENCE  |              |                   |           |
| {                 |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| loc               | 13750        | For Test 2-2      |           |
| ationAndBandwidth |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | (20MHz BW, SCS    |           |
|                   |              | 30kHz)            |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
|                   | 14025        | For other tests   |           |
|                   |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | (10MHz BW, SCS    |           |
|                   |              | 15kHz)            |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| }                 |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.3.1.1\_1.3.3\_1-2: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                                                                                     
  ------------------------------------------------------ ------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark              Comment                                                 Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                              
  resourceAllocation                                     resourceAllocationType0   resourceAllocationType0 for all tests except test 1-2   
                                                         resourceAllocationType1   resourceAllocationType1 for test 1-2                    
  prb-BundlingType CHOICE {                                                                                                                
  staticBundling SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                
  bundleSize                                             n4                        n4 for test 1-1                                         
                                                         wideband                  wideband for test 3-1                                   
                                                         Not present               n2 for other tests                                      
  }                                                                                                                                        
  }                                                                                                                                        
  }                                                                                                                                        

Table 5.2.3.1.1\_1.3.3\_1-3: DMRS-DownlinkConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-24                                                                      
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                                             Condition
  DMRS-DownlinkConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                        
  dmrs-AdditionalPosition                                pos1           pos1 for all tests except test 1-1, 1-5, 1-6, 1-7   
                                                         Not present    pos2 for test 1-1, 1-5, 1-6, 1-7                    
  }                                                                                                                         

Table 5.2.3.1.1\_1.3.3\_1-4: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-25                                         
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ---------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                       
  nrofHARQ-ProcessesForPDSCH                             Not present    n8 for test 1-4, 2.1   
                                                         n4             n4 for other tests     
  }                                                                                            

Table 5.2.3.1.1\_1.3.3\_1-5: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Tracking

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 4.6.3-43  |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CS              |                 |                 |           |
| I-ResourcePerio |                 |                 |           |
| dicityAndOffset |                 |                 |           |
| ::= CHOICE {    |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Slots10         | 1 (for CSI-RS   | Periodicity 10  |           |
|                 | resources 1 and | slots and       |           |
|                 | 2)              | offset 1/2 for  |           |
|                 |                 | test 1-5, 1-6,  |           |
|                 | 2 (for CSI-RS   | 1-7             |           |
|                 | resources 3 and |                 |           |
|                 | 4)              |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-34 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.1.1\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-49 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.1.1.0-3 and Table 5.2.3.1.1.0-4 define the primary level
settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A.3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.1.1\_1.4-1 and
Table 5.2.3.1.1\_1.4-2 for the specified SNR including test tolerances
for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.1.1\_1.4-1: Test Requirement for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-1.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        TDLB100-400             2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   -2.6
  1-2         R.PDSCH.1-1.2 FDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        TDLC300-100             2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   -2.0
  1-3         R.PDSCH.1-4.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      256QAM, 0.82                      TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   22.0
  1-4         R.PDSCH.1-2.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.48                       TDLC300-100             2x4, ULA Low                                   30                                   -0.6
  1-5         R.PDSCH.1-8.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.48                       HST-750                 1x4                                            70                                   4.2
  1-6         R.PDSCH.1-8.2 FDD   10 / 15                                      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-972                 1x4                                            70                                   7.7
  1-7         R.PDSCH.1-8.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.48                       TDLC300-600             2x4                                            70                                   6.7

Table 5.2.3.1.1\_1.4-2: Test Requirement for Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  2-1         R.PDSCH.1-3.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      64QAM, 0.50                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.5
  2-2         R.PDSCH.2-1.1 FDD   20 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.50                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.7

###### 5.2.3.1.1\_2 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A performance - 4x4 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_2.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-55 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 4 receive
antenna conditions and with different channel models, MCSs and number of
MIMO layers for a specified downlink Reference Measurement Channel (RMC)
to achieve a certain throughput and as well verify the HARQ soft
combining with default baseline receiver configuration, for Rank 3 and
Rank 4 scenarios.

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_2.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-55 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward
supporting 4 Rx antenna ports.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC and 4 Rx antenna ports.

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_2.3 Test description {#test-description-55 .H6}

Same test description as in clause 5.2.3.1.1\_1.3 with the following
exception:

\- Step 1 of test procedure to call for Tables 5.2.3.1.1.0-5 and
5.2.3.1.1.0-6 instead of Tables 5.2.3.1.1.0-3 and 5.2.3.1.1.0-4

Table 5.2.3.1.1\_2.4-1 instead of 5.2.3.1.1\_1.4-1

\- Table 5.2.3.1.1\_2.4-2 instead of 5.2.3.1.1\_1.4-2

\- Figure A.3.1.7.5 instead of A.3.1.7.4

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_2.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-50 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.1.1.0-5 and Table 5.2.3.1.1.0-6 define the primary level
settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A.3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.1.1\_2.4-1 and
Table 5.2.3.1.1\_2.4-2 for the specified SNR including test tolerances
for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.1.1\_2.4-1: Test Requirement for Rank 3

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  3-1         R.PDSCH.1-2.3 FDD   10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               4x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   12.0

Table 5.2.3.1.1\_2.4-2: Test Requirement for Rank 4

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  4-1         R.PDSCH.1-2.4 FDD   10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               4x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   16.6

###### 5.2.3.1.1\_3 FFS

###### 5.2.3.1.1\_4 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A performance - 4x4 MIMO with enhanced receiver type 1 for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_4.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-56 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH mapping Type A enhanced performance under 4 receive
antenna conditions for a specified downlink Reference Measurement
Channel (RMC) to achieve a certain throughput and as well verify the
HARQ soft combining with default enhanced receiver type 1 configuration,
for Rank 3 scenario.

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_4.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-56 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE Rel-15 and forward supporting 4
Rx antenna ports and NR enhanced receiver type 1.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE Rel-15 and forward
supporting EN-DC, 4 Rx antenna ports and NR enhanced receiver type 1.

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_4.3 Test description {#test-description-56 .H6}

Same test description as in clause 5.2.3.1.1\_1.3 with the following
exception:

\- Figure A.3.1.7.5 instead of A.3.1.7.4

Step 1 and 2 of Test procedure as in clause 5.2.3.1.1\_1.3.2 are
replaced by:

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.1.1.0-7. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.3.1.1\_4.4-1 as appropriate.

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_4.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-51 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.1.1.0-7 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A.3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.1.1\_4.4-1 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.1.1\_4.4-1: Test Requirement for Rank 3 and Enhanced
Receiver Type 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5-1         R.PDSCH.1-2.3 FDD   10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               4x4, ULA Medium A                              70                                   23.3

###### 5.2.3.1.1\_5 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A performance - 2x4 MIMO with baseline receiver for DL1024QAM for both SA and NSA

Editor\'s Note: Following aspects needs further investigation

\- DL EVM of \<= 2.5% for f \> 4.2 GHz pending further analysis by the
TE vendors

###### 

###### 5.2.3.1.1\_5.1 Test purpose

Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 4 receive
antenna conditions with DL1024QAM for a specified downlink Reference
Measurement Channel (RMC) to achieve a certain throughput for Rank 1
scenario.

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_5.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-57 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward
supporting 4 Rx antenna ports and DL1024QAM.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 17 and forward
supporting EN-DC and 4 Rx antenna ports and DL1024QAM.

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_5.3 Test description {#test-description-57 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_5.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-51 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.4
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.5 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Tables
5.2-1 and 5.2.3.1.1.0-2 and as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On*,
*Test Mode On* or (EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On)* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.5. Message
contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.1.1\_5.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_5.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-51 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.1.1.0-3. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.3.1.1\_5.4-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_5.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-50 .H6}

Message contents are according to 38.508-1 \[6\] subclauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_5.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for NR/5GC {#message-exceptions-for-nr5gc-6 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.1.1\_1.3.3\_1 with the following exceptions.

Table 5.2.3.1.1\_5.3.3\_1-1: PDSCH-Config

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 Table 5.4.2.0-26                            
  ----------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                             Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                              
  mcs-Table-r17                                   qam1024                  Test 1-8
  }                                                                        

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_5.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for EN-DC {#message-exceptions-for-en-dc-6 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.1.1\_5.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_5.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-52 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.1.1-5.4-1 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A.3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.1.1\_5.4-1 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.1.1\_5.4-1: Test Requirement for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                         Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-8         R.PDSCH.1-17.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      1024QAM, 0.79                     TDLD30-5                2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   27.2

###### 5.2.3.1.1\_6 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A performance - 4x4 MIMO with enhanced DMRS for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_6.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-58 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 4 receive
antenna conditions with enhanced DMRS, for Rank 4 scenario. the PDSCH
mapping Type A performance requirements

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_6.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-58 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 18 and forward
supporting NR/5GC and enhanced DMRS.

This test also applies to all types of UE release 18 and forward
supporting EN-DC and enhanced DMRS.

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_6.3 Test description {#test-description-58 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_6.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-52 .H6}

Same test description as in clause 5.2.3.1.1\_1.3 with the following
exception:

\- Figure A.3.1.7.5 instead of A.3.1.7.4

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_6.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-52 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.1.1\_6.4-1. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.3.1.1\_6.4-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_6.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-51 .H6}

Message contents are according to 38.508-1 \[6\] subclauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_6.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for NR/5GC {#message-exceptions-for-nr5gc-7 .H6}

Same as in clause 5.2.3.1.1\_1.3.3 with the following exception

Table **5.2.3.1.1\_6**.3.3\_1-1: DMRS-DownlinkConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-24                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  DMRS-DownlinkConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                              
  dmrs-TypeEnh-r18                                       enabled                  
  }                                                                               

Table **5.2.3.1.1\_6**.3.3\_1-2: Physical layer parameters for DCI
format 1\_1

  ----------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-1                                                                                                                                                                                                  
  Parameter                                             Value                                                                                                                                                                        Value in binary   Condition
  Antenna port(s)                                       DMRS port 0,1,8,9 as per Table 7.3.1.2.2-7 in TS 38.212 (*dmrs-Type* = DMRS type 1, *dmrs-TypeEnh* is configured and *maxLength* = len1 as per Table 4.6.3-50 in 38.508-1)   "10110"           
  ----------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- -----------

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_6.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for EN-DC {#message-exceptions-for-en-dc-7 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.1.1\_6.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.3.1.1\_6.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-53 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.1.1\_6.4-1 define the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A.3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.1.1\_6.4-1 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.1.1\_6.4-1: Test Requirement for Rank 4 and enhanced DMRS
type 1

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                         Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  4-2         R.PDSCH.1-12.2 FDD   10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               4x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   16.2

##### 5.2.3.1.2 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A and CSI-RS overlapped with PDSCH performance

##### 5.2.3.1.2.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-48 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.2.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.1.2.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.2.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.1.2.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                  Test index
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 4 receive antenna conditions and CSI-RS overlapped with PDSCH   1-1

Table 5.2.3.1.2.0-2: Test parameters

  Parameter                                                                  Unit                                                      Value   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------- ---------------------------------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                          FDD     
  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                  1       
                                                                             Mapping type                                                      Type A
                                                                             k0                                                                0
                                                                             Starting symbol (S)                                               2
                                                                             Length (L)                                                        12
  PDSCH configuration                                                        PDSCH aggregation factor                                          1
                                                                             PRB bundling type                                                 Static
                                                                             PRB bundling size                                                 2
                                                                             Resource allocation type                                          Type 0
                                                                             RBG size                                                          Config2
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                           Non-interleaved
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                        N/A
                                                                             DMRS Type                                                         Type 1
  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                   Number of additional DMRS                                         1
                                                                             Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS           1
  NZP CSI-RS for CSI acquisition                                             OFDM symbols in the PRB used for CSI-RS                           l~0~ = 13
                                                                             CSI-RS periodicity                                        Slots   5
  ZP CSI-RS for CSI acquisition                                              Subcarrier index in the PRB used for CSI-RS                       (k~0~, k~1~, k~2~, k~3~)=(2, 4, 6, 8)
                                                                             Number of CSI-RS ports (X)                                        8
                                                                             CSI-RS periodicity                                        Slots   5
  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                             4       
  The number of slots between PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             2       

Table 5.2.3.1.2.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-5.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.48                       TDLC300-100             4x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.1

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\] clause
5.2.3.1.2.

###### 5.2.3.1.2\_1 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A and CSI-RS overlapped with PDSCH performance - 4x4 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.1.2\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-59 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 4 receive
antenna conditions for a specified downlink Reference Measurement
Channel (RMC) to achieve a certain throughput and as well verify the
HARQ soft combining with default baseline receiver configuration for
CSI-RS overlapped with PDSCH scenario.

##### 5.2.3.1.2\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-59 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward
supporting 4 Rx antenna ports.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC and 4 Rx antenna ports.

##### 5.2.3.1.2\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-59 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.2\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-53 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.5
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.5 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Tables
5.2-1 and 5.2.3.1.2.0-2 and as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2, C.3.1 and uplink signals according to Annexes
G.0, G.1, G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,
Test Mode On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode On* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message content are defined in clause 5.2.3.1.2\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.1.2\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-53 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.1.2.0-2. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.3.1.2\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.3.1.2\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-52 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.3.1.2\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-37 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.1.2\_1.3.3\_1-1: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-25                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                          
  nrofHARQ-ProcessesForPDSCH                             n4                       
  }                                                                               

Table 5.2.3.1.2\_1.3.3\_1-2: NZP CSI-RS-ResourceMapping for CSI
Acquisition

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-15                              
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ----------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment     Condition
  CSI-RS-ResourceMapping ::= SEQUENCE {                                             
  frequencyDomainAllocation CHOICE {                                                
  row4                                                   001            k~0~=0      
  }                                                                                 
  firstOFDMSymbolInTimeDomain                            13             l~0~ = 13   
  }                                                                                 

Table 5.2.3.1.2\_1.3.3\_1-3: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Acquisition

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-16                                                     
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ---------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                            Condition
  CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset ::= CHOICE {                                                            
  slots5                                                 0              Periodicity 5 slots and offset 0   
  }                                                                                                        

Table 5.2.3.1.2\_1.3.3\_1-4: ZP CSI-RS-ResourceMapping for CSI
Acquisition

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], clause5.4.2.0-21                                                             
  ------------------------------------------------------ ------------------------- ------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark              Comment                         Condition
  CSI-RS-ResourceMapping ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                            
  frequencyDomainAllocation CHOICE {                                                                               
  other                                                  011110                    (k0, k1, k2, k3)=(2, 4, 6, 8)   
  }                                                                                                                
  nrofPorts                                              P8                        Eight Ports                     
  firstOFDMSymbolInTimeDomain                            12                        l~0~ = 12                       
  cdm-Type                                               fd-CDM2                                                   
  density CHOICE {                                                                                                 
  one                                                    NULL                                                      
  }                                                                                                                
    freqBand                                             CSI-FrequencyOccupation                                   
  }                                                                                                                

##### 5.2.3.1.2\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-35 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.1.2\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.3.1.2\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-54 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.1.2.0-3 define the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A.3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.1.2\_1.4-1 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.1.2\_1.4-1: Test Requirement for Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-5.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.48                       TDLC300-100             4x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   10

##### 5.2.3.1.3 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type B performance

##### 5.2.3.1.3.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-49 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.3.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.1.3.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.3.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.1.3.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                               Test index
  --------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  PDSCH mapping Type B performance under 4 receive antenna conditions   1-1

Table 5.2.3.1.3.0-2: Test parameters

  Parameter                                                                  Unit                                                      Value   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------- -----------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                          FDD     
  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                  1       
                                                                             Mapping type                                                      Type B
                                                                             k0                                                                0
                                                                             Starting symbol (S)                                               5
                                                                             Length (L)                                                        7
  PDSCH configuration                                                        PDSCH aggregation factor                                          1
                                                                             PRB bundling type                                                 Static
                                                                             PRB bundling size                                                 2
                                                                             Resource allocation type                                          Type 0
                                                                             RBG size                                                          Config2
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                           Non-interleaved
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                        N/A
                                                                             DMRS Type                                                         Type 1
  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                   Number of additional DMRS                                         1
                                                                             Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS           1
  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                             4       
  The number of slots between PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             2       

Table 5.2.3.1.3.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-1.3 FDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   -3.8

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\] clause
5.2.3.1.3.

###### 5.2.3.1.3\_1 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type B performance - 2x4 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.1.3\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-60 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH mapping Type B normal performance under 4 receive
antenna conditions for a specified downlink Reference Measurement
Channel (RMC) to achieve a certain throughput with baseline receiver
configuration.

##### 5.2.3.1.3\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-60 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward
supporting 4 Rx antenna ports and PDSCH mapping type B.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC and 4 Rx antenna ports and PDSCH mapping type B.

##### 5.2.3.1.3\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-60 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.3\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-54 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.4
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.5 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Tables
5.2-1 and 5.2.3.1.3.0-2 and as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2, C.3.1 and uplink signals according to Annexes
G.0, G.1, G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,
Test Mode On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode On* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message content are defined in clause 5.2.3.1.3\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.1.3\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-54 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.1.3.0-2. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.3.1.3\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.3.1.3\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-53 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.3.1.3\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-38 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.1.3\_1.3.3\_1-1: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-25                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                          
  nrofHARQ-ProcessesForPDSCH                             n4                       
  }                                                                               

Table 5.2.3.1.3\_1.3.3\_1-2: PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2-19                                                                                         
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                       Value/remark   Comment                           Condition
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList::= SEQUENCE(SIZE(1..maxNrofDL-Allocations)) OF {   2 entry                                          
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  K0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeB                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      89             Start symbol(S)=5, Length(L)=7    
  }                                                                                                                                          
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  K0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               TypeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      53             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=12   
  }                                                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                                                          

##### 5.2.3.1.3\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-36 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.1.3\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.3.1.3\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-55 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.1.3.0-3 define the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A.3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.1.3\_1.4-1 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.1.3\_1.4-1: Test Requirement for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-1.3 FDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   -2.8

##### 5.2.3.1.4 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH Mapping Type A and LTE-NR coexistence performance

##### 5.2.3.1.4.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-50 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.4.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.1.4.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.2.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.4.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.1.4.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                   Test index
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 4 receive antenna conditions with CRS rate matching configured   1-1, 1-2

Table 5.2.3.1.4.0-2: Test parameters

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Parameter                                                                  Unit                                                      Value   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------- -----------------------------------------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                          FDD     

  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                  1       

  NR UL transmission with a 7.5 kHz shift to the LTE raster                                                                            true    

  PDCCH configuration                                                        Symbols with PDCCH                                                Symbol\# 2

                                                                             Mapping type                                                      Type A

                                                                             k0                                                                0

                                                                             Starting symbol (S)                                               3

                                                                             Length (L)                                                        9 for Test 1-1\
                                                                                                                                               11 for Test 1-2

  PDSCH configuration                                                        PDSCH aggregation factor                                          1

                                                                             PRB bundling type                                                 Static

                                                                             PRB bundling size                                                 2

                                                                             Resource allocation type                                          Type 0

                                                                             RBG size                                                          Config2

                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                           Non-interleaved

                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                        N/A

  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                   DMRS Type                                                         Type 1

                                                                             Position of the first DM-RS for downlink                          3

                                                                             Number of additional DMRS                                         1

                                                                             Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS           1

  CRS for rate matching (Note 1)                                             LTE carrier centre subcarrier location                            Same as NR carrier centre subcarrier location

                                                                             LTE carrier BW                                            MHz     10

                                                                             Number of antenna ports                                           4

                                                                             v-shift                                                           0

  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                             4       

  The number of slots between PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             2       

  Note 1: No MBSFN is configured on LTE carrier                                                                                                
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table 5.2.3.1.4.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-7.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        TDLA30-10               4x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   -4.0
  1-2         R.PDSCH.1-7.2 FDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        TDLA30-10               4x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   -4.0

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.1.4.

###### 5.2.3.1.4\_1 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH Mapping Type A and LTE-NR coexistence performance - 4x4 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.1.4\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-61 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.4\_1.1.

##### 5.2.3.1.4\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-61 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward supporting
4 Rx antenna ports and capability IE *rateMatchingLTE-CRS but not
supporting* capability IE *additionalDMRS-DL-Alt*.

Test1-1 also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC supporting 4 Rx antenna ports and capability IE
*rateMatchingLTE-CRS but not supporting* capability IE
*additionalDMRS-DL-Alt*.

Test 1-2 applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward supporting
4 Rx antenna ports and capability IE *additionalDMRS-DL-Alt and*
*rateMatchingLTE-CRS*.

Test 1-2 also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC supporting 4 Rx antenna ports and capability IE
*additionalDMRS-DL-Alt and* *rateMatchingLTE-CRS*.

##### 5.2.3.1.4\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-61 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.4\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-55 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.4\_1.3.1 with the following exceptions:

\- Use Figure A.3.1.7.4 for TE diagram

\- Use Figure A.3.2.5 for UE diagram

\- Instead of 5.2.2.1.4.x refer 5.2.2.3.4.x

##### 5.2.3.1.4\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-55 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.4\_1.3.2 with the following exceptions:

\- Instead of 5.2.2.1.4.x refer 5.2.2.3.4.x

##### 5.2.3.1.4\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-54 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.4\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.1.4\_1.3.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-56 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.1.4.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.1.4\_1.3.4-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.1.4\_1.3.4-1: Test requirement for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-7.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        TDLA30-10               4x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   -3.0
  1-2         R.PDSCH.1-7.2 FDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        TDLA30-10               4x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   -3.0

##### 5.2.3.1.5 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH 0.001% BLER performance

##### 5.2.3.1.5.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-51 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.5.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.1.5.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.5.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.1.5.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                       Test index
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the PDSCH 0.001% BLER performance under 4 receive antenna conditions   1-1

Table 5.2.3.1.5.0-2: Test parameters

  Parameter                                                                  Unit                                                      Value   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------- -----------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                          FDD     
  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                  1       
                                                                             Mapping type                                                      Type A
                                                                             k0                                                                0
                                                                             Starting symbol (S)                                               2
                                                                             Length (L)                                                        12
  PDSCH configuration                                                        PDSCH aggregation factor                                          1
                                                                             PRB bundling type                                                 Static
                                                                             PRB bundling size                                                 2
                                                                             Resource allocation type                                          Type 0
                                                                             RBG size                                                          Config2
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                           Non-interleaved
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                        N/A
  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                   DMRS Type                                                         Type 1
                                                                             Number of additional DMRS                                         1
                                                                             Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS           1
  Maximum number of HARQ transmission                                                                                                  1       
  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                             4       
  The number of slots between PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             2       

Table 5.2.3.1.5.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value   
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Target BLER       SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-1.4 FDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.59                        AWGN                    1x4, ULA Low                                   0.001%            0.7

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.1.5.

###### 5.2.3.1.5\_1 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH 0.001% BLER performance - 1x4 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.1.5\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-62 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH 0.001% BLER performance under 4 receive antenna
conditions.

##### 5.2.3.1.5\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-62 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE *dl-64QAM-MCS-TableAlt* and capability IE *cqi-TableAlt*.

##### 5.2.3.1.5\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-62 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.5\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-56 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.3
for TE diagram and section A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2.3.1.5.0-2 and Table 5.2.3.1.5.0-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.1.5\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.1.5\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-56 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.1.5.0-3. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.3.1.5\_1.3.4-1.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.4. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.4.3-1 in Annex G.

##### 5.2.3.1.5\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-55 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.5\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-39 .H6}

As defined in clause 5.4.2 of TS 38.508-1 \[6\] with the following
exceptions:

Table 5.2.3.1.5\_1.3.3\_1-1: PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2-19                                                                                         
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                       Value/remark   Comment                           Condition
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList::= SEQUENCE(SIZE(1..maxNrofDL-Allocations)) OF {   2 entry                                          FR1
  mcs-Table                                                                                 qam64LowSE                                       
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  k0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      53             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=12   
  }                                                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                                                          

##### 5.2.3.1.5\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-37 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.1.5\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.3.1.5\_1.3.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-57 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.1.5.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.1.5\_1.3.4-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.1.5\_1.3.4-1: Test requirement for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value   
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Target BLER       SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-1.4 FDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.59                        AWGN                    1x4, ULA Low                                   0.001%            1.8

##### 5.2.3.1.6 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH repetitions over multiple slots performance

##### 5.2.3.1.6.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-52 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.6.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.1.6.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.6.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.1.6.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                           Test index
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the PDSCH repetitions over multiple slots performance under 4 receive antenna conditions   1-1

Table 5.2.3.1.6.0-2: Test parameters

  Parameter                                                                                      Unit                                                      Value   
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------- -----------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                                              FDD     
  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                                      1       
  PDSCH configuration                                                                            Mapping type                                                      Type A
                                                                                                 k0                                                                0
                                                                                                 Starting symbol (S)                                               2
                                                                                                 Length (L)                                                        12
                                                                                                 PDSCH aggregation factor                                          2
                                                                                                 PRB bundling type                                                 Static
                                                                                                 PRB bundling size                                                 2
                                                                                                 Resource allocation type                                          Type 0
                                                                                                 RBG size                                                          Config2
                                                                                                 VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                           Non-interleaved
                                                                                                 VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                        N/A
  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                                       DMRS Type                                                         Type 1
                                                                                                 Number of additional DMRS                                         1
                                                                                                 Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS           1
  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                                                 4       
  The number of slots between final repetition of PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             2       

Table 5.2.3.1.6.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

  Test num.                                                                                                                                                                                           Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value   
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Target BLER       SNR (dB)
  1-1                                                                                                                                                                                                 R.PDSCH.1-11.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.54                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   1% (Note 1)       -2.3
  Note 1: BLER is defined as residual BLER; i.e. ratio of incorrectly received transport blocks / sent transport blocks, independently of the number HARQ transmission(s) for each transport block.                                                                                                                                                                                                

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.1.6.

###### 5.2.3.1.6\_1 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH repetitions over multiple slots performance - 2x4 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.1.6\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-63 .H6}

To Verify the PDSCH repetitions over multiple slots performance under 4
receive antenna conditions.

##### 5.2.3.1.6\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-63 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE dl-64QAM-MCS-TableAlt and *pdsch-RepetitionMultiSlots*.

Test 1-1 also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 16 and forward
supporting EN-DC and capability IE dl-64QAM-MCS-TableAlt and
pdsch-RepetitionMultiSlots.

##### 5.2.3.1.6\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-63 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.6\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-57 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.4
for TE diagram and section A.3.2.5 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2.3.1.6.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.1.6\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.1.6\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-57 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.1.6.0-3. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC. The UE may expect that the TB is repeated
with same symbol allocation among each of the *pdsch-AggregationFactor*
consecutive slots.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.3.1.6\_1.3.4-1.

3\. Measure the BLER for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the number of
correctly and incorrectly received transport bloks based on ACK/NACK
feedback on the UL during each subtest and decide pass or fail according
to clause G.1.5 and Table G.1.5-1a in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.3.1.6\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-56 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.6\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-40 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.6\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.3.1.6\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-41 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.6\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.3.1s.6\_1.3.4 Test requirement {#s.6_1.3.4-test-requirement .H6}

Table 5.2.3.1.6.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The target BLER for the downlink reference measurement channels
specified in Annex A.3.2.1 for each BLER test shall meet or exceed the
specified value in Table 5.2.3.1.6\_1.3.4-1 for the specified SNR
including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.1.6\_1.3.4-1: Test requirement for Rank 1

  Test num.                                                                                                                                                                                           Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value   
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Target BLER       SNR (dB)
  1-1                                                                                                                                                                                                 R.PDSCH.1-11.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.54                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   1% (Note 1)       -1.4
  Note 1: BLER is defined as residual BLER; i.e. ratio of incorrectly received transport blocks / sent transport blocks, independently of the number HARQ transmission(s) for each transport block.                                                                                                                                                                                                

##### 5.2.3.1.7 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH Mapping Type B and UE processing capability 2 performance

##### 5.2.3.1.7.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-53 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.7.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.1.7.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.7.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.1.7.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                        Test index
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify PDSCH mapping Type B performance and UE processing capability 2 under four receive antenna conditions   1-1

Table 5.2.3.1.7.0-2: Test parameters

  Parameter                                                                  Unit                                                      Value   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------- -----------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                          FDD     
  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                  1       
  PDSCH configuration                                                        Mapping type                                                      Type B
                                                                             k0                                                                0
                                                                             Starting symbol (S)                                               2
                                                                             Length (L)                                                        2
                                                                             PDSCH aggregation factor                                          1
                                                                             PRB bundling type                                                 Static
                                                                             PRB bundling size                                                 2
                                                                             Resource allocation type                                          Type 0
                                                                             RBG size                                                          Config2
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                           Non-interleaved
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                        N/A
  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                   DMRS Type                                                         Type 1
                                                                             Number of additional DMRS                                         0
                                                                             Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS           1
  Maximum number of HARQ transmission                                                                                                  1       
  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                             2       
  The number of slots between PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             0       

Table 5.2.3.1.7.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                         Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-12.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   -2.3

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.1.7.

###### 5.2.3.1.7\_1 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH Mapping Type B and UE processing capability 2 performance - 2x4 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.1.7\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-64 .H6}

To verify PDSCH mapping Type B performance and UE processing capability
2 under four receive antenna conditions.

##### 5.2.3.1.7\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-64 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE *pdsch-ProcessingType2*.

##### 5.2.3.1.7\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-64 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.7\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-58 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.4
for TE diagram and section A.3.2.5 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2.3.1.7.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.1.7\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.1.7\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-58 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.1.7.0-3. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.3.1.7\_1.4-1.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.3.1.7\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-57 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.7\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-42 .H6}

As defined in clause 5.4.2 of TS 38.508-1 \[6\] with the following
exceptions:

Table 5.2.3.1.7\_1.3.3\_1-1: PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2-19                                                                                        
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- -------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                       Value/remark   Comment                          Condition
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList::= SEQUENCE(SIZE(1..maxNrofDL-Allocations)) OF {   2 entries                                       FR1
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                        
  k0                                                                                        Not present                                     
  mappingType                                                                               typeB                                           
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      16             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=2   
  }                                                                                                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                         

Table 5.2.3.1.7\_1.3.3\_1-2: *PUCCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-112                            
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PUCCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                    FR1
  dl-DataToUL-ACK SEQUENCE (SIZE (1)) OF INTEGER {      1 entry                  
  INTEGER\[1\]                                          0              entry 1   
  }                                                                              
  }                                                                              

Table 5.2.3.1.7\_1.3.3\_1-3: Physical layer parameters for DCI format
1\_1

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.3.6.1.2.2-1                                                                                  
  --------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------- -----------
  Parameter                                                 Value                                                        Value in binary   Condition
  PDSCH-to-HARQ\_feedback timing indicator                  K1=0 as per dl-DataToUL-ACK in Table 5.2.3.1.7\_1.3.3\_1-3   "000"             

Table 5.2.3.1.7\_1.3.3\_1-4: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-25                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                          
  processingType2Enabled                                 true                     
  }                                                                               

##### 5.2.3.1.7\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-38 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.1.7\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.3.1.7\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-58 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.1.7.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.1.7\_1.4-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.1.7\_1.4-1: Test requirement for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                         Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-12.1 FDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   -1.4

##### 5.2.3.1.8 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH pre-emption performance

##### 5.2.3.1.8.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-54 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.8.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.1.8.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.8.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.1.8.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                       Test index
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the PDSCH pre-emption performance under 4 receive antenna conditions   1-1

Table 5.2.3.1.8.0-2: Test parameters

+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
| Parameter         | Unit              | Value |                 |
+===================+===================+=======+=================+
| Duplex mode       |                   | FDD   |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
| Active DL BWP     |                   | 1     |                 |
| index             |                   |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
| PDCCH             | Symbols with      |       | 0, 1            |
| configuration     | PDCCH             |       |                 |
| (Note 4)          |                   |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | DCI format        |       | 2\_1            |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | timeFrequencySet  |       | 14x1            |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
| PDSCH             | Mapping type      |       | Type A          |
| configuration     |                   |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | k0                |       | 0               |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | Starting symbol   |       | 2               |
|                   | (S)               |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | Length (L)        |       | 12              |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | PDSCH aggregation |       | 1               |
|                   | factor            |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | PRB bundling type |       | Static          |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | PRB bundling size |       | 2               |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | Resource          |       | Type 0          |
|                   | allocation type   |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | RBG size          |       | Config2         |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | VRB-to-PRB        |       | Non-interleaved |
|                   | mapping type      |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | VRB-to-PRB        |       | N/A             |
|                   | mapping           |       |                 |
|                   | interleaver       |       |                 |
|                   | bundle size       |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
| PDSCH DMRS        | DMRS Type         |       | Type 1          |
| configuration     |                   |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | Number of         |       | 1               |
|                   | additional DMRS   |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | Maximum number of |       | 1               |
|                   | OFDM symbols for  |       |                 |
|                   | DL front loaded   |       |                 |
|                   | DMRS              |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
| Pre-emption       | Starting symbol   |       | 3               |
| configuration     | (S)               |       |                 |
| (Note 2)          |                   |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | Length (L)        |       | 2               |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
|                   | Pre-emption       | Slots | 10/1            |
|                   | periodicity and   |       |                 |
|                   | offset (Note 3)   |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
| Number of HARQ    |                   | 4     |                 |
| Processes         |                   |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
| The number of     |                   | 2     |                 |
| slots between     |                   |       |                 |
| PDSCH and         |                   |       |                 |
| corresponding     |                   |       |                 |
| HARQ-ACK          |                   |       |                 |
| information       |                   |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+
| Note 1: Void      |                   |       |                 |
|                   |                   |       |                 |
| Note 2:           |                   |       |                 |
| Interference      |                   |       |                 |
| modelled as       |                   |       |                 |
| random data on    |                   |       |                 |
| pre-empted REs.   |                   |       |                 |
|                   |                   |       |                 |
| Note 3:           |                   |       |                 |
| Pre-emption is    |                   |       |                 |
| scheduled with a  |                   |       |                 |
| fixed scheduling  |                   |       |                 |
| with 10%          |                   |       |                 |
| probability       |                   |       |                 |
| within 10ms       |                   |       |                 |
| periodicity.      |                   |       |                 |
|                   |                   |       |                 |
| Note 4: In        |                   |       |                 |
| addition to PDCCH |                   |       |                 |
| configuration in  |                   |       |                 |
| Table 5.2-1.      |                   |       |                 |
+-------------------+-------------------+-------+-----------------+

Table 5.2.3.1.8.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | 16QAM | TDLA  | 2x4,  | 70    | 6.6   |
|       | DSCH. | 15    |       | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-2.6 |       | 0.64  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.1.8.

###### 5.2.3.1.8\_1 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH pre-emption performance - 2x4 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.1.8\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-65 .H6}

To Verify the PDSCH pre-emption performance under 4 receive antenna
conditions.

##### 5.2.3.1.8\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-65 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE *pre-EmptIndication-DL-r16*.

##### 5.2.3.1.8\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-65 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.8\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-59 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.4
for TE diagram and section A.3.2.5 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2.3.1.8.0-2 and Table 5.2.3.1.8.0-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.1.8\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.1.8\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-59 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.1.8.0-3. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. SS transmits PDCCH DCI format 2\_1 for int\_RNTI with 10%
probability to transmit the DL Preemption indication according to Table
5.2.3.1.8.0-2. In the time and frequency set indicated by PDCCH DCI
format 2\_1, SS stops transmission of PDSCH.

3\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.3.1.8\_1.3.4-1.

4\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.3.1.8\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-58 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.8\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-43 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.8\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.3.1.8\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-39 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.8\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.3.1.8\_1.3.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-59 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.1.8.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.1.8\_1.3.4-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.1.8\_1.3.4-1: Minimum performance for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | 16QAM | TDLA  | 2x4,  | 70    | 7.6   |
|       | DSCH. | 15    |       | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-2.6 |       | 0.64  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.3.1.9 4Rx FDD FR1 HST-SFN performance

##### 5.2.3.1.9.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-55 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.9.0-3, with
the test parameters defined in Table 5.2.3.1.9.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.2.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.9.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.1.9.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                                    Test index
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify PDSCH performance under 4 receive antenna conditions in the HST-SFN scenario defined in B.3.2 when highSpeedDemodFlag-r16 IE \[20\] is configured   1-1

Table 5.2.3.1.9.0-2: Test Parameters for Testing

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Parameter                                                                  Unit                                                      Value   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------- ---------------------------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                          FDD     

  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                  1       

  PDSCH configuration                                                        Mapping type                                                      Type A

                                                                             k0                                                                0

                                                                             Starting symbol (S)                                               2

                                                                             Length (L)                                                        12

                                                                             PDSCH aggregation factor                                          1

                                                                             PRB bundling type                                                 Static

                                                                             PRB bundling size                                                 2

                                                                             Resource allocation type                                          Type 0

                                                                             RBG size                                                          Config2

                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                           Non-interleaved

                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                        N/A

  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                   DMRS Type                                                         Type 1

                                                                             Number of additional DMRS                                         2

                                                                             Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS           1

  CSI-RS for tracking                                                        CSI-RS periodicity                                        Slots   10 for CSI-RS resource 1,2,3,4.

                                                                             CSI-RS offset                                             Slots   1 for CSI-RS resource 1 and 2\
                                                                                                                                               2 for CSI-RS resource 3 and 4.

  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                             4       

  The number of slots between PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             2       
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table 5.2.3.1.9.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-8.3 FDD   10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   10.4

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.1.9.

###### 5.2.3.1.9\_1 4Rx FDD FR1 HST-SFN performance - 2x4 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.1.9\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-66 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance under 4 receive antenna conditions in
the HST-SFN scenario defined in B.3.2 when *highSpeedDemodFlag-r16* IE
\[20\] is configured and with different channel models, MCSs and number
of MIMO layers for a specified downlink Reference Measurement Channel
(RMC) to achieve a certain throughput and as well verify the HARQ soft
combining with default baseline receiver configuration, for Rank 2
scenarios.

##### 5.2.3.1.9\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-66 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward
supporting enhanced demodulation processing for HST-SFN joint
transmission scheme.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC and supporting enhanced demodulation processing for
HST-SFN joint transmission scheme.

##### 5.2.3.1.9\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-66 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.9\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-60 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.4
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.5 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.3.1.9.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.1.9\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.1.9\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-60 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.3.1.9\_1.4-1. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.3.1.9\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Tables 5.2.3.1.9\_1.4-1
as appropriate.

##### 5.2.3.1.9\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-59 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.3.1.9\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-44 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.1.9\_1.3.3\_1-1: PDSCH-Config

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                                    
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ----------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment           Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                             
  prb-BundlingType CHOICE {                                                               
  staticBundling SEQUENCE {                                                               
  bundleSize                                             Not present    n2 for test 1-1   
  }                                                                                       
  }                                                                                       
  }                                                                                       

Table 5.2.3.1.9\_1.3.3\_1-2: DMRS-DownlinkConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-24                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- -------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment        Condition
  DMRS-DownlinkConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                   
  dmrs-AdditionalPosition                                pos2           for test 1-1   
  }                                                                                    

Table 5.2.3.1.9\_1.3.3\_1-3: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-25                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- -------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment        Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                               
  nrofHARQ-ProcessesForPDSCH                             n4             for test 1-1   
  }                                                                                    

Table 5.2.3.1.9\_1.3.3\_1-4: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Tracking

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-9 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CS              |                 |                 |           |
| I-ResourcePerio |                 |                 |           |
| dicityAndOffset |                 |                 |           |
| ::= CHOICE {    |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| slots10         | 1 for CSI-RS    | For test 1-1:   |           |
|                 | resource \#1    |                 |           |
|                 | and \#2         | offset = 1 for  |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | 2 for CSI-RS    | 1 and 2         |           |
|                 | resource \#3    |                 |           |
|                 | and \#4         | offset =2 for   |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 |                 | 3 and 4.        |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

##### 5.2.3.1.9\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-40 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.1.9\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.3.1.9\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-60 .H6}

Tables 5.2.3.1.9\_1.4-1 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.1.9\_1.4-1 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.1.9\_1.4-1: Test Requirements for Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                        Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-8.3 FDD   10 / 15                                      16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   11

##### 5.2.3.1.10 4Rx FDD FR1 HST DPS performance

##### 5.2.3.1.10.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-56 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.10.0-3, with
the test parameters defined in Table 5.2.3.1.10.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.2.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.10.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.1.10.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                          Test index
  ---------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify UE performance in the HST-DPS scenario defined in B.3.3   1-1, 1-2

Table 5.2.3.1.10.0-2: Test Parameters for Testing

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Parameter   | Unit        | Value       |             |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| Duplex mode |             | FDD         |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Active DL   |             | 1           |             |             |
| BWP index   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDCCH       | TCI state   |             | Note 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH       | Mapping     |             | Type A      |             |
| co          | type        |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | k0          |             | 0           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Starting    |             | 2           |             |
|             | symbol (S)  |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Length (L)  |             | 12          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PDSCH       |             | 1           |             |
|             | aggregation |             |             |             |
|             | factor      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | Static      |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | 2           |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | size        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    |             | Type 0      |             |
|             | allocation  |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | RBG size    |             | Config2     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | Non-        |             |
|             | mapping     |             | interleaved |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | N/A         |             |
|             | mapping     |             |             |             |
|             | interleaver |             |             |             |
|             | bundle size |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | TCI state   |             | Note 1      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH DMRS  | DMRS Type   |             | Type 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 2           |             |
|             | additional  |             |             |             |
|             | DMRS        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Maximum     |             | 1           |             |
|             | number of   |             |             |             |
|             | OFDM        |             |             |             |
|             | symbols for |             |             |             |
|             | DL front    |             |             |             |
|             | loaded DMRS |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CSI-RS for  | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 5    |
| tracking    | set \#1     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 1  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 3       |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 9    |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 2  |
|             |             |             |             | and 4       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 10 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 1,2,3,4.    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | and 2\      |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 3  |
|             |             |             |             | and 4       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#2         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 6    |
|             | set \#2     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 5  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 7       |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 10   |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 6  |
|             |             |             |             | and 8       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 10 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 5,6,7,8.    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 5  |
|             |             |             |             | and 6\      |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 7  |
|             |             |             |             | and 8       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#3         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NZP CSI-RS  | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 12   |
| for CSI     | set \#3     | symbol in   |             |             |
| acquisition |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#0         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 13   |
|             | set \#4     | symbol in   |             |             |
|             |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#1         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#0         | information | resource    |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#1\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#1         | information | resource    |             | resource 5  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#2\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#0     |
| \#2         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#1     |
| \#3         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Number of   |             | 4           |             |             |
| HARQ        |             |             |             |             |
| Processes   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| The number  |             | 2           |             |             |
| of slots    |             |             |             |             |
| between     |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| rresponding |             |             |             |             |
| HARQ-ACK    |             |             |             |             |
| information |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Note 1: SSB |             |             |             |             |
| \# (k mod   |             |             |             |             |
| 2) , CSI-RS |             |             |             |             |
| (for        |             |             |             |             |
| tracking)   |             |             |             |             |
| resource    |             |             |             |             |
| set \# ((k  |             |             |             |             |
| mod 2) + 1) |             |             |             |             |
| and CSI-RS  |             |             |             |             |
| (for CSI    |             |             |             |             |
| a           |             |             |             |             |
| cquisition) |             |             |             |             |
| resource    |             |             |             |             |
| set \# ((k  |             |             |             |             |
| mod 2) + 3) |             |             |             |             |
| are         |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| by k^th^    |             |             |             |             |
| RRH.        |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| For Test    |             |             |             |             |
| 1-1, TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| state       |             |             |             |             |
| switching   |             |             |             |             |
| command     |             |             |             |             |
| scheduled   |             |             |             |             |
| by MAC CE   |             |             |             |             |
| with PDSCH  |             |             |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
| - MCS 4,    |             |             |             |             |
| Layer 1,    |             |             |             |             |
| StartRB 24, |             |             |             |             |
| NumOfRB 28  |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| in slot \#i |             |             |             |             |
| that        |             |             |             |             |
| satisfy     |             |             |             |             |
| ![]         |             |             |             |             |
| (./media/im |             |             |             |             |
| age6.png)![ |             |             |             |             |
| ](./media/i |             |             |             |             |
| mage6.png). |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH       |             |             |             |             |
| associated  |             |             |             |             |
| with TCI \# |             |             |             |             |
| (k mod 2)   |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| by k^th^    |             |             |             |             |
| RRH from    |             |             |             |             |
| slot\#      |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| $\max\lb    |             |             |             |             |
| rack\left(  |             |             |             |             |
| 2k - 1 \rig |             |             |             |             |
| ht)n + 1 +  |             |             |             |             |
| T_{\text{HA |             |             |             |             |
| RQ}} + T_{\ |             |             |             |             |
| text{MAC\ p |             |             |             |             |
| roc}} + T_{ |             |             |             |             |
| \text{first |             |             |             |             |
| TRS}} + T_{ |             |             |             |             |
| \text{TRS\  |             |             |             |             |
| proc}},\ 0$ |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| to          |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| > slot\#    |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| $$\l        |             |             |             |             |
| eft( 2k + 1 |             |             |             |             |
|  \right)n$$ |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH are   |             |             |             |             |
| DTXed in    |             |             |             |             |
| other slots |             |             |             |             |
| in which    |             |             |             |             |
| throughput  |             |             |             |             |
| statistics  |             |             |             |             |
| are not     |             |             |             |             |
| considered. |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| > For Test  |             |             |             |             |
| > 1-2, TCI  |             |             |             |             |
| > state     |             |             |             |             |
| > switching |             |             |             |             |
| > command   |             |             |             |             |
| > scheduled |             |             |             |             |
| > by MAC CE |             |             |             |             |
| > with      |             |             |             |             |
| > PDSCH     |             |             |             |             |
| > co        |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
| > - MCS 4,  |             |             |             |             |
| > Layer 1,  |             |             |             |             |
| > StartRB   |             |             |             |             |
| > 24,       |             |             |             |             |
| > NumOfRB   |             |             |             |             |
| > 28 is     |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| > in slot   |             |             |             |             |
| > \#i that  |             |             |             |             |
| > satisfy   |             |             |             |             |
| > ![]       |             |             |             |             |
| (./media/im |             |             |             |             |
| age6.png)![ |             |             |             |             |
| ](./media/i |             |             |             |             |
| mage6.png). |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| > PDCCH and |             |             |             |             |
| > PDSCH     |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
|  associated |             |             |             |             |
| > with TCI  |             |             |             |             |
| > \# (k mod |             |             |             |             |
| > 2) is     |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| > by k^th^  |             |             |             |             |
| > RRH from: |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| > slot\#    |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| > $\m       |             |             |             |             |
| ax\lbrack\l |             |             |             |             |
| eft( 2k - 1 |             |             |             |             |
|  \right)n + |             |             |             |             |
|  1 + T_{\te |             |             |             |             |
| xt{HARQ}} + |             |             |             |             |
|  T_{\text{M |             |             |             |             |
| AC\ proc}}, |             |             |             |             |
| \ 0\rbrack$ |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| to          |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| > slot\#    |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| > $\lef     |             |             |             |             |
| t( 2k + 1 \ |             |             |             |             |
| right)n\ ,$ |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| > PDCCH and |             |             |             |             |
| > PDSCH are |             |             |             |             |
| > DTXed in  |             |             |             |             |
| > other     |             |             |             |             |
| > slots in  |             |             |             |             |
| > which     |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
|  throughput |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
|  statistics |             |             |             |             |
| > are not   |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| considered. |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| > Where     |             |             |             |             |
| > k=0, 1,   |             |             |             |             |
| > 2... is   |             |             |             |             |
| > the RRH   |             |             |             |             |
| > number, n |             |             |             |             |
| > = 2520 is |             |             |             |             |
| > half of   |             |             |             |             |
| > the       |             |             |             |             |
| > number of |             |             |             |             |
| > slots     |             |             |             |             |
| > between   |             |             |             |             |
| > two RRH,  |             |             |             |             |
| > !         |             |             |             |             |
| [](./media/ |             |             |             |             |
| image7.png) |             |             |             |             |
| > ![]       |             |             |             |             |
| (./media/im |             |             |             |             |
| age8.png)![ |             |             |             |             |
| ](./media/i |             |             |             |             |
| mage8.png)= |             |             |             |             |
| > 2         |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| > is the    |             |             |             |             |
| > number of |             |             |             |             |
| > slots     |             |             |             |             |
| > between   |             |             |             |             |
| > PDSCH and |             |             |             |             |
| > co        |             |             |             |             |
| rresponding |             |             |             |             |
| > HARQ-ACK  |             |             |             |             |
| > i         |             |             |             |             |
| nformation, |             |             |             |             |
| > ![]       |             |             |             |             |
| (./media/im |             |             |             |             |
| age9.png)$T |             |             |             |             |
| _{\text{MAC |             |             |             |             |
| \ proc}}$$\ |             |             |             |             |
|  T_{\text{M |             |             |             |             |
| AC\ proc}}$ |             |             |             |             |
| > = 3 is    |             |             |             |             |
| > the       |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| > number of |             |             |             |             |
| > slots for |             |             |             |             |
| > MAC CE    |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| processing, |             |             |             |             |
| > ![        |             |             |             |             |
| ](./media/i |             |             |             |             |
| mage10.png) |             |             |             |             |
| > ![](.     |             |             |             |             |
| /media/imag |             |             |             |             |
| e11.png)![] |             |             |             |             |
| (./media/im |             |             |             |             |
| age11.png)= |             |             |             |             |
| > 6 is the  |             |             |             |             |
| > number of |             |             |             |             |
| > slots to  |             |             |             |             |
| > first TRS |             |             |             |             |
| > t         |             |             |             |             |
| ransmission |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| > occasion  |             |             |             |             |
| > after MAC |             |             |             |             |
| > CE        |             |             |             |             |
| > command   |             |             |             |             |
| > is        |             |             |             |             |
| > decoded   |             |             |             |             |
| > by the    |             |             |             |             |
| > UE,       |             |             |             |             |
| > ![](      |             |             |             |             |
| ./media/ima |             |             |             |             |
| ge12.png)$T |             |             |             |             |
| _{\text{TRS |             |             |             |             |
| \ proc}}$$\ |             |             |             |             |
|  T_{\text{T |             |             |             |             |
| RS\ proc}}$ |             |             |             |             |
| > = 2 is    |             |             |             |             |
| > the       |             |             |             |             |
| > number of |             |             |             |             |
| > slots for |             |             |             |             |
| > TRS       |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| processing. |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Table 5.2.3.1.10.0-3: Minimum performance for HST-DPS

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Number of active PDSCH TCI states   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ----------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-8.4 FDD   10 / 15                                      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.6
  1-2         R.PDSCH.1-8.4 FDD   10 / 15                                      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.6

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.1.10.

###### 5.2.3.1.10\_1 4Rx FDD FR1 HST-DPS performance - 2x4 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.1.10\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-67 .H6}

To verify UE performance in the HST-DPS scenario defined in B.3.3 and
with different channel models, MCSs and number of MIMO layers for a
specified downlink Reference Measurement Channel (RMC) to achieve a
certain throughput and as well verify the HARQ soft combining with
default baseline receiver configuration, for Rank 2 scenarios.

##### 5.2.3.1.10\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-67 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward.

Test 1-1 also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC.

Test 1-2 applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward supporting
*maxNumberActiveTCI-PerBWP other than n1 and
maxSimultaneousResourceSetsPerCC* atleast 2.

Test 1-2 also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC and supporting *maxNumberActiveTCI-PerBWP other than n1
and maxSimultaneousResourceSetsPerCC atleast 2*.

##### 5.2.3.1.10\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-67 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.10\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-61 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.4
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.5 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.3.1.10.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.1.10\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.1.10\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-61 .H6}

Test 1-1:

1\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.3.1.10\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

2\. SS is configured to transmit SSB and CSI-RS continuously and
schedule PDSCH and PDCCH transmission according to Note 1 in table
5.2.3.1.10.0-2. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI
to transmit the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.1.10\_1.4-1. The SS
sends downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

Note: All TCI states are known to the UE through configuration inside
RrcReconfiguration. There is no need to configure additional L1-RSRP
measurements.

3\. Send MAC CE command "TCI State Indication for UE-specific PDCCH"
according to the timing described in Note 1 of table 5.2.3.1.10.0-2 to
switch from active TCI state 0 to 1 for PDCCH and vice versa
periodically. PDSCH is automatically associated with TCI state 0 or 1 as
tci-PresentInDCI is not present. TCI states 3 and 4 for SSBs are
automatically activated through relation of QCL-Info in NZP CSI-RS.

4\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

Test 1-2:

1\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.3.1.10\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

2\. SS activates TCI state 0 and TCI 1 for PDSCH at the same time via
MAC CE command "TCI States Activation/Deactivation for UE-specific
PDSCH".

3\. SS is configured to transmit SSB and CSI-RS continuously and
schedule PDSCH and PDCCH transmission according to Note 1 in table
5.2.3.1.10.0-2. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI
to transmit the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.1.10\_1.4-1. The SS
sends downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

Note: All TCI states are known to the UE through configuration inside
RrcReconfiguration. There is no need to configure additional L1-RSRP
measurements.

4\. Send MAC CE command "TCI State Indication for UE-specific PDCCH"
according to the timing described in Note 1 of table 5.2.3.1.10.0-2 to
switch from active TCI state 0 to 1 for PDCCH and vice versa
periodically. PDSCH is automatically associated with TCI state 0 or 1 as
tci-PresentInDCI is not present. TCI states 3 and 4 for SSBs are
automatically activated through relation of QCL-Info in NZP CSI-RS.

5\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.3.1.10\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-60 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.3.1.10\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-45 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-1: PDSCH-Config

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                               
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------ ---------------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment      Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                        
  prb-BundlingType CHOICE {                                                          
  staticBundling SEQUENCE {                                                          
  bundleSize                                             Not present    n2 is used   test 1-1, 1-2
  }                                                                                  
  }                                                                                  
  }                                                                                  

Table 5.2.3.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-2: DMRS-DownlinkConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-24                                      
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment             Condition
  DMRS-DownlinkConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                        
  dmrs-AdditionalPosition                                pos2           for test 1-1, 1-2   
  }                                                                                         

Table 5.2.3.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-3: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-25                                      
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment             Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                    
  nrofHARQ-ProcessesForPDSCH                             n4             for test 1-1, 1-2   
  }                                                                                         

Table 5.2.3.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-4: NZP-CSI-RS-Resource for TRS

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-8 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| NZP-            |                 |                 |           |
| CSI-RS-Resource |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| nzp-CS          | i-1 for CSI-RS  | for test 1-1,   |           |
| I-RS-ResourceId | resource \#i,   | 1-2             |           |
|                 | i=              |                 |           |
|                 | 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| qcl-Inf         | 2 for CSI-RS    | for test 1-1,   |           |
| oPeriodicCSI-RS | resource \#1,   | 1-2:            |           |
|                 | \#2, \#3, \#4   |                 |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-StateId for |           |
|                 | 3 for CSI-RS    | TCI-State \#2   |           |
|                 | resource \#5,   | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 | \#6, \#7, \#8   | resource \#1,   |           |
|                 |                 | \#2, \#3, \#4   |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-StateId for |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-State \#3   |           |
|                 |                 | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#5,   |           |
|                 |                 | \#6, \#7, \#8   |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.3.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-5: CSI-RS-ResourceMapping for TRS (Table
5.2.3.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-4)

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-9 |                 |                 |           |
| with condition  |                 |                 |           |
| TRS             |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CSI-RS-         |                 |                 |           |
| ResourceMapping |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| firstOFDMSym    | 5 for CSI-RS    | for test 1-1,   |           |
| bolInTimeDomain | resource \#1    | 1-2:            |           |
|                 | and \#3         |                 |           |
|                 |                 | l~0~ = 5 for    |           |
|                 | 9 for CSI-RS    | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | resource \#2    | 1 and 3         |           |
|                 | and \#4         |                 |           |
|                 |                 | l~0~ = 9 for    |           |
|                 | 6 for CSI-RS    | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | resource \#5    | 2 and 4         |           |
|                 | and \#7         |                 |           |
|                 |                 | l~0~ = 6 for    |           |
|                 | 10 for CSI-RS   | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | resource \#6    | 5 and 7         |           |
|                 | and \#8         |                 |           |
|                 |                 | l~0~ = 10 for   |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 |                 | 6 and 8         |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.3.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-6: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for TRS
(Table 5.2.3.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-4)

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table           |                 |                 |           |
| 5.4.2.0-10      |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CS              |                 |                 |           |
| I-ResourcePerio |                 |                 |           |
| dicityAndOffset |                 |                 |           |
| ::= CHOICE {    |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| slots10         | 1 for CSI-RS    | For test 1-1,   |           |
|                 | resource \#1,   | 1-2:            |           |
|                 | \#2, \#5, \#6   |                 |           |
|                 |                 | periodicity:    |           |
|                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |                 |           |
|                 | resource \#3    | 10 slots.       |           |
|                 | \#4, \#7, \#8   |                 |           |
|                 |                 | offset:         |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 1 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 2\              |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 3 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 4               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 5 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 6\              |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 7 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 8               |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.3.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-7: NZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet for TRS

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 5.4.2.0-12     |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-       |                |                |                |
| RS-ResourceSet |                |                |                |
| ::= SEQUENCE { |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp\_CSI\      | 0 for Resource | For test 1-1,  |                |
| _ResourceSetId | set \#1        | 1-2            |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 1 for Resource |                |                |
|                | set \#2        |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 4 entries      | For test 1-1,  | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                | 1-2            | \#1            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 0              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#1   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 1              | entry 2        |                |
| esourceId\[2\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#2   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 2              | entry 3        |                |
| esourceId\[3\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#3   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 3              | entry 4        |                |
| esourceId\[4\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#4   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 4 entries      | For test 1-1,  | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                | 1-2            | \#2            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 4              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#5   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 5              | entry 2        |                |
| esourceId\[2\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#6   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 6              | entry 3        |                |
| esourceId\[3\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#7   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 7              | entry 4        |                |
| esourceId\[4\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#8   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.3.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-8: NZP-CSI-RS-Resource for CSI Acquisition

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table           |                 |                 |           |
| 5.4.2.0-14      |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| NZP-            |                 |                 |           |
| CSI-RS-Resource |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| nzp-CS          | 8 for CSI-RS    | for test 1-1,   |           |
| I-RS-ResourceId | resource \#9    | 1-2             |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 9 for CSI-RS    |                 |           |
|                 | resource \#10   |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| qcl-Inf         | 0 for CSI-RS    | for test 1-1,   |           |
| oPeriodicCSI-RS | resource \#9    | 1-2:            |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 1 for CSI-RS    | TCI-State \#0   |           |
|                 | resource \#10   | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#9    |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-State \#1   |           |
|                 |                 | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#10   |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.3.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-9: CSI-RS-ResourceMapping for CSI Acquisition
(Table 5.2.3.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-8)

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table           |                 |                 |           |
| 5.4.2.0-15      |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CSI-RS-         |                 |                 |           |
| ResourceMapping |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| firstOFDMSym    | 12 for CSI-RS   | for test 1-1,   |           |
| bolInTimeDomain | resource \#9    | 1-2             |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 13 for CSI-RS   | l~0~=12 for     |           |
|                 | resource \#10   | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 |                 | \#9             |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | l~0~=13 for     |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 |                 | \#10            |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.3.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-10: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Acquisition (Table 5.2.3.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-8)

+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| Derivation Path:  |              |                   |           |
| TS 38.508-1       |              |                   |           |
| \[6\], Table      |              |                   |           |
| 5.4.2.0-16        |              |                   |           |
+===================+==============+===================+===========+
| Information       | Value/remark | Comment           | Condition |
| Element           |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| CSI-ResourcePer   |              |                   |           |
| iodicityAndOffset |              |                   |           |
| ::= CHOICE {      |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| slots20           | 0            | For test 1-1,     |           |
|                   |              | 1-2:              |           |
|                   |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | periodicity = 20  |           |
|                   |              | slots.            |           |
|                   |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | offset = 0 slots  |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| }                 |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.3.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-11: NZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet for CSI
Acquisition

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 5.4.2.0-18     |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-       |                |                |                |
| RS-ResourceSet |                |                |                |
| ::= SEQUENCE { |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp\_CSI\      | 2 for Resource | For test 1-1,  |                |
| _ResourceSetId | set \#3        | 1-2            |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 3 for Resource |                |                |
|                | set \#4        |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 1 entry        | For test 1-1,  | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                | 1-2            | \#3            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 8              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#9   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 1 entry        | For test 1-1,  | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                | 1-2            | \#4            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 9              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#10  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.3.1.10\_1.3.3\_1-12: TCI-State

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 4.6.3-190      |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| TCI-State ::=  |                |                |                |
| SEQUENCE {     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| tci-StateId    | 0 for TCI      | For test 1-1,  |                |
|                | state \#0      | 1-2            |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 1 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#1      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 2 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#2      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 3 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#3      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| qcl-Type1      |                |                |                |
| SEQUENCE {     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| bwp-Id         | BWP-Id of      |                | TCI state \#0, |
|                | active BWP     |                | TCI state \#1  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Not present    |                | TCI state \#2, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#3  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| r              |                |                |                |
| eferenceSignal |                |                |                |
| CHOICE {       |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| csi-rs         | 0              | CSI-RS         | TCI state \#0  |
|                |                | resource \#1   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 4              | CSI-RS         | TCI state \#1  |
|                |                | resource \#5   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| ssb            | 0              | SSB \#0        | TCI state \#2  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 1              | SSB \#1        | TCI state \#3  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| qcl-Type       | typeA          |                | TCI state \#0, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#1  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | typeC          |                | TCI state \#2, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#3  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

##### 5.2.3.1.10\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-41 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.1.10\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.3.1.10\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-61 .H6}

Tables 5.2.3.1.10\_1.4-1 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.1.10\_1.4-1 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.1.10\_1.4-1: Test Requirements for HST-DPS

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Number of active PDSCH TCI states   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ----------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-8.4 FDD   10 / 15                                      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.2
  1-2         R.PDSCH.1-8.4 FDD   10 / 15                                      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.2

##### 5.2.3.1.11 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH Single-DCI based SDM scheme performance

##### 5.2.3.1.11.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-57 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.11.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.1.11.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.11.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.1.11.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                            Test index
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the PDSCH performance with Single-DCI based SDM scheme under 4 receive antenna conditions   1-1,1-2

Table 5.2.3.1.11.0-2: Test parameters

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        | Unit     | Value    |          |          |          |
| arameter |          |          |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          | TRxP     | TRxP     |          |          |
|          |          | \#1(Note | \#2(Note |          |          |
|          |          | 1)       | 1)       |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Transmit |          | TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |
| TRxP of  |          |          |          |          |          |
| SSB      |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDCCH    | TCI      |          | TCI      |          |          |
| confi    | state    |          | State    |          |          |
| guration |          |          | \#1      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CORESETP |          | 0        |          |          |
|          | oolIndex |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CSI-RS   | First    |          | k0=0 for | k0=1 for |          |
| for      | su       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
| tracking | bcarrier |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | index in |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | the PRB  |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | used for |          |          |          |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | First    |          | l0 = 6   | l0 = 6   |          |
|          | OFDM     |          | for      | for      |          |
|          | symbol   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | in the   |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | PRB used |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | for      |          | 1 and 3  | 5 and 7  |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | l0 = 10  | l0 = 10  |          |
|          |          |          | for      | for      |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 2 and 4  | 6 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1 for    | 1 for    |          |
|          | of       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          | resource | resource |          |
|          | ports    |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | (X)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CDM Type |          | 'No CDM' |          |          |
|          |          |          | for      |          |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   |          |          |
|          |          |          | resource |          |          |
|          |          |          | 1,2,3,4  |          |          |
|          |          |          | ,5,6,7,8 |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Density  |          | 3        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 20       |          |          |
|          | per      |          |          |          |          |
|          | iodicity |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 10 for   | 10 for   |          |
|          | offset   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 1 and 2  | 5 and 6  |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | 11 for   | 11 for   |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 3 and 4  | 7 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | QCL info |          | TCI      |          |          |
|          |          |          | state    |          |          |
|          |          |          | \#0      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Duplex   |          | FDD      |          |          |          |
| mode     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Active   |          | 1        |          |          |          |
| DL BWP   |          |          |          |          |          |
| index    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Mapping  |          | Type A   |          |          |
| confi    | type     |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | k0       |          | 0        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Starting |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | symbol   |          |          |          |          |
|          | (S)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Length   |          | 12       |          |          |
|          | (L)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | Static   |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Resource |          | Type 1   |          |          |
|          | al       |          |          |          |          |
|          | location |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RBG size |          | Config2  |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | Non-int  |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          | erleaved |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | N/A      |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          |          |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | int      |          |          |          |          |
|          | erleaver |          |          |          |          |
|          | bundle   |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Antenna  |          | 1000     | 1002     |          |
| DMRS     | port     |          |          |          |          |
| confi    | indexes  |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | TCI      |          | TCI      | TCI      |          |
|          | state    |          | State    | State    |          |
|          |          |          | \#1      | \#2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | DMRS     |          | Type 1   |          |          |
|          | Type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | of       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ad       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ditional |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Maximum  |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | number   |          |          |          |          |
|          | of OFDM  |          |          |          |          |
|          | symbols  |          |          |          |          |
|          | for DL   |          |          |          |          |
|          | front    |          |          |          |          |
|          | loaded   |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | CSI-RS   | N/A      |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          | resource |          |
| \#1      | inf      |          |          | 1 from   |          |
|          | ormation |          |          | \'CSI-RS |          |
|          |          |          |          | for      |          |
|          |          |          |          | t        |          |
|          |          |          |          | racking' |          |
|          |          |          |          | confi    |          |
|          |          |          |          | guration |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | Type A   | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | CSI-RS   |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          |          | resource |
| \#2      | inf      |          |          |          | 5 from   |
|          | ormation |          |          |          | \'CSI-RS |
|          |          |          |          |          | for      |
|          |          |          |          |          | t        |
|          |          |          |          |          | racking' |
|          |          |          |          |          | confi    |
|          |          |          |          |          | guration |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | Type A   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Resource |          | Full-ove |          |          |          |
| al       |          | rlapping |          |          |          |
| location |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Timing   | us       | -0.5 for |          |          |          |
| offset   |          | test 1-1 |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| second   |          | 2 for    |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          | test 1-2 |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F        | Hz       | 200 for  |          |          |          |
| requency |          | test 1-1 |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          | 0 for    |          |          |          |
| second   |          | test 1-2 |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Number   |          | 4        |          |          |          |
| of HARQ  |          |          |          |          |          |
| P        |          |          |          |          |          |
| rocesses |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| The      |          | 2        |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of slots |          |          |          |          |          |
| between  |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |          |          |          |          |
| and      |          |          |          |          |          |
| corre    |          |          |          |          |          |
| sponding |          |          |          |          |          |
| HARQ-ACK |          |          |          |          |          |
| inf      |          |          |          |          |          |
| ormation |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        |          | SP Type  |          |          |          |
| recoding |          | I,       |          |          |          |
| confi    |          | ind      |          |          |          |
| guration |          | ependent |          |          |          |
|          |          | p        |          |          |          |
|          |          | recoding |          |          |          |
|          |          | ge       |          |          |          |
|          |          | neration |          |          |          |
|          |          | is       |          |          |          |
|          |          | applied  |          |          |          |
|          |          | for both |          |          |          |
|          |          | TRxPs,   |          |          |          |
|          |          | random   |          |          |          |
|          |          | per slot |          |          |          |
|          |          | with PRB |          |          |          |
|          |          | bundling |          |          |          |
|          |          | gra      |          |          |          |
|          |          | nularity |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |          |          |          |          |
| tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smission |          |          |          |          |          |
| is done  |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| both     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxPs    |          |          |          |          |          |
| (PDSCH   |          |          |          |          |          |
| Layer 0  |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| tra      |          |          |          |          |          |
| nsmitted |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |          |          |
| and      |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |          |          |          |          |
| layer 1  |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| tra      |          |          |          |          |          |
| nsmitted |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| \#2)     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.2.3.1.11.0-3: Minimum performance

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  | (Note | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  | 1)    | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | (Note |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | 2)    |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    | (Note |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    | 3)    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | 6     | TDLA  | 2x4,  | 70    | 14.6  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 4QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-3.2 |       | 0.50  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-2   | R.P   | 10 /  | 6     | TDLA  | 2x4,  | 70    | 13.9  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 4QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-3.2 |       | 0.50  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| i     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ndepe |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ndent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orres |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ponds |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4.4.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sc    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aling |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| f     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| actor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1/sq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rt(2) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ransm |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| itted |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ignal |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| from  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.1.11.

###### 5.2.3.1.11\_1 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH Single-DCI based SDM scheme performance - 2x4 MIMO for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.1.11\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-68 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance with Single-DCI based SDM scheme under 4
receive antenna conditions.

##### 5.2.3.1.11\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-68 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE *singleDCI-SDM-scheme-r16*.

##### 5.2.3.1.11\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-68 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.11\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-62 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.4
for TE diagram and section A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2.3.1.11.0-2 and Table 5.2.3.1.11.0-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.1.11\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.1.11\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-62 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.1.11\_1.3.4-1. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.3.1.11\_1.3.4-1.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Table
5.2.3.1.11\_1.3.4-1 as appropriate.

##### 5.2.3.1.11\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-61 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.11\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-46 .H6}

As defined in clause 5.4.2 of TS 38.508-1 \[6\] with the following
exceptions:

Table 5.2.3.1.11\_1.3.3\_1-1: Physical layer parameters for DCI format
1\_1

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.3.6.1.2.2-1                                         
  --------------------------------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------- -----------
  Parameter                                                 Value               Value in binary   Condition
  PDSCH-to-HARQ\_feedback timing indicator                  K1 = 2              "010"             
  Antenna port(s)                                           DMRS port 0 and 2   "1011"            
  Transmission configuration indication                     TCI state 1 and 2   "000"             

Table 5.2.3.1.11\_1.3.3\_1-2: *CellGroupConfig*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-19                             
  ---------------------------------------------------- --------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark    Comment   Condition
  CellGroupConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                 
  simultaneousTCI-UpdateList1-r16 SEQUENCE {                                     
  ServCellIndex \[1\]                                  ServCellIndex             
  }                                                                              
  }                                                                              

Table 5.2.3.1.11\_1.3.3\_1-3: *ControlResourceSet*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-28                            
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  ControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                             
  tci-PresentInDCI                                     enabled                  
  }                                                                             

Table 5.2.3.1.11\_1.3.3\_1-4: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-100                                                                               
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ---------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                            Value/remark                             Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                       
  tci-StatesToAddModList SEQUENCE(SIZE (1.. maxNrofTCI-States)) OF TCI-State {   2 entries                                          
  TCI-State\[1\]                                                                 *TCI-State* with condition TCI-state-0             
  TCI-State\[2\]                                                                 *TCI-State* with condition TCI-state-1             
  TCI-State\[3\]                                                                 *TCI-State* with condition TCI-state-2             
  }                                                                                                                                 
  rbg-Size                                                                       config2                                            
  prb-BundlingType CHOICE {                                                                                                         
  staticBundling SEQUENCE {                                                                                                         
  bundleSize                                                                     Not present                                        
  }                                                                                                                                 
  }                                                                                                                                 
  }                                                                                                                                 

Table 5.2.3.1.11\_1.3.3\_1-5: *TCI-State*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-190                            
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -------------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  TCI-State ::= SEQUENCE {                                                       
  tci-StateId                                           0                        TCI-state-0
                                                        1                        TCI-state-1
                                                        2                        TCI-state-2
  qcl-Type1 SEQUENCE {                                                           
  cell                                                  Not present              
  bwp-Id                                                Not present              
  referenceSignal CHOICE {                                                       
  ssb                                                   SSB-Index                TCI-state-0
  csi-rs                                                1                        TCI-state-1
                                                        5                        TCI-state-2
  }                                                                              
  qcl-Type                                              typeA                    
  }                                                                              
  qcl-Type2                                             Not present              
  }                                                                              

Table 5.2.3.1.11\_1.3.3\_1-6: *NZP-CSI-RS-Resource*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-85                                                    
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment                           Condition
  NZP-CSI-RS-Resource ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                    
  resourceMapping SEQUENCE {                                                                            
  frequencyDomainAllocation CHOICE {                                                                    
  row1                                                 0000           For CSI-RS resources 1, 2, 3, 4   
                                                       0001           For CSI-RS resources 5,6,7,8      
  }                                                                                                     
  nrofPorts                                            p1                                               
  firstOFDMSymbolInTimeDomain                          6              For CSI-RS resources 1,3,5,7      
                                                       10             For CSI-RS resources 2,4,6,8      
  cdm-Type                                             noCDM                                            
  density CHOICE {                                                                                      
  three                                                NULL                                             
  }                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                     
  periodicityAndOffset CHOICE {                                                                         
  slots20                                              10             For CSI-RS resources 1,2,5,6      
  slots20                                              11             For CSI-RS resources 3,4,7,8      
  }                                                                                                     
  qcl-InfoPeriodicCSI-RS                               0                                                
  }                                                                                                     

##### 5.2.3.1.11\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-42 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.1.11\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.3.1.11\_1.3.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-62 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.1.11.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.1.11\_1.3.4-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.1.11\_1.3.4-1: Test requirement

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  | (Note | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  | 1)    | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | (Note |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | 2)    |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    | (Note |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    | 3)    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | 6     | TDLA  | 2x4,  | 70    | 15.6  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 4QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-3.2 |       | 0.50  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-2   | R.P   | 10 /  | 6     | TDLA  | 2x4,  | 70    | 14.9  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 4QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-3.2 |       | 0.50  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| i     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ndepe |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ndent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orres |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ponds |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4.4.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sc    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aling |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| f     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| actor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1/sq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rt(2) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ransm |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| itted |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ignal |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| from  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.3.1.12 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH Multi-DCI based transmission scheme performance

##### 5.2.3.1.12.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-58 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.12.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.1.12.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.12.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.1.12.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                                                    Test index
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the PDSCH performance when UE is configured two different values of CORESETPoolIndex in ControlResourceSet and when UE receives multiple PDCCHs scheduling PDSCHs   1-1

Table 5.2.3.1.12.0-2: Test parameters

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        | Unit     | Value    |          |          |          |
| arameter |          |          |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          | TRxP     | TRxP     |          |          |
|          |          | \#1(Note | \#2(Note |          |          |
|          |          | 1)       | 1)       |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Transmit |          | TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |
| TRxP of  |          |          |          |          |          |
| SSB      |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDCCH    | TCI      |          | TCI      | TCI      |          |
| confi    | state    |          | State    | State    |          |
| guration |          |          | \#1      | \#2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CORESETP |          | 0,1      |          |          |
|          | oolIndex |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | First    |          | k0=0 for | k0=1 for |          |
|          | su       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | bcarrier |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | index in |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | the PRB  |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | used for |          |          |          |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | First    |          | l0 = 6   | l0 = 6   |          |
|          | OFDM     |          | for      | for      |          |
|          | symbol   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | in the   |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | PRB used |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | for      |          | 1 and 3  | 5 and 7  |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | l0 = 10  | l0 = 10  |          |
|          |          |          | for      | for      |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 2 and 4  | 6 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1 for    | 1 for    |          |
|          | of       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          | resource | resource |          |
|          | ports    |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | (X)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CSI-RS   | CDM Type |          | 'No CDM' |          |          |
| for      |          |          | for      |          |          |
| tracking |          |          | CSI-RS   |          |          |
|          |          |          | resource |          |          |
|          |          |          | 1,2,3,4  |          |          |
|          |          |          | ,5,6,7,8 |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Density  |          | 3        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 20       |          |          |
|          | per      |          |          |          |          |
|          | iodicity |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 10 for   | 10 for   |          |
|          | offset   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 1 and 2  | 5 and 6  |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | 11 for   | 11 for   |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 3 and 4  | 7 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | QCL info |          | TCI      |          |          |
|          |          |          | state    |          |          |
|          |          |          | \#0      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Duplex   |          | FDD      |          |          |          |
| mode     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Active   |          | 1        |          |          |          |
| DL BWP   |          |          |          |          |          |
| index    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Mapping  |          | Type A   |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | k0       |          | 0        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Starting |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | symbol   |          |          |          |          |
|          | (S)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Length   |          | 12       |          |          |
|          | (L)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | PRB      |          | Static   |          |          |
| confi    | bundling |          |          |          |          |
| guration | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Resource |          | Type 1   |          |          |
|          | al       |          |          |          |          |
|          | location |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RBG size |          | Config2  |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | Non-int  |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          | erleaved |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | N/A      |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          |          |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | int      |          |          |          |          |
|          | erleaver |          |          |          |          |
|          | bundle   |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Antenna  |          | {10      | {10      |          |
|          | port     |          | 00,1001} | 02,1003} |          |
|          | indexes  |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | TCI      |          | TCI      | TCI      |          |
|          | state    |          | State    | State    |          |
|          |          |          | \#1      | \#2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | DMRS     |          | Type 1   |          |          |
| DMRS     | Type     |          |          |          |          |
| confi    |          |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | of       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ad       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ditional |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Maximum  |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | number   |          |          |          |          |
|          | of OFDM  |          |          |          |          |
|          | symbols  |          |          |          |          |
|          | for DL   |          |          |          |          |
|          | front    |          |          |          |          |
|          | loaded   |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | CSI-RS   | N/A      |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          | resource |          |
| \#1      | inf      |          |          | 1 from   |          |
|          | ormation |          |          | \'CSI-RS |          |
|          |          |          |          | for      |          |
|          |          |          |          | t        |          |
|          |          |          |          | racking' |          |
|          |          |          |          | confi    |          |
|          |          |          |          | guration |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | Type A   | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | CSI-RS   |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          |          | resource |
| \#2      | inf      |          |          |          | 5 from   |
|          | ormation |          |          |          | \'CSI-RS |
|          |          |          |          |          | for      |
|          |          |          |          |          | t        |
|          |          |          |          |          | racking' |
|          |          |          |          |          | confi    |
|          |          |          |          |          | guration |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | Type A   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Resource |          | Non-ove  |          |          |          |
| al       |          | rlapping |          |          |          |
| location |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Timing   | us       | -0.5     |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| second   |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F        | Hz       | 200      |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| second   |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Number   |          | 4        |          |          |          |
| of HARQ  |          |          |          |          |          |
| P        |          |          |          |          |          |
| rocesses |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| The      |          | 2        |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of slots |          |          |          |          |          |
| between  |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |          |          |          |          |
| and      |          |          |          |          |          |
| corre    |          |          |          |          |          |
| sponding |          |          |          |          |          |
| HARQ-ACK |          |          |          |          |          |
| inf      |          |          |          |          |          |
| ormation |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        |          | SP Type  |          |          |          |
| recoding |          | I,       |          |          |          |
| confi    |          | ind      |          |          |          |
| guration |          | ependent |          |          |          |
|          |          | p        |          |          |          |
|          |          | recoding |          |          |          |
|          |          | ge       |          |          |          |
|          |          | neration |          |          |          |
|          |          | is       |          |          |          |
|          |          | applied  |          |          |          |
|          |          | for both |          |          |          |
|          |          | TRxPs,   |          |          |          |
|          |          | random   |          |          |          |
|          |          | per slot |          |          |          |
|          |          | with PRB |          |          |          |
|          |          | bundling |          |          |          |
|          |          | gra      |          |          |          |
|          |          | nularity |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |          |          |          |          |
| tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smission |          |          |          |          |          |
| is done  |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| both     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxPs.   |          |          |          |          |          |
| Tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smission |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |          |          |
| uses     |          |          |          |          |          |
| CORESETP |          |          |          |          |          |
| oolIndex |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0 and    |          |          |          |          |          |
| tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smission |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP \#2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| uses     |          |          |          |          |          |
| CORESETP |          |          |          |          |          |
| oolIndex |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.2.3.1.12.0-3: Minimum performance

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |      |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |      |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |      |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |      |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |      |
|       |       | rrier | code  | (Note | and   |       |       |      |
|       |       | sp    | rate  | 1)    | an    |       |       |      |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |      |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       | (Note |       |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       | 2)    |       |       |      |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    | (Note |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    | 3)    |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |      |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+
|       | TRxP  | TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |      |
|       | \#1   | \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |      |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | R.P   | 10 /  | 6     | TDLA  | 2x4,  | 70    | 14.6 |
|       | DSCH. | DSCH. | 15    | 4QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |      |
|       | 1-3.3 | 1-3.4 |       | 0.50  |       | Low   |       |      |
|       | FDD   | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |      |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| i     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| ndepe |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| ndent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| orres |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| ponds |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| 4.4.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.1.12.

###### 5.2.3.1.12\_1 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH Multiple-DCI based transmission scheme performance - 2x4 MIMO for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.1.12\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-69 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance when UE is configured two different
values of CORESETPoolIndex in ControlResourceSet and when UE receives
multiple PDCCHs scheduling PDSCHs.

##### 5.2.3.1.12\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-69 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE *multiDCI-MultiTRP-r16*.

##### 5.2.3.1.12\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-69 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.12\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-63 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.9
for TE diagram and section A.3.2.5 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2.3.1.12.0-2 and Table 5.2.3.1.12.0-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.1.12\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.1.12\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-63 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH in TRxP\#1 via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI
in ControlResourceSetid1 (Table 5.2.3.1.12\_1.3.3\_1-2), and transmits
PDSCH in TRxP\#2 via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI in
ControlResourceSetid2 (Table 5.2.3.1.12\_1.3.3\_1-3), to transmit the DL
RMC according to Table 5.2.3.1.12\_1.4-1. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR for TRxP\#1
and TRxP\#2 according to Table 5.2.3.1.12\_1.4-1.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.3.1.12\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-62 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.12\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-47 .H6}

As defined in clause 5.4.2 of TS 38.508-1 \[6\] with the following
exceptions:

Table 5.2.3.1.12\_1.3.3\_1-1: *PDCCH-Config* (Preamble)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\],Table 4.6.3-95                                                                         
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                     Value/remark            Comment   Condition
  PDCCH-Config::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                
  controlResourceSetToAddModList SEQUENCE(SEQUENCE(SIZE (1..3)) OF ControlResourceSet {   2 entries                         
  ControlResourceSet\[1\]                                                                 ControlResourceSetid1   entry 1   
  ControlResourceSet\[2\]                                                                 ControlResourceSetid2   entry 2   
  }                                                                                                                         
  }                                                                                                                         

Table 5.2.3.1.12\_1.3.3\_1-2: *ControlResourceSetId1* (Table
5.2.3.1.12\_1.3.3\_1-1: *PDCCH-Config*)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 5.4.2.0-6                                                                                                                                                   
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                     Value/remark                                         Comment                                                  Condition
  ControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                                     
  controlResourceSetId                                                                    1                                                                                                             
  frequencyDomainResources                                                                11110000 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000   CORESET to use the least significant 24 RBs of the BWP   
  tci-StatesPDCCH-ToAddList SEQUENCE(SIZE (1..maxNrofTCI-StatesPDCCH)) OF TCI-StateId {                                                                                                                 
  TCI-StateId\[1\]                                                                        1                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                     
  tci-PresentInDCI                                                                        enabled                                                                                                       
  coresetPoolIndex-r16                                                                    0                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                                                                                                                     

Table 5.2.3.1.12\_1.3.3\_1-3: *ControlResourceSetId2* (Table
5.2.3.1.12\_1.3.3\_1-1: *PDCCH-Config*)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\], Table 5.4.2.0-6                                                                                                                                     
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                                                     Value/remark                                         Comment                                    Condition
  ControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                                       
  controlResourceSetId                                                                    2                                                                                               
  frequencyDomainResources                                                                00001111 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000   CORESET to use the RBs 24\~47 of the BWP   
  tci-StatesPDCCH-ToAddList SEQUENCE(SIZE (1..maxNrofTCI-StatesPDCCH)) OF TCI-StateId {                                                                                                   
  TCI-StateId\[1\]                                                                        2                                                                                               
  }                                                                                                                                                                                       
  tci-PresentInDCI                                                                        enabled                                                                                         
  coresetPoolIndex-r16                                                                    1                                                                                               
  }                                                                                                                                                                                       

Table 5.2.3.1.12\_1.3.3\_1-4: Physical layer parameters for DCI format
1\_1 in ControlResourceSetid1

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.3.6.1.2.2-1                                         
  --------------------------------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------- -----------
  Parameter                                                 Value               Value in binary   Condition
  Antenna port(s)                                           DMRS port 0 and 1   "0111"            
  Transmission configuration indication                     TCI State \#1       "000"             

Table 5.2.3.1.12\_1.3.3\_1-5: Physical layer parameters for DCI format
1\_1 in ControlResourceSetid2

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.3.6.1.2.2-1                                         
  --------------------------------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------- -----------
  Parameter                                                 Value               Value in binary   Condition
  Antenna port(s)                                           DMRS port 2 and 3   "1000"            
  Transmission configuration indication                     TCI State \#2       "001"             

Table 5.2.3.1.12\_1.3.3\_1-6: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                                                        
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                            Value/remark   Comment       Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                 
  tci-StatesToAddModList SEQUENCE(SIZE (1.. maxNrofTCI-States)) OF TCI-State {   2 entries                    
  TCI-State\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                     TCI-state-0   
  tci-StateId                                                                    0                            
  qcl-type1 SEQUENCE {                                                                                        
  cell                                                                           Not present                  
  bwp-Id                                                                         Not present                  
  referenceSignal CHOICE {                                                                                    
  ssb                                                                            SSB-Index                    
  }                                                                                                           
  qcl-Type                                                                       typeC                        
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           
  TCI-State\[2\]                                                                                TCI-state-1   
  tci-StateId                                                                    1                            
  qcl-type1 SEQUENCE {                                                                                        
  cell                                                                           Not present                  
  bwp-Id                                                                         Not present                  
  referenceSignal CHOICE {                                                                                    
  csi-rs                                                                         1                            
  }                                                                                                           
  qcl-Type                                                                       typeA                        
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           
  TCI-State\[3\]                                                                                TCI-state-2   
  tci-StateId                                                                    2                            
  qcl-type1 SEQUENCE {                                                                                        
  cell                                                                           Not present                  
  bwp-Id                                                                         Not present                  
  referenceSignal CHOICE {                                                                                    
  csi-rs                                                                         5                            
  }                                                                                                           
  qcl-Type                                                                       typeA                        
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           

Table 5.2.3.1.12\_1.3.3\_1-7: *CSI-RS-ResourceMapping* for TRS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-9                                                    
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment                           Condition
  CSI-RS-ResourceMapping ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                  
  frequencyDomainAllocation CHOICE {                                                                     
  row1                                                  0000           For CSI-RS resources 1, 2, 3, 4   
                                                        0001           For CSI-RS resources 5,6,7,8      
  }                                                                                                      
  nrofPorts                                             p1                                               
  firstOFDMSymbolInTimeDomain                           6              For CSI-RS resources 1,3,5,7      
                                                        10             For CSI-RS resources 2,4,6,8      
  }                                                                                                      

Table 5.2.3.1.12\_1.3.3\_1-8: *CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset* for TRS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-10                                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                        Condition
  CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset ::= CHOICE {                                                        
  slots20                                                10             For CSI-RS resources 1,2,5,6   
  slots20                                                11             For CSI-RS resources 3,4,7,8   
  }                                                                                                    

##### 5.2.3.1.12\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-43 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.1.12\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.3.1.12\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-63 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.1.12.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.1.12\_1.4-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.1.12\_1.4-1: Test requirement

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |      |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |      |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |      |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |      |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |      |
|       |       | rrier | code  | (Note | and   |       |       |      |
|       |       | sp    | rate  | 1)    | an    |       |       |      |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |      |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       | (Note |       |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       | 2)    |       |       |      |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    | (Note |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    | 3)    |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |      |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+
|       | TRxP  | TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |      |
|       | \#1   | \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |      |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | R.P   | 10 /  | 6     | TDLA  | 2x4,  | 70    | 15.6 |
|       | DSCH. | DSCH. | 15    | 4QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |      |
|       | 1-3.3 | 1-3.4 |       | 0.50  |       | Low   |       |      |
|       | FDD   | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |      |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| i     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| ndepe |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| ndent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| orres |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| ponds |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
| 4.4.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |      |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+

##### 5.2.3.1.13 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH Single-DCI based FDM scheme A performance

##### 5.2.3.1.13.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-59 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.13.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.1.13.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.13.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.1.13.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                                                   Test index
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify PDSCH performance under 4 receive antenna conditions when UE is configured with "FDMSchemeA" in "RepetitionScheme-r16" defined in clause 5.1 of TS 38.214 \[12\]   1-1

Table 5.2.3.1.13.0-2: Test parameters

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        | Unit     | Value    |          |          |          |
| arameter |          |          |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          | TRxP     | TRxP     |          |          |
|          |          | \#1(Note | \#2(Note |          |          |
|          |          | 1)       | 1)       |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Transmit |          | TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |
| TRxP of  |          |          |          |          |          |
| SSB      |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDCCH    | TCI      |          | TCI      |          |          |
| confi    | state    |          | State    |          |          |
| guration |          |          | \#1      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CORESETP |          | Not      |          |          |
|          | oolIndex |          | co       |          |          |
|          |          |          | nfigured |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CSI-RS   | First    |          | k0=0 for | k0=1 for |          |
| for      | su       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
| tracking | bcarrier |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | index in |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | the PRB  |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | used for |          |          |          |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | First    |          | l0 = 6   | l0 = 6   |          |
|          | OFDM     |          | for      | for      |          |
|          | symbol   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | in the   |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | PRB used |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | for      |          | 1 and 3  | 5 and 7  |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | l0 = 10  | l0 = 10  |          |
|          |          |          | for      | for      |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 2 and 4  | 6 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1 for    | 1 for    |          |
|          | of       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          | resource | resource |          |
|          | ports    |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | (X)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CDM Type |          | 'No CDM' |          |          |
|          |          |          | for      |          |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   |          |          |
|          |          |          | resource |          |          |
|          |          |          | 1,2,3,4  |          |          |
|          |          |          | ,5,6,7,8 |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Density  |          | 3        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 20       |          |          |
|          | per      |          |          |          |          |
|          | iodicity |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 10 for   | 10 for   |          |
|          | offset   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 1 and 2  | 5 and 6  |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | 11 for   | 11 for   |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 3 and 4  | 7 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | QCL info |          | TCI      |          |          |
|          |          |          | state    |          |          |
|          |          |          | \#0      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Duplex   |          | FDD      |          |          |          |
| mode     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Active   |          | 1        |          |          |          |
| DL BWP   |          |          |          |          |          |
| index    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Mapping  |          | Type A   |          |          |
| confi    | type     |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | k0       |          | 0        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Starting |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | symbol   |          |          |          |          |
|          | (S)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Length   |          | 12       |          |          |
|          | (L)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | Static   |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | Wideband |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Resource |          | Type 0   |          |          |
|          | al       |          |          |          |          |
|          | location |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RBG size |          | Config2  |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | Non-int  |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          | erleaved |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | N/A      |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          |          |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | int      |          |          |          |          |
|          | erleaver |          |          |          |          |
|          | bundle   |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Antenna  |          | 1        | 1        |          |
| DMRS     | port     |          | 000,1001 | 000,1001 |          |
| confi    | indexes  |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | TCI      |          | TCI      | TCI      |          |
|          | state    |          | State    | State    |          |
|          |          |          | \#1      | \#2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | DMRS     |          | Type 1   |          |          |
|          | Type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | of       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ad       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ditional |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Maximum  |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | number   |          |          |          |          |
|          | of OFDM  |          |          |          |          |
|          | symbols  |          |          |          |          |
|          | for DL   |          |          |          |          |
|          | front    |          |          |          |          |
|          | loaded   |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | CSI-RS   | N/A      |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          | resource |          |
| \#1      | inf      |          |          | 1 from   |          |
|          | ormation |          |          | \'CSI-RS |          |
|          |          |          |          | for      |          |
|          |          |          |          | t        |          |
|          |          |          |          | racking' |          |
|          |          |          |          | confi    |          |
|          |          |          |          | guration |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | Type A   | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | CSI-RS   |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          |          | resource |
| \#2      | inf      |          |          |          | 5 from   |
|          | ormation |          |          |          | \'CSI-RS |
|          |          |          |          |          | for      |
|          |          |          |          |          | t        |
|          |          |          |          |          | racking' |
|          |          |          |          |          | confi    |
|          |          |          |          |          | guration |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | Type A   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Timing   | us       | -0.5     |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| second   |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F        | Hz       | 200      |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| second   |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Number   |          | 4        |          |          |          |
| of HARQ  |          |          |          |          |          |
| P        |          |          |          |          |          |
| rocesses |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| The      |          | 2        |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of slots |          |          |          |          |          |
| between  |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |          |          |          |          |
| and      |          |          |          |          |          |
| corre    |          |          |          |          |          |
| sponding |          |          |          |          |          |
| HARQ-ACK |          |          |          |          |          |
| inf      |          |          |          |          |          |
| ormation |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        |          | SP Type  |          |          |          |
| recoding |          | I,       |          |          |          |
| confi    |          | ind      |          |          |          |
| guration |          | ependent |          |          |          |
|          |          | p        |          |          |          |
|          |          | recoding |          |          |          |
|          |          | ge       |          |          |          |
|          |          | neration |          |          |          |
|          |          | is       |          |          |          |
|          |          | applied  |          |          |          |
|          |          | for both |          |          |          |
|          |          | TRxPs,   |          |          |          |
|          |          | random   |          |          |          |
|          |          | per slot |          |          |          |
|          |          | with PRB |          |          |          |
|          |          | bundling |          |          |          |
|          |          | gra      |          |          |          |
|          |          | nularity |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |          |          |          |          |
| tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smission |          |          |          |          |          |
| is done  |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| both     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxPs    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.2.3.1.13.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 2

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  | (Note | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  | 1)    | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | (Note |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | 2)    |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    | (Note |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3)    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | 1     | TDLA  | 2x4,  | 70    | 10.9  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-2.5 |       | 0.54  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| depen |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dent. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orres |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ponds |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4.4.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.1.13.

###### 5.2.3.1.13\_1 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH Single-DCI based FDM scheme A performance - 2x4 MIMO for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.1.13\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-70 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance under 4 receive antenna conditions when
UE is configured with "FDMSchemeA" in "RepetitionScheme-r16".

##### 5.2.3.1.13\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-70 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE *supportFDM-SchemeA-r16*.

##### 5.2.3.1.13\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-70 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.13\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-64 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.9
for TE diagram and section A.3.2.5 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2.3.1.13.0-2 and Table 5.2.3.1.13.0-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.1.13\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.1.13\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-64 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH in TRxP\#1 and TRxP\#2 via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1
for C\_RNTI (Table 5.2.3.1.13\_1.3.3\_1-2), to transmit the DL RMC
according to Table 5.2.3.1.13\_1.4-1. The SS sends downlink MAC padding
bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR for TRxP\#1
and TRxP\#2 according to Table 5.2.3.1.13\_1.4-1.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.3.1.13\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-63 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.13\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-48 .H6}

As defined in clause 5.4.2 of TS 38.508-1 \[6\] with the following
exceptions:

Table 5.2.3.1.13\_1.3.3\_1-1: *PDCCH-ControlResourceSet* (Preamble)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\],Table 5.4.2.0-6                            
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  ControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                             
  tci-PresentInDCI                                     enabled                  
  }                                                                             

Table 5.2.3.1.13\_1.3.3\_1-2: Physical layer parameters for DCI format
1\_1

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.3.6.1.2.2-1                                                                               
  --------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- -----------
  Parameter                                                 Value                                                     Value in binary   Condition
  Antenna port(s)                                           DMRS port 0 and 1                                         "0111"            
  Transmission configuration indication                     TCI codepoint 0, corresponding to TCI State \#1 and \#2   "000"             

Table 5.2.3.1.13\_1.3.3\_1-3: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                                                        
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                            Value/remark   Comment       Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                 
  tci-StatesToAddModList SEQUENCE(SIZE (1.. maxNrofTCI-States)) OF TCI-State {   2 entries                    
  TCI-State\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                     TCI-state-0   
  tci-StateId                                                                    0                            
  qcl-type1 SEQUENCE {                                                                                        
  cell                                                                           Not present                  
  bwp-Id                                                                         Not present                  
  referenceSignal CHOICE {                                                                                    
  ssb                                                                            SSB-Index                    
  }                                                                                                           
  qcl-Type                                                                       typeC                        
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           
  TCI-State\[2\]                                                                                TCI-state-1   
  tci-StateId                                                                    1                            
  qcl-type1 SEQUENCE {                                                                                        
  cell                                                                           Not present                  
  bwp-Id                                                                         Not present                  
  referenceSignal CHOICE {                                                                                    
  csi-rs                                                                         1                            
  }                                                                                                           
  qcl-Type                                                                       typeA                        
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           
  TCI-State\[3\]                                                                                TCI-state-2   
  tci-StateId                                                                    2                            
  qcl-type1 SEQUENCE {                                                                                        
  cell                                                                           Not present                  
  bwp-Id                                                                         Not present                  
  referenceSignal CHOICE {                                                                                    
  csi-rs                                                                         5                            
  }                                                                                                           
  qcl-Type                                                                       typeA                        
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           
  prb-BundlingType CHOICE {                                                                                   
  staticBundling SEQUENCE {                                                                                   
  bundleSize                                                                     wideband                     
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           
  repetitionSchemeConfig-r16 CHOICE {                                                                         
  setup SEQUENCE {                                                                                            
  fdm-TDM-r16 CHOICE {                                                                                        
  setup SEQUENCE {                                                                                            
  repetitionScheme-r16                                                           fdmSchemeA                   
  startingSymbolOffsetK-r16                                                      Not present                  
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                           

Table 5.2.3.1.13\_1.3.3\_1-4: *CSI-RS-ResourceMapping* for TRS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-9                                                    
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment                           Condition
  CSI-RS-ResourceMapping ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                  
  frequencyDomainAllocation CHOICE {                                                                     
  row1                                                  0000           For CSI-RS resources 1, 2, 3, 4   
                                                        0001           For CSI-RS resources 5,6,7,8      
  }                                                                                                      
  nrofPorts                                             p1                                               
  firstOFDMSymbolInTimeDomain                           6              For CSI-RS resources 1,3,5,7      
                                                        10             For CSI-RS resources 2,4,6,8      
  }                                                                                                      

Table 5.2.3.1.13\_1.3.3\_1-5: *CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset* for TRS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-10                                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                        Condition
  CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset ::= CHOICE {                                                        
  slots20                                                10             For CSI-RS resources 1,2,5,6   
  slots20                                                11             For CSI-RS resources 3,4,7,8   
  }                                                                                                    

##### 5.2.3.1.13\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-44 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.1.13\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.3.1.13\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-64 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.1.13.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.1.13\_1.4-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.1.13\_1.4-1: Test requirement for Rank 2

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  | (Note | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  | 1)    | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | (Note |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | 2)    |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    | (Note |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3)    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | 1     | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 11.9  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-2.5 |       | 0.54  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| depen |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dent. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orres |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ponds |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4.4.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.3.1.14 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH Single-DCI based Inter-slot TDM scheme performance

##### 5.2.3.1.14.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-60 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.14.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.1.14.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.14.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.1.14.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Test index
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------
  Verify PDSCH performance under 4 receive antenna conditions when UE is configured with repetitionNumber-r16 with multiple slot level PDSCH transmission occasions of the same TB with two TCI states defined in clause 5.1 of TS 38.214 \[12\]   1-1

Table 5.2.3.1.14.0-2: Test parameters

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        | Unit     | Value    |          |          |          |
| arameter |          |          |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          | TRxP     | TRxP     |          |          |
|          |          | \#1(Note | \#2(Note |          |          |
|          |          | 1)       | 1)       |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Transmit |          | TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |
| TRxP of  |          |          |          |          |          |
| SSB      |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDCCH    | TCI      |          | TCI      |          |          |
| confi    | state    |          | State    |          |          |
| guration |          |          | \#1      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CORESETP |          | Not      |          |          |
|          | oolIndex |          | co       |          |          |
|          |          |          | nfigured |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CSI-RS   | First    |          | k0=0 for | k0=1 for |          |
| for      | su       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
| tracking | bcarrier |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | index in |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | the PRB  |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | used for |          |          |          |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | First    |          | l0 = 6   | l0 = 6   |          |
|          | OFDM     |          | for      | for      |          |
|          | symbol   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | in the   |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | PRB used |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | for      |          | 1 and 3  | 5 and 7  |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | l0 = 10  | l0 = 10  |          |
|          |          |          | for      | for      |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 2 and 4  | 6 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1 for    | 1 for    |          |
|          | of       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          | resource | resource |          |
|          | ports    |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | (X)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CDM Type |          | 'No CDM' |          |          |
|          |          |          | for      |          |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   |          |          |
|          |          |          | resource |          |          |
|          |          |          | 1,2,3,4  |          |          |
|          |          |          | ,5,6,7,8 |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Density  |          | 3        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 20       |          |          |
|          | per      |          |          |          |          |
|          | iodicity |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 10 for   | 10 for   |          |
|          | offset   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 1 and 2  | 5 and 6  |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | 11 for   | 11 for   |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 3 and 4  | 7 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | QCL info |          | TCI      |          |          |
|          |          |          | state    |          |          |
|          |          |          | \#0      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Duplex   |          | FDD      |          |          |          |
| mode     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Active   |          | 1        |          |          |          |
| DL BWP   |          |          |          |          |          |
| index    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Mapping  |          | Type A   |          |          |
| confi    | type     |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | k0       |          | 0        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Starting |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | symbol   |          |          |          |          |
|          | (S)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Length   |          | 12       |          |          |
|          | (L)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Re       |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | petition |          |          |          |          |
|          | number   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | Static   |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Resource |          | Type 0   |          |          |
|          | al       |          |          |          |          |
|          | location |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RBG size |          | Config2  |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | Non-int  |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          | erleaved |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | N/A      |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          |          |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | int      |          |          |          |          |
|          | erleaver |          |          |          |          |
|          | bundle   |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Antenna  |          | 1000     | 1000     |          |
| DMRS     | port     |          |          |          |          |
| confi    | indexes  |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | TCI      |          | TCI      | TCI      |          |
|          | state    |          | State    | State    |          |
|          |          |          | \#1      | \#2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | DMRS     |          | Type 1   |          |          |
|          | Type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | of       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ad       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ditional |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Maximum  |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | number   |          |          |          |          |
|          | of OFDM  |          |          |          |          |
|          | symbols  |          |          |          |          |
|          | for DL   |          |          |          |          |
|          | front    |          |          |          |          |
|          | loaded   |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | CSI-RS   | N/A      |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          | resource |          |
| \#1      | inf      |          |          | 1 from   |          |
|          | ormation |          |          | \'CSI-RS |          |
|          |          |          |          | for      |          |
|          |          |          |          | t        |          |
|          |          |          |          | racking' |          |
|          |          |          |          | confi    |          |
|          |          |          |          | guration |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | Type A   | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | CSI-RS   |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          |          | resource |
| \#2      | inf      |          |          |          | 5 from   |
|          | ormation |          |          |          | \'CSI-RS |
|          |          |          |          |          | for      |
|          |          |          |          |          | t        |
|          |          |          |          |          | racking' |
|          |          |          |          |          | confi    |
|          |          |          |          |          | guration |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | Type A   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Timing   | us       | 2        |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| second   |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F        | Hz       | 200      |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| second   |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Number   |          | 4        |          |          |          |
| of HARQ  |          |          |          |          |          |
| P        |          |          |          |          |          |
| rocesses |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| The      |          | 2        |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of slots |          |          |          |          |          |
| between  |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |          |          |          |          |
| and      |          |          |          |          |          |
| corre    |          |          |          |          |          |
| sponding |          |          |          |          |          |
| HARQ-ACK |          |          |          |          |          |
| inf      |          |          |          |          |          |
| ormation |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        |          | SP Type  |          |          |          |
| recoding |          | I,       |          |          |          |
| confi    |          | ind      |          |          |          |
| guration |          | ependent |          |          |          |
|          |          | p        |          |          |          |
|          |          | recoding |          |          |          |
|          |          | ge       |          |          |          |
|          |          | neration |          |          |          |
|          |          | is       |          |          |          |
|          |          | applied  |          |          |          |
|          |          | for both |          |          |          |
|          |          | TRxPs,   |          |          |          |
|          |          | random   |          |          |          |
|          |          | per slot |          |          |          |
|          |          | with PRB |          |          |          |
|          |          | bundling |          |          |          |
|          |          | gra      |          |          |          |
|          |          | nularity |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |          |          |          |          |
| tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smission |          |          |          |          |          |
| is done  |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| both     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxPs    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.2.3.1.14.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  | (Note | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  | 1)    | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | Note  |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | 2)    |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | BLER  | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (Note |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4)    |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.PD  | 10 /  | 1     | TDLA  | 2x4,  | 1     | -0.4  |
|       | SCH.1 | 15    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   | (Note |       |
|       | -11.2 |       | 0.54  |       | Low   | 3)    |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| depen |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dent. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BLER  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| res   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idual |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BLER; |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| i.e.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ratio |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| i     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ncorr |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ectly |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rec   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eived |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tran  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sport |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| b     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| locks |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sent  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tran  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sport |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bl    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ocks, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ind   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| epend |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ently |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| umber |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HARQ  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| trans |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| missi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| on(s) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tran  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sport |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| b     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lock. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orres |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ponds |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4.4.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.1.14.

###### 5.2.3.1.14\_1 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH Single-DCI based Inter-slot TDM scheme performance - 2x4 MIMO for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.1.14\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-71 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance under 4 receive antenna conditions when
UE is configured with repetitionNumber-r16 with multiple slot level
PDSCH transmission occasions of the same TB with two TCI states.

##### 5.2.3.1.14\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-71 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE *supportTDM-SchemeA-r16*.

##### 5.2.3.1.14\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-71 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.14\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-65 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.9
for TE diagram and section A.3.2.5 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2.3.1.14.0-2 and Table 5.2.3.1.14.0-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.1.14\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.1.14\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-65 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH in TRxP\#1 and TRxP\#2 via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1
for C\_RNTI (Table 5.2.3.1.14\_1.3.3\_1-2), to transmit the DL RMC
according to Table 5.2.3.1.14\_1.4-1. The SS sends downlink MAC padding
bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR for TRxP\#1
and TRxP\#2 according to Table 5.2.3.1.14\_1.4-1.

3\. Measure the residual BLER for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of correctly and incorrectly received transport blocks based on
ACK/NACK feedback on the UL during each subtest and decide pass or fail
according to clause G.1.4 and Table G.1.5-1a in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.3.1.14\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-64 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.14\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-49 .H6}

As defined in clause 5.4.2 of TS 38.508-1 \[6\] with the following
exceptions:

Table 5.2.3.1.14\_1.3.3\_1-1: *PDCCH-ControlResourceSet* (Preamble)

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\],Table 5.4.2.0-6                            
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  ControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                             
  tci-PresentInDCI                                     enabled                  
  }                                                                             

Table 5.2.3.1.14\_1.3.3\_1-2: Physical layer parameters for DCI format
1\_1

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.3.6.1.2.2-1                                                                               
  --------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- -----------
  Parameter                                                 Value                                                     Value in binary   Condition
  Antenna port(s)                                           DMRS port 0                                               "0000"            
  Transmission configuration indication                     TCI codepoint 0, corresponding to TCI State \#1 and \#2   "000"             

Table 5.2.3.1.14\_1.3.3\_1-3: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                                                                                           
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------
  Information Element                                                                           Value/remark   Comment                           Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                    
  tci-StatesToAddModList SEQUENCE(SIZE (1.. maxNrofTCI-States)) OF TCI-State {                  2 entries                                        
  TCI-State\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                    TCI-state-0                       
  tci-StateId                                                                                   0                                                
  qcl-type1 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                           
  cell                                                                                          Not present                                      
  bwp-Id                                                                                        Not present                                      
  referenceSignal CHOICE {                                                                                                                       
  ssb                                                                                           SSB-Index                                        
  }                                                                                                                                              
  qcl-Type                                                                                      typeC                                            
  }                                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                                              
  TCI-State\[2\]                                                                                               TCI-state-1                       
  tci-StateId                                                                                   1                                                
  qcl-type1 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                           
  cell                                                                                          Not present                                      
  bwp-Id                                                                                        Not present                                      
  referenceSignal CHOICE {                                                                                                                       
  csi-rs                                                                                        1                                                
  }                                                                                                                                              
  qcl-Type                                                                                      typeA                                            
  }                                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                                              
  TCI-State\[3\]                                                                                               TCI-state-2                       
  tci-StateId                                                                                   2                                                
  qcl-type1 SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                           
  cell                                                                                          Not present                                      
  bwp-Id                                                                                        Not present                                      
  referenceSignal CHOICE {                                                                                                                       
  csi-rs                                                                                        5                                                
  }                                                                                                                                              
  qcl-Type                                                                                      typeA                                            
  }                                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                                              
  pdsch-TimeDomainAllocationList                                                                Not present                                      
  pdsch-TimeDomainAllocationList-r16 CHOICE {                                                                                                    
  setup SEQUENCE (SIZE(1..maxNrofDL-Allocations)) OF PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation-r16 {                                                    
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation-r16\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  k0-r16                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType-r16                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength-r16                                                                      44             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=4    For Slot i, if mod(i, 10) = 7 for i from {0,...,39}
  repetitionNumber-r16                                                                          2                                                
  }                                                                                                                                              
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation-r16\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  k0-r16                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType-r16                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength-r16                                                                      53             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=12   For Slot i, if mod(i, 10) = {0,1,2,3,4,5,}) for i from {1,...,39}
  repetitionNumber-r16                                                                          2                                                
  }                                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                                                              

Table 5.2.3.1.14\_1.3.3\_1-4: *CSI-RS-ResourceMapping* for TRS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-9                                                    
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment                           Condition
  CSI-RS-ResourceMapping ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                  
  frequencyDomainAllocation CHOICE {                                                                     
  row1                                                  0000           For CSI-RS resources 1, 2, 3, 4   
                                                        0001           For CSI-RS resources 5,6,7,8      
  }                                                                                                      
  nrofPorts                                             p1                                               
  firstOFDMSymbolInTimeDomain                           6              For CSI-RS resources 1,3,5,7      
                                                        10             For CSI-RS resources 2,4,6,8      
  }                                                                                                      

Table 5.2.3.1.14\_1.3.3\_1-5: *CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset* for TRS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-10                                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                        Condition
  CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset ::= CHOICE {                                                        
  slots20                                                10             For CSI-RS resources 1,2,5,6   
  slots20                                                11             For CSI-RS resources 3,4,7,8   
  }                                                                                                    

##### 5.2.3.1.14\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-45 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.1.14\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.3.1.14\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-65 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.1.14.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The residual BLER specified in Note 3 of Table 5.2.3.1.14\_1.4-1 test
shall meet or be lower than the specified value in Table
5.2.3.1.14\_1.4-1 for the specified SNR including test tolerances for
all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.1.14\_1.4-1: Test requirement for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  | (Note | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  | 1)    | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | (Note |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | 2)    |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | BLER  | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (Note |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4)    |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.PD  | 10 /  | 1     | TDLA  | 2x4,  | 1     | 0.6   |
|       | SCH.1 | 15    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   | (Note |       |
|       | -11.2 |       | 0.54  |       | Low   | 3)    |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| depen |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dent. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BLER  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| res   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idual |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BLER; |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| i.e.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ratio |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| i     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ncorr |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ectly |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rec   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eived |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tran  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sport |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| b     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| locks |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sent  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tran  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sport |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bl    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ocks, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ind   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| epend |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ently |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| umber |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HARQ  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| trans |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| missi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| on(s) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tran  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sport |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| b     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lock. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orres |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ponds |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4.4.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.3.1.15 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH with inter-cell interference

##### 5.2.3.1.15.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-61 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.15.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.1.15.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.15.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.1.15.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                                Test index
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------
  Verify the PDSCH performance in 4 receive antenna conditions, when the transmission from the serving cell is interfered by 1 or 2 interfering cells.   1-1, 1-2

Table 5.2.3.1.15.0-2: Test parameters

+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        | Unit     | Value   |          |          |          |
| arameter |          |         |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+=========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          | Cell 1  | Cell 2   | Cell 3   |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | Enabled | Enabled  | Enabled  |          |
|          |          |         |          | for Test |          |
|          |          |         |          | 1-1\     |          |
|          |          |         |          | Disabled |          |
|          |          |         |          | for Test |          |
|          |          |         |          | 1-2      |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Duplex   |          | FDD     |          |          |          |
| mode     |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Active   |          | 1       |          |          |          |
| DL BWP   |          |         |          |          |          |
| index    |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Physical |          | 0       | 1        | 2        |          |
| cell ID  |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Tran     |          | 1       | Random   | Random   |          |
| smission |          |         | rank     | rank     |          |
| rank     |          |         | with 70% | with 70% |          |
|          |          |         | and 30%  | and 30%  |          |
|          |          |         | pro      | pro      |          |
|          |          |         | bability | bability |          |
|          |          |         | for rank | for rank |          |
|          |          |         | 1 and    | 1 and    |          |
|          |          |         | rank 2   | rank 2   |          |
|          |          |         |          | for Test |          |
|          |          |         |          | 1-1      |          |
|          |          |         |          |          |          |
|          |          |         |          | N/A for  |          |
|          |          |         |          | Test 1-2 |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Time     | us       | N/A     | 3        | -1       |          |
| offset   |          |         |          |          |          |
| to Cell  |          |         |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| F        | Hz       | N/A     | 300      | -100     |          |
| requency |          |         |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |         |          |          |          |
| to Cell  |          |         |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Inte     |          | N/A     | As       |          |          |
| rference |          |         | s        |          |          |
| Model    |          |         | pecified |          |          |
|          |          |         | in B.6.2 |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| INR      | dB       | N/A     | 7.77 for | 2.29 for |          |
| (Note 2) |          |         | Test 1-1 | Test 1-1 |          |
|          |          |         |          |          |          |
|          |          |         | 7.58 for | N/A for  |          |
|          |          |         | Test 1-2 | Test 1-2 |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| SSB      | SSB      |         | First    | 1^st^    | 1^st^    |
| confi    | position |         | SSB in   | SSB in   | SSB in   |
| guration | in burst |         | Slot \#0 | Slot\#0  | Slot\#0  |
|          |          |         |          | for Test | for Test |
|          |          |         |          | 1-1\     | 1-1\     |
|          |          |         |          | 2^nd^    | N/A for  |
|          |          |         |          | SSB in   | Test 1-2 |
|          |          |         |          | Slot \#0 |          |
|          |          |         |          | for Test |          |
|          |          |         |          | 1-2      |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | SSB      | ms      | 20       | 20       | 20       |
|          | per      |         |          |          |          |
|          | iodicity |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Mapping  |         | Type A   |          |          |
| confi    | type     |         |          |          |          |
| guration |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | k0       |         | 0        |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Starting |         | 2        |          |          |
|          | symbol   |         |          |          |          |
|          | (S)      |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Length   |         | 12       |          |          |
|          | (L)      |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PDSCH    |         | 1        |          |          |
|          | agg      |         |          |          |          |
|          | regation |         |          |          |          |
|          | factor   |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |         | Static   |          |          |
|          | bundling |         |          |          |          |
|          | type     |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |         | 2        |          |          |
|          | bundling |         |          |          |          |
|          | size     |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Resource |         | Type 0   |          |          |
|          | al       |         |          |          |          |
|          | location |         |          |          |          |
|          | type     |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RBG size |         | Config2  |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |         | Non-int  |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |         | erleaved |          |          |
|          | mapping  |         |          |          |          |
|          | type     |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |         | N/A      |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |         |          |          |          |
|          | mapping  |         |          |          |          |
|          | int      |         |          |          |          |
|          | erleaver |         |          |          |          |
|          | bundle   |         |          |          |          |
|          | size     |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | DMRS     |         | Type 1   |          |          |
| DMRS     | Type     |         |          |          |          |
| confi    |          |         |          |          |          |
| guration |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |         | 1        |          |          |
|          | of       |         |          |          |          |
|          | ad       |         |          |          |          |
|          | ditional |         |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Maximum  |         | 1        |          |          |
|          | number   |         |          |          |          |
|          | of OFDM  |         |          |          |          |
|          | symbols  |         |          |          |          |
|          | for DL   |         |          |          |          |
|          | front    |         |          |          |          |
|          | loaded   |         |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Number   |          | 4       |          |          |          |
| of HARQ  |          |         |          |          |          |
| P        |          |         |          |          |          |
| rocesses |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| The      |          | 2       |          |          |          |
| number   |          |         |          |          |          |
| of slots |          |         |          |          |          |
| between  |          |         |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |         |          |          |          |
| and      |          |         |          |          |          |
| corre    |          |         |          |          |          |
| sponding |          |         |          |          |          |
| HARQ-ACK |          |         |          |          |          |
| inf      |          |         |          |          |          |
| ormation |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note1:   |          |         |          |          |          |
| Cell 1   |          |         |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |         |          |          |          |
| serving  |          |         |          |          |          |
| cell;    |          |         |          |          |          |
| Cells 2, |          |         |          |          |          |
| 3 are    |          |         |          |          |          |
| int      |          |         |          |          |          |
| erfering |          |         |          |          |          |
| cells    |          |         |          |          |          |
|          |          |         |          |          |          |
| Note 2:  |          |         |          |          |          |
| INR is   |          |         |          |          |          |
| defined  |          |         |          |          |          |
| in Annex |          |         |          |          |          |
| B.6.1    |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+

**Table 5.2.3.1.15.0-3: Minimum performance for PDSCH with rank 1 and
with inter-cell interference**

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num   | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | 1     | T     | 2x4,  | 70    | 10.1  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | DLC30 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-2.1 |       | 0.48  | 0-100 | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-2   | R.P   | 10 /  | 1     | TDLA  | 2x4,  | 70    | 7.4   |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-2.1 |       | 0.48  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| *     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| *Note |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:**  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1,    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2 and |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3 are |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| depen |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dent. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Bandw |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idth/ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Sub   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spa   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cing, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| P     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tion, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1,    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2 and |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3.    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.1.15.

###### 5.2.3.1.15\_1 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH with inter-cell interference performance - 2x4 MIMO for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.1.15\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-72 .H6}

Verify the PDSCH performance in 4 receive antenna conditions, when the
transmission from the serving cell is interfered by 1 or 2 interfering
cells.

##### 5.2.3.1.15\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-72 .H6}

Test 1-1 and test 1-2 applies to all types of release 15 and release 16
NR UEs and E-UTRAN UEs supporting EN-DC and supporting MMSE-IRC
processing for scenarios with inter-cell and intra-cell inter-user
interference.

Test 1-1 and test 1-2 applies to all types of release 17 and forward NR
UEs and E-UTRAN UEs supporting EN-DC.

##### 5.2.3.1.15\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-72 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.15\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-66 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[8\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.4
for TE diagram and section A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the serving cell and interfering cells
are set up according to Table 5.2-1 and Table 5.2.3.1.15.0-2 as
appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR serving cell are initially set up according
to Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0,
G.1, G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.1.15\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.1.15\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-66 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.1.15\_1.4-2. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR for the
serving cell and interfering cells according to Table 5.2.3.1.15\_1.4-2.

3\. Measure the average throughput on the serving cell for a duration
sufficient to achieve statistical significance according to Annex G.1.5.
Count the number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each
subtest and decide pass or fail according to Annex G.1.4.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Table 5.2.3.1.15\_1.4-2
as appropriate.

##### 5.2.3.1.15\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-65 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.3.1.15\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-50 .H6}

No message exceptions for SA

##### 5.2.3.1.15\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-46 .H6}

No message exceptions for NSA

##### 5.2.3.1.15\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-66 .H6}

Tables 5.2.3.1.15\_1.4-1 and 5.2.3.1.15\_1.4-2 define the primary level
settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.1.15\_1.4-2 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.1.15\_1.4-1: Test parameters

+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        | Unit     | Value   |          |          |          |
| arameter |          |         |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+=========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          | Cell 1  | Cell 2   | Cell 3   |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | Enabled | Enabled  | Enabled  |          |
|          |          |         |          | for Test |          |
|          |          |         |          | 1-1\     |          |
|          |          |         |          | Disabled |          |
|          |          |         |          | for Test |          |
|          |          |         |          | 1-2      |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Duplex   |          | FDD     |          |          |          |
| mode     |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Active   |          | 1       |          |          |          |
| DL BWP   |          |         |          |          |          |
| index    |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Physical |          | 0       | 1        | 2        |          |
| cell ID  |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Tran     |          | 1       | Random   | Random   |          |
| smission |          |         | rank     | rank     |          |
| rank     |          |         | with 70% | with 70% |          |
|          |          |         | and 30%  | and 30%  |          |
|          |          |         | pro      | pro      |          |
|          |          |         | bability | bability |          |
|          |          |         | for rank | for rank |          |
|          |          |         | 1 and    | 1 and    |          |
|          |          |         | rank 2   | rank 2   |          |
|          |          |         |          | for Test |          |
|          |          |         |          | 1-1      |          |
|          |          |         |          |          |          |
|          |          |         |          | N/A for  |          |
|          |          |         |          | Test 1-2 |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Time     | us       | N/A     | 3        | -1       |          |
| offset   |          |         |          |          |          |
| to Cell  |          |         |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| F        | Hz       | N/A     | 300      | -100     |          |
| requency |          |         |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |         |          |          |          |
| to Cell  |          |         |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Inte     |          | N/A     | As       |          |          |
| rference |          |         | s        |          |          |
| Model    |          |         | pecified |          |          |
|          |          |         | in B.6.2 |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| INR      | dB       | N/A     | 7.77+0.8 | 2.29+0.8 |          |
| (Note 2) |          |         | for Test | for Test |          |
|          |          |         | 1-1      | 1-1      |          |
|          |          |         |          |          |          |
|          |          |         | 7.58+0.8 | N/A for  |          |
|          |          |         | for Test | Test 1-2 |          |
|          |          |         | 1-2      |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| SSB      | SSB      |         | First    | 1^st^    | 1^st^    |
| confi    | position |         | SSB in   | SSB in   | SSB in   |
| guration | in burst |         | Slot \#0 | Slot\#0  | Slot\#0  |
|          |          |         |          | for Test | for Test |
|          |          |         |          | 1-1\     | 1-1\     |
|          |          |         |          | 2^nd^    | N/A for  |
|          |          |         |          | SSB in   | Test 1-2 |
|          |          |         |          | Slot \#0 |          |
|          |          |         |          | for Test |          |
|          |          |         |          | 1-2      |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | SSB      | ms      | 20       | 20       | 20       |
|          | per      |         |          |          |          |
|          | iodicity |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Mapping  |         | Type A   |          |          |
| confi    | type     |         |          |          |          |
| guration |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | k0       |         | 0        |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Starting |         | 2        |          |          |
|          | symbol   |         |          |          |          |
|          | (S)      |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Length   |         | 12       |          |          |
|          | (L)      |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PDSCH    |         | 1        |          |          |
|          | agg      |         |          |          |          |
|          | regation |         |          |          |          |
|          | factor   |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |         | Static   |          |          |
|          | bundling |         |          |          |          |
|          | type     |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |         | 2        |          |          |
|          | bundling |         |          |          |          |
|          | size     |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Resource |         | Type 0   |          |          |
|          | al       |         |          |          |          |
|          | location |         |          |          |          |
|          | type     |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RBG size |         | Config2  |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |         | Non-int  |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |         | erleaved |          |          |
|          | mapping  |         |          |          |          |
|          | type     |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |         | N/A      |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |         |          |          |          |
|          | mapping  |         |          |          |          |
|          | int      |         |          |          |          |
|          | erleaver |         |          |          |          |
|          | bundle   |         |          |          |          |
|          | size     |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | DMRS     |         | Type 1   |          |          |
| DMRS     | Type     |         |          |          |          |
| confi    |          |         |          |          |          |
| guration |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |         | 1        |          |          |
|          | of       |         |          |          |          |
|          | ad       |         |          |          |          |
|          | ditional |         |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Maximum  |         | 1        |          |          |
|          | number   |         |          |          |          |
|          | of OFDM  |         |          |          |          |
|          | symbols  |         |          |          |          |
|          | for DL   |         |          |          |          |
|          | front    |         |          |          |          |
|          | loaded   |         |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Number   |          | 4       |          |          |          |
| of HARQ  |          |         |          |          |          |
| P        |          |         |          |          |          |
| rocesses |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| The      |          | 2       |          |          |          |
| number   |          |         |          |          |          |
| of slots |          |         |          |          |          |
| between  |          |         |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |         |          |          |          |
| and      |          |         |          |          |          |
| corre    |          |         |          |          |          |
| sponding |          |         |          |          |          |
| HARQ-ACK |          |         |          |          |          |
| inf      |          |         |          |          |          |
| ormation |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note1:   |          |         |          |          |          |
| Cell 1   |          |         |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |         |          |          |          |
| serving  |          |         |          |          |          |
| cell;    |          |         |          |          |          |
| Cells 2, |          |         |          |          |          |
| 3 are    |          |         |          |          |          |
| int      |          |         |          |          |          |
| erfering |          |         |          |          |          |
| cells    |          |         |          |          |          |
|          |          |         |          |          |          |
| Note 2:  |          |         |          |          |          |
| INR is   |          |         |          |          |          |
| defined  |          |         |          |          |          |
| in Annex |          |         |          |          |          |
| B.6.1    |          |         |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+---------+----------+----------+----------+

**Table 5.2.3.1.15\_1.4-2: Test Requirement for PDSCH with rank 1 and
with inter-cell interference**

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num   | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | 1     | T     | 2x4,  | 70    | 11.8  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | DLC30 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-2.1 |       | 0.48  | 0-100 | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-2   | R.P   | 10 /  | 1     | TDLA  | 2x4,  | 70    | 9.2   |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-2.1 |       | 0.48  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| *     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| *Note |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:**  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1,    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2 and |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3 are |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| depen |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dent. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Bandw |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idth/ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Sub   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spa   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cing, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| P     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tion, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1,    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2 and |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3.    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.3.1.16 4Rx FDD FR1 for PDSCH with intra-cell inter-user interference

##### 5.2.3.1.16.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-62 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Tables 5.2.3.1.16.0-3 and
5.2.3.1.16.0-4, with the addition of test parameters in Table
5.2.3.1.16.0-2 and the downlink physical channel setup according to
Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.16.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.1.16.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                   Test index
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify PDSCH performance under 4 receive antenna conditions, when the PDSCH transmission of target UE is interfered by co-scheduled UE.   1-1, 2-1

Table 5.2.3.1.16.0-2: Test parameters

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Parameter   | Unit        | Target UE   | C           |             |
|             |             |             | o-scheduled |             |
|             |             |             | UE          |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| Duplex mode |             | FDD         |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Active DL   |             | 1           |             |             |
| BWP index   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH       | Mapping     |             | Type A      |             |
| co          | type        |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | k0          |             | 0           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Starting    |             | 2           |             |
|             | symbol (S)  |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Length (L)  |             | 12          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PDSCH       |             | 1           |             |
|             | aggregation |             |             |             |
|             | factor      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | Static      |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | 2           |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | size        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    |             | Type 0      |             |
|             | allocation  |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | RBG size    |             | Config2     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | Non-        |             |
|             | mapping     |             | interleaved |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | N/A         |             |
|             | mapping     |             |             |             |
|             | interleaver |             |             |             |
|             | bundle size |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH DMRS  | DMRS Type   |             | Type 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
| (Note 1)    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 1           |             |
|             | additional  |             |             |             |
|             | DMRS        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Maximum     |             | 1           |             |
|             | number of   |             |             |             |
|             | OFDM        |             |             |             |
|             | symbols for |             |             |             |
|             | DL front    |             |             |             |
|             | loaded DMRS |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Antenna     |             | {1000} for  | {1001} for  |
|             | ports       |             | test 1-1    | test 1-1    |
|             | indexes     |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | {1000,      | {1002,      |
|             |             |             | 1001} for   | 1003} for   |
|             |             |             | test 2-1    | test 2-1    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 1 for test  | 1 for test  |
|             | PDSCH DMRS  |             | 1-1         | 1-1         |
|             | CDM         |             |             |             |
|             | group(s)    |             | 2 for test  | 2 for test  |
|             | without     |             | 2-1         | 2-1         |
|             | data        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH &     |             | Single      | Single      |             |
| PDSCH DMRS  |             | Panel Type  | Panel Type  |             |
| Precoding   |             | I,          | I,          |             |
| co          |             | Randomized  | Randomized  |             |
| nfiguration |             | precoder    | precoder    |             |
|             |             | selection   | selection   |             |
|             |             | for every   | for every   |             |
|             |             | PRB bundle  | PRB bundle  |             |
|             |             | and updated | and updated |             |
|             |             | per slot,   | per slot,   |             |
|             |             | with equal  | with equal  |             |
|             |             | probability | probability |             |
|             |             | of each     | of each     |             |
|             |             | applicable  | applicable  |             |
|             |             | i1/i2       | i1/i2       |             |
|             |             | combination | combination |             |
|             |             | or codebook | or codebook |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             | Index,      | Index,      |             |
|             |             | chosen from | chosen from |             |
|             |             | section     | section     |             |
|             |             | 5.2.2.2.1   | 5.2.2.2.1   |             |
|             |             | of TS       | of TS       |             |
|             |             | 38.214      | 38.214      |             |
|             |             | \[12\].     | \[12\].     |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | Any column  |             |
|             |             |             | of precoder |             |
|             |             |             | matrix is   |             |
|             |             |             | not equal   |             |
|             |             |             | to any      |             |
|             |             |             | column of   |             |
|             |             |             | precoder    |             |
|             |             |             | matrix of   |             |
|             |             |             | Target UE   |             |
|             |             |             | for test    |             |
|             |             |             | 1-1         |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | Select the  |             |
|             |             |             | precoder to |             |
|             |             |             | ensure any  |             |
|             |             |             | column of   |             |
|             |             |             | precoder is |             |
|             |             |             | orthogonal  |             |
|             |             |             | to any      |             |
|             |             |             | column of   |             |
|             |             |             | precoder    |             |
|             |             |             | for the     |             |
|             |             |             | target      |             |
|             |             |             | PDSCH for   |             |
|             |             |             | test 2-1    |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| MU-MIMO     |             | As          |             |             |
| Beamforming |             | specified   |             |             |
| Model       |             | in B.4.2    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Number of   |             | 4           | N/A         |             |
| HARQ        |             |             |             |             |
| Processes   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| The number  |             | 2           | N/A         |             |
| of slots    |             |             |             |             |
| between     |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| rresponding |             |             |             |             |
| HARQ-ACK    |             |             |             |             |
| information |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Note 1:     |             |             |             |             |
| DMRS        |             |             |             |             |
| scrambling  |             |             |             |             |
| ID is the   |             |             |             |             |
| same for    |             |             |             |             |
| both target |             |             |             |             |
| and         |             |             |             |             |
| c           |             |             |             |             |
| o-scheduled |             |             |             |             |
| UEs.        |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Table 5.2.3.1.16.0-3: Minimum performance for target UE with Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       | **T   | **Co  |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       | arget | -sche |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       | UE**  | duled |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       | UE**  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | 1     | R     | **TDL | 2x4,  | 70    | 11.5  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | andom | C300- | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 5-1.1 |       | 0.48  | 16QAM | 100** | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       | sy    |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | mbols |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 5.2.3.1.16.0-4: Minimum performance for target UE with Rank 2

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       | **T   | **Co  |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       | arget | -sche |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       | UE**  | duled |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       | UE**  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 2-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | 1     | R     | TDLA  | 4x4,  | 70    | 15.3  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | andom | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 5-1.2 |       | 0.48  | 16QAM |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       | sy    |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | mbols |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.1.16.

###### 5.2.3.1.16\_1 4Rx FDD FR1 for PDSCH with intra cell inter user interference performance -- 2x4 MIMO for both NSA and SA

##### 5.2.3.1.16\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-73 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance under 4 receive antenna conditions, when
the PDSCH transmission of target UE is interfered by co-scheduled UE.

##### 5.2.3.1.16\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-73 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UEs and E-UTRAN UEs supporting
EN-DC for release 15 and release 16 supporting MMSE-IRC processing for
scenarios with inter-cell and intra-cell inter-user interference.

This test applies to all types of release 17 and forward NR UEs and
E-UTRAN UEs supporting EN-DC.

##### 5.2.3.1.16\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-73 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.16\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-67 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.3.1.16.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.1.16\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.1.16\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-67 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.1.16\_1.4-1. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.3.1.16\_1.4-1.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

5.2.3.1.16\_1.3.3 Message contents

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.3.1.16\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-51 .H6}

No message exceptions for SA

##### 5.2.3.1.16\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-47 .H6}

No message exceptions for NSA

##### 5.2.3.1.16\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-67 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.1.16\_1.4-1: Test requirement for target UE with Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       | **T   | **Co  |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       | arget | -sche |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       | UE**  | duled |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       | UE**  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | 1     | R     | **TDL | 2x4,  | 70    | 12.4  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | andom | C300- | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 5-1.1 |       | 0.48  | 16QAM | 100** | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       | sy    |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | mbols |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

###### 5.2.3.1.16\_2 4Rx FDD FR1 for PDSCH with intra cell inter user interference performance -- 4x4 MIMO for both NSA and SA

##### 5.2.3.1.16\_2.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-74 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance under 4 receive antenna conditions, when
the PDSCH transmission of target UE is interfered by co-scheduled UE.

##### 5.2.3.1.16\_2.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-74 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UEs and E-UTRAN UEs supporting
EN-DC for release 15 and release 16 supporting MMSE-IRC processing for
scenarios with inter-cell and intra-cell inter-user interference.

This test applies to all types of release 17 and forward NR UEs and
E-UTRAN UEs supporting EN-DC.

##### 5.2.3.1.16\_2.3 Test description {#test-description-74 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.16\_2.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-68 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.3.1.16.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.1.16\_2.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.1.16\_2.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-68 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.1.16\_2.4-1. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.3.1.16\_2.4-1.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.3.1.16\_2.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-66 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.3.1.16\_2.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-52 .H6}

No message exceptions for SA

##### 5.2.3.1.16\_2.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-48 .H6}

No message exceptions for NSA

##### 5.2.3.1.16\_2.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-68 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.1.16\_2.4-1: Test requirement for target UE with Rank 2

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       | **T   | **Co  |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       | arget | -sche |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       | UE**  | duled |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       | UE**  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 2-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | 1     | R     | TDLA  | 4x4,  | 70    | 16.3  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | andom | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 5-1.2 |       | 0.48  | 16QAM |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       | sy    |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | mbols |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.3.1.17 4Rx FDD FR1 for PDSCH CRS interference mitigation under NR-LTE coexistence scenario

##### 5.2.3.1.17.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-63 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.17.0-4, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.1.17.0-2 for the serving
cell and Table 5.2.3.1.17.0-3 for the LTE interference cells and the
downlink physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.17.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.1.17.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                           Test index
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify PDSCH CRS interference mitigation performance under 4 receive antenna conditions with CRS rate matching configured for the serving cell.   1-1

Table 5.2.3.1.17.0-2: Test parameters for the serving cell

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+
| **Parameter**   | **Unit**        | **Value** |                 |
+=================+=================+===========+=================+
| Duplex mode     |                 | FDD       |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+
| Active DL BWP   |                 | 1         |                 |
| index           |                 |           |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+
| NR UL           |                 | true      |                 |
| transmission    |                 |           |                 |
| with a 7.5 kHz  |                 |           |                 |
| shift to the    |                 |           |                 |
| LTE raster      |                 |           |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+
| PDCCH           | Symbols with    |           | Symbol\# 2      |
| configuration   | PDCCH           |           |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+
| PDSCH           | Mapping type    |           | Type A          |
| configuration   |                 |           |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+
|                 | k0              |           | 0               |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+
|                 | Starting symbol |           | 3               |
|                 | (S)             |           |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+
|                 | Length (L)      |           | 9               |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+
|                 | PDSCH           |           | 1               |
|                 | aggregation     |           |                 |
|                 | factor          |           |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+
|                 | PRB bundling    |           | Static          |
|                 | type            |           |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+
|                 | PRB bundling    |           | 2               |
|                 | size            |           |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+
|                 | Resource        |           | Type 0          |
|                 | allocation type |           |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+
|                 | RBG size        |           | Config2         |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+
|                 | VRB-to-PRB      |           | Non-interleaved |
|                 | mapping type    |           |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+
|                 | VRB-to-PRB      |           | N/A             |
|                 | mapping         |           |                 |
|                 | interleaver     |           |                 |
|                 | bundle size     |           |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+
| PDSCH DMRS      | DMRS Type       |           | Type 1          |
| configuration   |                 |           |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+
|                 | Position of the |           | 3               |
|                 | first DM-RS for |           |                 |
|                 | downlink        |           |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+
|                 | Number of       |           | 1               |
|                 | additional DMRS |           |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+
|                 | Maximum number  |           | 1               |
|                 | of OFDM symbols |           |                 |
|                 | for DL front    |           |                 |
|                 | loaded DMRS     |           |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+
| CRS for rate    | LTE carrier     |           | Same as NR      |
| matching (Note  | centre          |           | carrier centre  |
| 1)              | subcarrier      |           | subcarrier      |
|                 | location        |           | location        |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+
|                 | LTE carrier BW  | MHz       | 10              |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+
|                 | Number of       |           | 2               |
|                 | antenna ports   |           |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+
|                 | v-shift         |           | 0               |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+
| Number of HARQ  |                 | 4         |                 |
| Processes       |                 |           |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+
| The number of   |                 | 2         |                 |
| slots between   |                 |           |                 |
| PDSCH and       |                 |           |                 |
| corresponding   |                 |           |                 |
| HARQ-ACK        |                 |           |                 |
| information     |                 |           |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+
| Note 1: No      |                 |           |                 |
| MBSFN is        |                 |           |                 |
| configured on   |                 |           |                 |
| LTE carrier.    |                 |           |                 |
|                 |                 |           |                 |
| Note 2:         |                 |           |                 |
| Network-based   |                 |           |                 |
| CRS             |                 |           |                 |
| interference    |                 |           |                 |
| mitigation is   |                 |           |                 |
| disabled on LTE |                 |           |                 |
| carrier.        |                 |           |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+-----------------+

Table 5.2.3.1.17.0-3: Test parameters for the LTE interference cells

+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Parameter       | Unit   | Cell 1          | Cell 2          |    |
+=================+========+=================+=================+====+
| Propagation     |        | TDLA30-10 ULA   | TDLA30-10 ULA   |    |
| conditions and  |        | Low             | Low             |    |
| MIMO            |        |                 |                 |    |
| configuration   |        |                 |                 |    |
| (Note 1)        |        |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| INR (Note 2)    | dB     | 10.45           | 4.6             |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Cell-specific   |        | Antenna ports   | Antenna ports   |    |
| reference       |        | 0,1             | 0,1             |    |
| signals         |        |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Carrier centre  |        | Same as the     | Same as the     |    |
| subcarrier      |        | serving carrier | serving carrier |    |
| location        |        | centre          | centre          |    |
|                 |        | subcarrier      | subcarrier      |    |
|                 |        | location        | location        |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| BW~Channel~     | MHz    | 10              | 10              |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Cyclic Prefix   |        | Normal          | Normal          |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Physical cell   |        | 1               | 2               |    |
| ID              |        |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Number of       |        | 2               | 2               |    |
| control OFDM    |        |                 |                 |    |
| symbols         |        |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| PDSCH           |        | 4               | 4               |    |
| transmission    |        |                 |                 |    |
| mode            |        |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Interference    |        | As specified in | As specified in |    |
| model           |        | clause B.7      | clause B.7      |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Probability of  | \%     | 20              | 20              |    |
| occurrence of   |        |                 |                 |    |
| PDSCH data      |        |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Probability of  | Rank 1 | \%              | 80              | 80 |
| occurrence of   |        |                 |                 |    |
| transmission    |        |                 |                 |    |
| rank            |        |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
|                 | Rank 2 | \%              | 20              | 20 |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Downlink power  |        | dB              | -3              | -3 |
| allocation      |        |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
|                 |        | dB              | -3              | -3 |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
|                 | σ      | dB              | 0               | 0  |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Precoding       | PRB    | 6               | 6               |    |
| granularity     |        |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Time offset to  | us     | 3               | -1              |    |
| the serving     |        |                 |                 |    |
| cell            |        |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Frequency       | Hz     | 300             | -100            |    |
| offset to the   |        |                 |                 |    |
| serving cell    |        |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| MBSFN           |        | Not configured  | Not configured  |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Network-based   |        | Disabled        | Disabled        |    |
| CRS             |        |                 |                 |    |
| interference    |        |                 |                 |    |
| mitigation      |        |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Note 1: The     |        |                 |                 |    |
| channel for the |        |                 |                 |    |
| LTE             |        |                 |                 |    |
| interference    |        |                 |                 |    |
| cells and the   |        |                 |                 |    |
| serving cell    |        |                 |                 |    |
| are             |        |                 |                 |    |
| independent.    |        |                 |                 |    |
|                 |        |                 |                 |    |
| Note 2: Defined |        |                 |                 |    |
| in B.6.1.       |        |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+

Table 5.2.3.1.17.0-4: Minimum performance for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | 1     | TDLA  | 2x4,  | 70    | 8.0   |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-7.3 |       | 0.48  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.1.17.

##### 5.2.3.1.17\_1 4Rx FDD FR1 for PDSCH CRS interference mitigation under NR-LTE coexistence scenario -- 2x4 MIMO for both NSA and SA

##### 5.2.3.1.17\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-75 .H6}

To verify PDSCH CRS interference mitigation performance under 4 receive
antenna conditions with CRS rate matching configured for the serving
cell.

##### 5.2.3.1.17\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-75 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward that
support *CRS-IM-DSS-15kHzSCS-r17.*

##### 5.2.3.1.17\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-75 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.17\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-69 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Tables 5.2.3.1.17.0-2 and 5.2.3.1.17.0-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.1.17\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.1.17\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-69 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.1.17\_1.4-2. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.3.1.17\_1.4-2 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Table 5.2.3.1.17\_1.4-2
as appropriate.

##### 5.2.3.1.17\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-67 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.3.1.17\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-53 .H6}

As defined in clause 5.4.2 of TS 38.508-1 \[6\] with the following
exceptions:

Table 5.2.3.1.17\_1.3.3\_1-1: ServingCellConfigCommon

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2-1                                       
  --------------------------------------------------- ------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark              Comment   Condition
  ServingCellConfigCommon ::= SEQUENCE {                                                  
  dmrs-TypeA-Position                                 pos3                                
  lte-CRS-ToMatchAround                               RateMatchPatternLTE-CRS             
  }                                                                                       

Table 5.2.3.1.17\_1.3.3\_1-2: RateMatchPatternLTE-CRS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2-20                                                             
  ---------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark                                    Comment   Condition
  RateMatchPatternLTE-CRS ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                         
  carrierFreqDL                                        Same as NR carrier centre subcarrier location             
  carrierBandwidthDL                                   n50                                             10MHz     
  mbsfn-SubframeConfigList                             Not present                                               
  nrofCRS-Ports                                        n2                                                        
  v-Shift                                              n0                                                        
  }                                                                                                              

Table 5.2.3.1.17\_1.3.3\_1-3: *FrequencyInfoUL-SIB*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-62                            
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  FrequencyInfoUL-SIB SEQUENCE {                                                
  frequencyShift7p5khz                                 true                     
  }                                                                             

##### 5.2.3.1.17\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-49 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.1.17\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.3.1.17\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-69 .H6}

Tables 5.2.3.1.17\_1.4-1 and 5.2.3.1.17\_1.4-2 define the primary level
settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.1.17\_1.4-2 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.1.17\_1.4-1: Test parameters for the LTE interference cells

+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Parameter       | Unit   | Cell 1          | Cell 2          |    |
+=================+========+=================+=================+====+
| Propagation     |        | TDLA30-10 ULA   | TDLA30-10 ULA   |    |
| conditions and  |        | Low             | Low             |    |
| MIMO            |        |                 |                 |    |
| configuration   |        |                 |                 |    |
| (Note 1)        |        |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| INR (Note 2)    | dB     | 11.25           | 5.4             |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Cell-specific   |        | Antenna ports   | Antenna ports   |    |
| reference       |        | 0,1             | 0,1             |    |
| signals         |        |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Carrier centre  |        | Same as the     | Same as the     |    |
| subcarrier      |        | serving carrier | serving carrier |    |
| location        |        | centre          | centre          |    |
|                 |        | subcarrier      | subcarrier      |    |
|                 |        | location        | location        |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| BW~Channel~     | MHz    | 10              | 10              |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Cyclic Prefix   |        | Normal          | Normal          |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Physical cell   |        | 1               | 2               |    |
| ID              |        |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Number of       |        | 2               | 2               |    |
| control OFDM    |        |                 |                 |    |
| symbols         |        |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| PDSCH           |        | 4               | 4               |    |
| transmission    |        |                 |                 |    |
| mode            |        |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Interference    |        | As specified in | As specified in |    |
| model           |        | clause B.7      | clause B.7      |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Probability of  | \%     | 20              | 20              |    |
| occurrence of   |        |                 |                 |    |
| PDSCH data      |        |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Probability of  | Rank 1 | \%              | 80              | 80 |
| occurrence of   |        |                 |                 |    |
| transmission    |        |                 |                 |    |
| rank            |        |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
|                 | Rank 2 | \%              | 20              | 20 |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Downlink power  |        | dB              | -3              | -3 |
| allocation      |        |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
|                 |        | dB              | -3              | -3 |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
|                 | σ      | dB              | 0               | 0  |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Precoding       | PRB    | 6               | 6               |    |
| granularity     |        |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Time offset to  | us     | 3               | -1              |    |
| the serving     |        |                 |                 |    |
| cell            |        |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Frequency       | Hz     | 300             | -100            |    |
| offset to the   |        |                 |                 |    |
| serving cell    |        |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| MBSFN           |        | Not configured  | Not configured  |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Network-based   |        | Disabled        | Disabled        |    |
| CRS             |        |                 |                 |    |
| interference    |        |                 |                 |    |
| mitigation      |        |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+
| Note 1: The     |        |                 |                 |    |
| channel for the |        |                 |                 |    |
| LTE             |        |                 |                 |    |
| interference    |        |                 |                 |    |
| cells and the   |        |                 |                 |    |
| serving cell    |        |                 |                 |    |
| are             |        |                 |                 |    |
| independent.    |        |                 |                 |    |
|                 |        |                 |                 |    |
| Note 2: Defined |        |                 |                 |    |
| in B.6.1.       |        |                 |                 |    |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------+-----------------+----+

Table 5.2.3.1.17\_1.4-2: Test requirement for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 10 /  | 1     | TDLA  | 2x4,  | 70    | 9.8   |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-7.3 |       | 0.48  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.3.1.18 4Rx FDD FR1 for PDSCH with inter cell CRS interference

##### 5.2.3.1.18.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-64 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.18.0-4 and
Table 5.2.3.1.18.0-6, with the addition of test parameters in Table
5.2.3.1.18.0-2 and 5.2.3.1.18.0-3 and the downlink physical channel
setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The requirements for UE capable of performing CRS-IM with the assistance
of network signalling on LTE channel bandwidth are specified in Table
5.2.3.1.18.0-4.

The requirements for UE capable of performing CRS-IM without the
assistance of network signalling on LTE channel bandwidth are specified
in Table 5.2.3.1.18.0-6.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.18.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.1.18.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                         Test index
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------
  Verify PDSCH performance under 4 receive antenna conditions when PDSCH is interfered by inter cell CRS signal   1-1 and 2-1

Table 5.2.3.1.18.0-2: Tests parameter for serving cell PDSCH

  Parameter                                                                  Unit                                                      Value   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------- -----------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                          FDD     
  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                  1       
  PDSCH configuration                                                        Mapping type                                                      Type A
                                                                             k0                                                                0
                                                                             Starting symbol (S)                                               2
                                                                             Length (L)                                                        12
                                                                             PDSCH aggregation factor                                          1
                                                                             PRB bundling type                                                 Static
                                                                             PRB bundling size                                                 2
                                                                             Resource allocation type                                          Type 0
                                                                             RBG size                                                          Config2
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                           Non-interleaved
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                        N/A
  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                   DMRS Type                                                         Type 1
                                                                             Number of additional DMRS                                         1
                                                                             Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS           1
  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                             4       
  The number of slots between PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             2       

Table 5.2.3.1.18.0-3: Tests parameter for interference cells

+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Parameter     | Unit          | Cell 1        | Cell 2        |    |
+===============+===============+===============+===============+====+
| Duplex mode   |               | FDD           | FDD           |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| INR           | dB            | 10.45         | 4.6           |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| LTE Bandwidth | MHz           | 20            | 20            |    |
| (Note 5)      |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Carrier       |               | Same as the   | Same as the   |    |
| centre        |               | NR serving    | NR serving    |    |
| subcarrier    |               | carrier       | carrier       |    |
| location      |               | centre        | centre        |    |
| (Note 6)      |               | subcarrier    | subcarrier    |    |
|               |               | location      | location      |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Cyclic Prefix |               | Normal        | Normal        |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Physical cell |               | 1             | 2             |    |
| ID            |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| CRS pattern   | Number of     |               | 4             | 4  |
|               | antenna ports |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               | v-shift       |               | 1             | 2  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Downlink      |               | dB            | -6            | -6 |
| power         |               |               |               |    |
| allocation    |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               |               | dB            | -6            | -6 |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               | σ             | dB            | 0             | 0  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| PDSCH         |               | TM4           | TM4           |    |
| transmission  |               |               |               |    |
| mode          |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| PDSCH loading | \%            | 20%           | 20%           |    |
| level         |               | probability   | probability   |    |
|               |               | of occurrence | of occurrence |    |
|               |               | of LTE data   | of LTE data   |    |
|               |               | transmission  | transmission  |    |
|               |               | in time       | in time       |    |
|               |               | domain, and   | domain, and   |    |
|               |               | full          | full          |    |
|               |               | bandwidth     | bandwidth     |    |
|               |               | allocation in | allocation in |    |
|               |               | frequency     | frequency     |    |
|               |               | domain for    | domain for    |    |
|               |               | test 1-1.     | test 1-1.     |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Transmission  | \%            | 80% and 20%   | 80% and 20%   |    |
| rank          |               | probability   | probability   |    |
|               |               | for rank 1    | for rank 1    |    |
|               |               | and rank 2    | and rank 2    |    |
|               |               | respectively  | respectively  |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Interference  |               | As specified  | As specified  |    |
| model         |               | in clause B.7 | in clause B.7 |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Time offset   | us            | 3             | -1            |    |
| to the        |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Frequency     | Hz            | 300           | -100          |    |
| offset to the |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Propagation   |               | TDLA30-10 ULA | TDLA30-10 ULA |    |
| conditions    |               | Low           | Low           |    |
| and MIMO      |               |               |               |    |
| configuration |               |               |               |    |
| (Note 1)      |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Precoding     | PRB           | 8             | 8             |    |
| granularity   |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Note 1: The   |               |               |               |    |
| channel for   |               |               |               |    |
| the LTE       |               |               |               |    |
| interference  |               |               |               |    |
| cells and the |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
| are           |               |               |               |    |
| independent.  |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 2: No    |               |               |               |    |
| MBSFN is      |               |               |               |    |
| configured on |               |               |               |    |
| LTE carrier.  |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 3:       |               |               |               |    |
| Network-based |               |               |               |    |
| CRS           |               |               |               |    |
| interference  |               |               |               |    |
| mitigation is |               |               |               |    |
| disabled on   |               |               |               |    |
| LTE carrier.  |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 4: The   |               |               |               |    |
| start of      |               |               |               |    |
| transmission  |               |               |               |    |
| of LTE frame  |               |               |               |    |
| is delayed by |               |               |               |    |
| 2 LTE         |               |               |               |    |
| subframes     |               |               |               |    |
| with respect  |               |               |               |    |
| to the start  |               |               |               |    |
| of            |               |               |               |    |
| transmission  |               |               |               |    |
| of NR frame   |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 5: This  |               |               |               |    |
| parameter is  |               |               |               |    |
| informed to   |               |               |               |    |
| UE via        |               |               |               |    |
| network       |               |               |               |    |
| assistance    |               |               |               |    |
| signalling    |               |               |               |    |
| for Test 1-1  |               |               |               |    |
| in Table      |               |               |               |    |
| 5.            |               |               |               |    |
| 2.3.1.18.0-4. |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 6:       |               |               |               |    |
| Single entry  |               |               |               |    |
| is included   |               |               |               |    |
| in IE         |               |               |               |    |
| *LTE-NeighCe  |               |               |               |    |
| llsCRS-Assist |               |               |               |    |
| InfoList-r17* |               |               |               |    |
| that applies  |               |               |               |    |
| for both      |               |               |               |    |
| cells for     |               |               |               |    |
| cases with    |               |               |               |    |
| network       |               |               |               |    |
| signalling    |               |               |               |    |
| assistance    |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+

Table 5.2.3.1.18.0-4: Minimum performance for Rank 1 with the assistance
of network signalling on LTE channel bandwidth

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat |       | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | cond  | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  | ition | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.PD  | 10 /  | 1     | TDLA  | 4x4,  | 70    | 8.0   |
|       | SCH.1 | 15    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | -18.1 |       | 0.48  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 5.2.3.1.18.0-5: Measurement Gap configurations

  Parameter                           Unit   Value
  ----------------------------------- ------ -------
  Measurement Gap Length              ms     6
  Measurement Gap Repetition Period   ms     40
  Gap offset                          ms     7
  Measurement gap timing advance      ms     0

Table 5.2.3.1.18.0-6: Minimum performance for Rank 1 without the
assistance of network signalling on LTE channel bandwidth

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat |       | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | cond  | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  | ition | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 2-1   | R.PD  | 10 /  | 1     | TDLA  | 4x4,  | 70    | 8.0   |
|       | SCH.1 | 15    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | -17.2 |       | 0.48  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.1.18.

##### 5.2.3.1.18\_1 4Rx FDD FR1 for PDSCH with inter cell CRS interference scenario -- 4x4 MIMO for both NSA and SA

##### 5.2.3.1.18\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-76 .H6}

To verify PDSCH performance under 4 receive antenna conditions when
PDSCH is interfered by inter cell CRS signal.

##### 5.2.3.1.18\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-76 .H6}

Test 2-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward that
support *CRS-IM-nonDSS-15kHzSCS-r17.*

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward that
support *CRS-IM-nonDSS-NWA-15kHzSCS-r17.*

##### 5.2.3.1.18\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-76 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.18\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-70 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.5
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Tables 5.2.3.1.18.0-2 and 5.2.3.1.18\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.1.18\_1.3.3.

6\. For UE capable of performing CRS-IM without the assistance of
network signalling on LTE channel bandwidth, ensure the network
configures an inter-RAT LTE measurement object of the interfering cells
to the tested UE. Inter-RAT measurement is configured at the beginning
of the test and applied throughout the test with gap pattern
configurations according to Table 5.2.3.1.18.0-5. PDSCH is not
scheduled, and throughput is not counted during 4.64s after the
beginning of test. PDSCH is not scheduled in the measurement gaps.

##### 5.2.3.1.18\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-70 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.3.1.18\_1.4-2 and 5.2.3.1.18\_1.4-3
as appropriate. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.3.1.18\_1.4-2 and 5.2.3.1.18\_1.4-3 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Tables
5.2.3.1.18\_1.4-2 and 5.2.3.1.18\_1.4-3 as appropriate.

##### 5.2.3.1.18\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-68 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.3.1.18\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-54 .H6}

As defined in clause 4.6.3 of TS 38.508-1 \[6\] with the following
exceptions:

Table 5.2.3.1.18\_1.3.3\_1-1: *LTE-NeighCellsCRS-AssistInfoList*

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-67A                                                                                                         
  Information Element                                                                                                                Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  LTE-NeighCellsCRS-AssistInfoList-r17 ::= SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxNrofCRS-IM-InterfCell-r17)) OF LTE-NeighCellsCRS-AssistInfo-r17 {   1 entry                  Test 1-1
  LTE-NeighCellsCRS-AssistInfo-r17\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                            
  neighCarrierBandwidthDL-r17                                                                                                        n100                     
  neighNrofCRS-Ports-r17                                                                                                             n4                       
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

Table 5.2.3.1.18\_1.3.3\_1-2: *MeasGapConfig*

  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-70                            
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  MeasGapConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                  Test 2-1
  gapUE CHOICE {                                                                
  setup SEQUENCE {                                                              
  gapOffset                                            7                        
  mgl                                                  ms6                      
  mgrp                                                 ms40                     
  mgta                                                 ms0                      
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------

##### 5.2.3.1.18\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-50 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.1.18\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.3.1.18\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-70 .H6}

Tables 5.2.3.1.18\_1.4-1, 5.2.3.1.18\_1.4-2 and 5.2.3.1.18\_1.4-3 define
the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Tables 5.2.3.1.18\_1.4-2 and
Tables 5.2.3.1.18\_1.4-3 for the specified SNR including test tolerances
for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.1.18\_1.4-1: Tests parameter for interference cells

+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Parameter     | Unit          | Cell 1        | Cell 2        |    |
+===============+===============+===============+===============+====+
| Duplex mode   |               | FDD           | FDD           |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| INR           | dB            | 11.25         | 5.4           |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| LTE Bandwidth | MHz           | 20            | 20            |    |
| (Note 5)      |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Carrier       |               | Same as the   | Same as the   |    |
| centre        |               | NR serving    | NR serving    |    |
| subcarrier    |               | carrier       | carrier       |    |
| location      |               | centre        | centre        |    |
| (Note 6)      |               | subcarrier    | subcarrier    |    |
|               |               | location      | location      |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Cyclic Prefix |               | Normal        | Normal        |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Physical cell |               | 1             | 2             |    |
| ID            |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| CRS pattern   | Number of     |               | 4             | 4  |
|               | antenna ports |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               | v-shift       |               | 1             | 2  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Downlink      |               | dB            | -6            | -6 |
| power         |               |               |               |    |
| allocation    |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               |               | dB            | -6            | -6 |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               | σ             | dB            | 0             | 0  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| PDSCH         |               | TM4           | TM4           |    |
| transmission  |               |               |               |    |
| mode          |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| PDSCH loading | \%            | 20%           | 20%           |    |
| level         |               | probability   | probability   |    |
|               |               | of occurrence | of occurrence |    |
|               |               | of LTE data   | of LTE data   |    |
|               |               | transmission  | transmission  |    |
|               |               | in time       | in time       |    |
|               |               | domain, and   | domain, and   |    |
|               |               | full          | full          |    |
|               |               | bandwidth     | bandwidth     |    |
|               |               | allocation in | allocation in |    |
|               |               | frequency     | frequency     |    |
|               |               | domain for    | domain for    |    |
|               |               | test 1-1.     | test 1-1.     |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Transmission  | \%            | 80% and 20%   | 80% and 20%   |    |
| rank          |               | probability   | probability   |    |
|               |               | for rank 1    | for rank 1    |    |
|               |               | and rank 2    | and rank 2    |    |
|               |               | respectively  | respectively  |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Interference  |               | As specified  | As specified  |    |
| model         |               | in clause B.7 | in clause B.7 |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Time offset   | us            | 3             | -1            |    |
| to the        |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Frequency     | Hz            | 300           | -100          |    |
| offset to the |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Propagation   |               | TDLA30-10 ULA | TDLA30-10 ULA |    |
| conditions    |               | Low           | Low           |    |
| and MIMO      |               |               |               |    |
| configuration |               |               |               |    |
| (Note 1)      |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Precoding     | PRB           | 8             | 8             |    |
| granularity   |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Note 1: The   |               |               |               |    |
| channel for   |               |               |               |    |
| the LTE       |               |               |               |    |
| interference  |               |               |               |    |
| cells and the |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
| are           |               |               |               |    |
| independent.  |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 2: No    |               |               |               |    |
| MBSFN is      |               |               |               |    |
| configured on |               |               |               |    |
| LTE carrier.  |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 3:       |               |               |               |    |
| Network-based |               |               |               |    |
| CRS           |               |               |               |    |
| interference  |               |               |               |    |
| mitigation is |               |               |               |    |
| disabled on   |               |               |               |    |
| LTE carrier.  |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 4: The   |               |               |               |    |
| start of      |               |               |               |    |
| transmission  |               |               |               |    |
| of LTE frame  |               |               |               |    |
| is delayed by |               |               |               |    |
| 2 LTE         |               |               |               |    |
| subframes     |               |               |               |    |
| with respect  |               |               |               |    |
| to the start  |               |               |               |    |
| of            |               |               |               |    |
| transmission  |               |               |               |    |
| of NR frame   |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 5: This  |               |               |               |    |
| parameter is  |               |               |               |    |
| informed to   |               |               |               |    |
| UE via        |               |               |               |    |
| network       |               |               |               |    |
| assistance    |               |               |               |    |
| signalling    |               |               |               |    |
| for Test 1-1  |               |               |               |    |
| in Table      |               |               |               |    |
| 5.            |               |               |               |    |
| 2.3.1.18.0-4. |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 6:       |               |               |               |    |
| Single entry  |               |               |               |    |
| is included   |               |               |               |    |
| in IE         |               |               |               |    |
| *LTE-NeighCe  |               |               |               |    |
| llsCRS-Assist |               |               |               |    |
| InfoList-r17* |               |               |               |    |
| that applies  |               |               |               |    |
| for both      |               |               |               |    |
| cells for     |               |               |               |    |
| cases with    |               |               |               |    |
| network       |               |               |               |    |
| signalling    |               |               |               |    |
| assistance    |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+

Table 5.2.3.1.18\_1.4-12 Test requirement for Rank 1 with the assistance
of network signalling on LTE channel bandwidth

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat |       | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | cond  | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  | ition | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.PD  | 10 /  | 1     | TDLA  | 4x4,  | 70    | 9.8   |
|       | SCH.1 | 15    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | -18.1 |       | 0.48  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 5.2.3.1.18\_1.4-3: Test requirement for Rank 1 without the
assistance of network signalling on LTE channel bandwidth

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat |       | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | cond  | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  | ition | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 2-1   | R.PD  | 10 /  | 1     | TDLA  | 4x4,  | 70    | 9.8   |
|       | SCH.1 | 15    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | -17.2 |       | 0.48  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.3.1.19 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH HST-SFN Scheme A performance - 2x4 MIMO for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.1.19.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-77 .H6}

To verify the UE performance in the HST-SFN Scheme A scenario.

##### 5.2.3.1.19.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-77 .H6}

This test case applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward that
support SFN scheme A for PDCCH scheduling SFN Scheme A PDSCH.

##### 5.2.3.1.19.3 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-65 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.19.3-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.1.19.3-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.19.3-1.

**Table 5.2.3.1.19.3-1: Tests purpose**

  **Purpose**                                                               **Test index**
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------
  Verify UE performance in the HST-SFN Scheme A scenario defined in B.3.5   1-1

**Table 5.2.3.1.19.3-2: Test parameters**

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| **          | **Unit**    | **Value**   |             |             |
| Parameter** |             |             |             |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| Duplex mode |             | FDD         |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Active DL   |             | 1           |             |             |
| BWP index   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDCCH       | TCI state   |             | Note 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH       | Mapping     |             | Type A      |             |
| co          | type        |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | k0          |             | 0           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Starting    |             | 2           |             |
|             | symbol (S)  |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Length (L)  |             | 12          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PDSCH       |             | 1           |             |
|             | aggregation |             |             |             |
|             | factor      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | Static      |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | 2           |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | size        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    |             | Type 0      |             |
|             | allocation  |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | RBG size    |             | Config2     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | Non-        |             |
|             | mapping     |             | interleaved |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | N/A         |             |
|             | mapping     |             |             |             |
|             | interleaver |             |             |             |
|             | bundle size |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | TCI state   |             | Note 1      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH DMRS  | DMRS Type   |             | Type 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 2           |             |
|             | additional  |             |             |             |
|             | DMRS        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Maximum     |             | 1           |             |
|             | number of   |             |             |             |
|             | OFDM        |             |             |             |
|             | symbols for |             |             |             |
|             | DL front    |             |             |             |
|             | loaded DMRS |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CSI-RS for  | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 5    |
| tracking    | set \#1     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 1  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 3       |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 9    |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 2  |
|             |             |             |             | and 4       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 10 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 1,2,3,4.    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | and 2\      |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 3  |
|             |             |             |             | and 4       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#3         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 6    |
|             | set \#2     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 5  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 7       |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 10   |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 6  |
|             |             |             |             | and 8       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 10 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 5,6,7,8.    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 5  |
|             |             |             |             | and 6\      |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 7  |
|             |             |             |             | and 8       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#4         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 4    |
|             | set \#3     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 9  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 11      |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 8    |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 10 |
|             |             |             |             | and 12      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 10 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 9,10,11,12. |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 9  |
|             |             |             |             | and 10\     |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 11 |
|             |             |             |             | and 12      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#5         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NZP CSI-RS  | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 12   |
| for CSI     | set \#4     | symbol in   |             |             |
| acquisition |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#0         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 13   |
|             | set \#5     | symbol in   |             |             |
|             |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#1         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 7    |
|             | set \#6     | symbol in   |             |             |
|             |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#2         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#0         | information | resource    |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#1\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#1         | information | resource    |             | resource 5  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#2\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#2         | information | resource    |             | resource 9  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#3\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#0     |
| \#3         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#1     |
| \#4         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#2     |
| \#5         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Number of   |             | 4           |             |             |
| HARQ        |             |             |             |             |
| Processes   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| The number  |             | 2           |             |             |
| of slots    |             |             |             |             |
| between     |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| rresponding |             |             |             |             |
| HARQ-ACK    |             |             |             |             |
| information |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Note 1: SSB |             |             |             |             |
| \# (k mod   |             |             |             |             |
| 3), CSI-RS  |             |             |             |             |
| (for        |             |             |             |             |
| tracking)   |             |             |             |             |
| resource    |             |             |             |             |
| set \# ((k  |             |             |             |             |
| mod 3) + 1) |             |             |             |             |
| and CSI-RS  |             |             |             |             |
| (for CSI    |             |             |             |             |
| a           |             |             |             |             |
| cquisition) |             |             |             |             |
| resource    |             |             |             |             |
| set \# ((k  |             |             |             |             |
| mod 3) + 4) |             |             |             |             |
| are         |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| by k^th^    |             |             |             |             |
| RRH.        |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| Codepoint   |             |             |             |             |
| \#0 is      |             |             |             |             |
| activated   |             |             |             |             |
| when UE     |             |             |             |             |
| receives    |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH/PDSCH |             |             |             |             |
| from        |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k and |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+1   |             |             |             |             |
| with TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| States TCI  |             |             |             |             |
| state \#0,  |             |             |             |             |
| TCI State   |             |             |             |             |
| \#1.        |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| Codepoint   |             |             |             |             |
| \#1 is      |             |             |             |             |
| activated   |             |             |             |             |
| when UE     |             |             |             |             |
| receives    |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH/PDSCH |             |             |             |             |
| from        |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+1   |             |             |             |             |
| and         |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+2   |             |             |             |             |
| with TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| States TCI  |             |             |             |             |
| state \#1,  |             |             |             |             |
| TCI State   |             |             |             |             |
| \#2.        |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| Codepoint   |             |             |             |             |
| \#2 is      |             |             |             |             |
| activated   |             |             |             |             |
| when UE     |             |             |             |             |
| receives    |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH/PDSCH |             |             |             |             |
| from        |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+2   |             |             |             |             |
| and         |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+3   |             |             |             |             |
| with TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| States TCI  |             |             |             |             |
| state \#2,  |             |             |             |             |
| TCI State   |             |             |             |             |
| \#0.        |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

**Table 5.2.3.1.19.3-3: Minimum performance for HST-SFN Scheme A**

  **Test num.**   **Reference channel**   **Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)**   **Modulation format and code rate**   **Propagation condition**   **Correlation matrix and antenna configuration**   **Reference value**                      
  --------------- ----------------------- ------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------- --------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- --------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                **Fraction of maximum throughput (%)**   **SNR (dB)**
  1-1             R.PDSCH.1-8.5 FDD       10 / 15                                          16QAM, 0.48                           HST-SFN Scheme A            2x4                                                70                                       9.1

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.1.19.

##### 5.2.3.1.19.4 Test description {#test-description-77 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.19.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-71 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.4
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.3.1.19.3-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.3.5.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.1.19.4.3.

##### 5.2.3.1.19.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-71 .H6}

1\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.3.1.19.5-1 as appropriate.

2\. SS is configured to transmit SSB and CSI-RS continuously and
schedule PDSCH and PDCCH transmission according to Note 1 in
5.2.3.1.19.3-2. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI
to transmit the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.3.1.19.5-1. The SS sends
downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

Note: All TCI states are known to the UE through configuration inside
RrcReconfiguration. There is no need to configure additional L1-RSRP
measurements.

3\. Send MAC CE command "Enhanced TCI States Indication for UE-specific
PDCCH MAC CE" according to the timing described in Note 1 of Table
5.2.3.1.19.3-2to active TCI state codepoint 0, 1 or 2 for PDCCH
periodically. PDSCH is automatically associated with TCI state codepoint
0, 1 or 2 as tci-PresentInDCI is not present. TCI states 3, 4 and 5 for
SSBs are automatically activated through relation of QCL-Info in NZP
CSI-RS.

4\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.3.1.19.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-69 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.3.1.19.4.3.1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-55 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.1.19.4.3.1-1: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                               
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------ -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment      Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                        
  prb-BundlingType CHOICE {                                                          
  staticBundling SEQUENCE {                                                          
  bundleSize                                             Not present    n2 is used   Test 1-1
  }                                                                                  
  }                                                                                  
  }                                                                                  

Table 5.2.3.1.19.4.3.1-2: DMRS-DownlinkConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-24                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  DMRS-DownlinkConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                              
  dmrs-AdditionalPosition                                pos2                     Test 1-1
  }                                                                               

Table 5.2.3.1.19.4.3.1-3: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-25                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                          
  nrofHARQ-ProcessesForPDSCH                             n4                       Test 1-1
  }                                                                               

Table 5.2.3.1.19.4.3.1-4: NZP-CSI-RS-Resource for TRS

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-8 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| NZP-            |                 |                 |           |
| CSI-RS-Resource |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| nzp-CS          | i-1 for CSI-RS  | for test 1-1    |           |
| I-RS-ResourceId | resource \#i,   |                 |           |
|                 | i=1,2,3,4,5,6   |                 |           |
|                 | ,7,8,9,10,11,12 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| qcl-Inf         | 3 for CSI-RS    | for test 1-1:   |           |
| oPeriodicCSI-RS | resource \#1,   |                 |           |
|                 | \#2, \#3, \#4   | TCI-StateId for |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-State \#3   |           |
|                 | 4 for CSI-RS    | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 | resource \#5,   | resource \#1,   |           |
|                 | \#6, \#7, \#8   | \#2, \#3, \#4   |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 5 for CSI-RS    | TCI-StateId for |           |
|                 | resource \#9,   | TCI-State \#4   |           |
|                 | \#10, \#11,     | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 | \#12            | resource \#5,   |           |
|                 |                 | \#6, \#7, \#8   |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-StateId for |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-State \#5   |           |
|                 |                 | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#9,   |           |
|                 |                 | \#10, \#11,     |           |
|                 |                 | \#12            |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.3.1.19.4.3.1-5: CSI-RS-ResourceMapping for TRS (Table
5.2.3.1.19.4.3.1-4)

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-9 |                 |                 |           |
| with condition  |                 |                 |           |
| TRS             |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CSI-RS-         |                 |                 |           |
| ResourceMapping |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| firstOFDMSym    | 5 for CSI-RS    | for test 1-1:   |           |
| bolInTimeDomain | resource \#1    |                 |           |
|                 | and \#3         | l~0~ = 5 for    |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | 9 for CSI-RS    | 1 and 3         |           |
|                 | resource \#2    |                 |           |
|                 | and \#4         | l~0~ = 9 for    |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | 6 for CSI-RS    | 2 and 4         |           |
|                 | resource \#5    |                 |           |
|                 | and \#7         | l~0~ = 6 for    |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | 10 for CSI-RS   | 5 and 7         |           |
|                 | resource \#6    |                 |           |
|                 | and \#8         | l~0~ = 10 for   |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | 4 for CSI-RS    | 6 and 8         |           |
|                 | resource \#9    |                 |           |
|                 | and \#11        | l~0~ = 4 for    |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | 8 for CSI-RS    | 9 and 11        |           |
|                 | resource \#10   |                 |           |
|                 | and \#12        | l~0~ = 8 for    |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 |                 | 10 and 12       |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.3.1.19.4.3.1-6: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Tracking (Table 5.2.3.1.19.4.3.1-4)

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-9 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CS              |                 |                 |           |
| I-ResourcePerio |                 |                 |           |
| dicityAndOffset |                 |                 |           |
| ::= CHOICE {    |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| slots10         | 1 for CSI-RS    | For test 1-1:   |           |
|                 | resource \#1,   |                 |           |
|                 | \#2, \#5, \#6,  | periodicity:    |           |
|                 | \#9, \#10       |                 |           |
|                 |                 | 10 slots.       |           |
|                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |                 |           |
|                 | resource \#3    | offset:         |           |
|                 | \#4, \#7, \#8,  |                 |           |
|                 | \#11, \#12      | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 1 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 2\              |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 3 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 4               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 5 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 6\              |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 7 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 8               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 9 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 10\             |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 11 and |           |
|                 |                 | 12              |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.3.1.19.4.3.1-7: NZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet for TRS

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 5.4.2.0-12     |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-       |                |                |                |
| RS-ResourceSet |                |                |                |
| ::= SEQUENCE { |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp\_CSI\      | 0 for Resource | For test 1-1   |                |
| _ResourceSetId | set \#1        |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 1 for Resource |                |                |
|                | set \#2        |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 2 for Resource |                |                |
|                | set \#3        |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 4 entries      | For test 1-1   | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#1            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 0              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#1   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 1              | entry 2        |                |
| esourceId\[2\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#2   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 2              | entry 3        |                |
| esourceId\[3\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#3   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 3              | entry 4        |                |
| esourceId\[4\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#4   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 4 entries      | For test 1-1   | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#2            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 4              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#5   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 5              | entry 2        |                |
| esourceId\[2\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#6   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 6              | entry 3        |                |
| esourceId\[3\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#7   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 7              | entry 4        |                |
| esourceId\[4\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#8   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 4 entries      | For test 1-1   | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#3            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 8              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#9   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 9              | entry 2        |                |
| esourceId\[2\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#10  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 10             | entry 3        |                |
| esourceId\[3\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#11  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 11             | entry 4        |                |
| esourceId\[4\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#12  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| trs-Info       | true           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.3.1.19.4.3.1-8: NZP-CSI-RS-Resource for CSI Acquisition

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table           |                 |                 |           |
| 5.4.2.0-14      |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| NZP-            |                 |                 |           |
| CSI-RS-Resource |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| nzp-CS          | 12 for CSI-RS   | for test 1-1    |           |
| I-RS-ResourceId | resource \#13   |                 |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 13 for CSI-RS   |                 |           |
|                 | resource \#14   |                 |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 14 for CSI-RS   |                 |           |
|                 | resource \#15   |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| qcl-Inf         | 0 for CSI-RS    | for test 1-1:   |           |
| oPeriodicCSI-RS | resource \#13   |                 |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-State \#0   |           |
|                 | 1 for CSI-RS    | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 | resource \#14   | resource \#13   |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 2 for CSI-RS    | TCI-State \#1   |           |
|                 | resource \#15   | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#14   |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-State \#2   |           |
|                 |                 | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#15   |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.3.1.19.4.3.1-9: CSI-RS-ResourceMapping for CSI Acquisition
(Table 5.2.3.1.19.4.3.1-8)

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table           |                 |                 |           |
| 5.4.2.0-15      |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CSI-RS-         |                 |                 |           |
| ResourceMapping |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| firstOFDMSym    | 12 for CSI-RS   | for test 1-1    |           |
| bolInTimeDomain | resource \#13   |                 |           |
|                 |                 | l0=12 for       |           |
|                 | 13 for CSI-RS   | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | resource \#14   | \#13            |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 7 for CSI-RS    | l0=13 for       |           |
|                 | resource \#15   | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 |                 | \#14            |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | l0=7 for CSI-RS |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#15   |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.3.1.19.4.3.1-10: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Acquisition (Table 5.2.3.1.19.4.3.1-8)

+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| Derivation Path:  |              |                   |           |
| TS 38.508-1       |              |                   |           |
| \[6\], Table      |              |                   |           |
| 5.4.2.0-16        |              |                   |           |
+===================+==============+===================+===========+
| Information       | Value/remark | Comment           | Condition |
| Element           |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| CSI-ResourcePer   |              |                   |           |
| iodicityAndOffset |              |                   |           |
| ::= CHOICE {      |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| slots20           | 0            | For test 1-1      |           |
|                   |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | periodicity = 20  |           |
|                   |              | slots.            |           |
|                   |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | offset = 0 slots  |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| }                 |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.3.1.19.4.3.1-11: NZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet for CSI Acquisition

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 5.4.2.0-18     |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-       |                |                |                |
| RS-ResourceSet |                |                |                |
| ::= SEQUENCE { |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp\_CSI\      | 3 for Resource | For test 1-1   |                |
| _ResourceSetId | set \#4        |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 4 for Resource |                |                |
|                | set \#5        |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 5 for Resource |                |                |
|                | set \#6        |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 1 entry        | For test 1-1   | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#4            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 12             | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#13  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 1 entry        | For test 1-1   | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#5            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 13             | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#14  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 1 entry        | For test 1-1   | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#5            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 14             | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#15  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.3.1.19.4.3.1-12: *TCI-State*

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 4.6.3-190      |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| TCI-State ::=  |                |                |                |
| SEQUENCE {     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| tci-StateId    | 0 for TCI      | For test 1-1   |                |
|                | state \#0      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 1 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#1      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 2 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#2      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 3 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#3      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 4 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#4      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 5 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#5      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| qcl-Type1      |                |                |                |
| SEQUENCE {     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| bwp-Id         | BWP-Id of      |                | TCI state \#0, |
|                | active BWP     |                | TCI state \#1, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#2  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Not present    |                | TCI state \#3, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#4, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#5  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| r              |                |                |                |
| eferenceSignal |                |                |                |
| CHOICE {       |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| csi-rs         | 0              | CSI-RS         | TCI state \#0  |
|                |                | resource \#1   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 4              | CSI-RS         | TCI state \#1  |
|                |                | resource \#5   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 8              | CSI-RS         | TCI state \#2  |
|                |                | resource \#9   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| ssb            | 0              | SSB \#0        | TCI state \#3  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 1              | SSB \#1        | TCI state \#4  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 2              | SSB \#2        | TCI state \#5  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| qcl-Type       | typeA          |                | TCI state \#0, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#1, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#2  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | typeC          |                | TCI state \#3, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#4, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#5  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

##### 5.2.3.1.19.4.3.2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-51 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.1.19.4.3.1.

##### 5.2.3.1.19.5 Test Requirement {#test-requirement-71 .H6}

Tables 5.2.3.1.19.3-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.1.19.5-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.1.19.5-1: Test Requirements for HST-SFN Scheme A

  **Test num.**   **Reference channel**   **Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)**   **Modulation format and code rate**   **Propagation condition**   **Correlation matrix and antenna configuration**   **Reference value**                      
  --------------- ----------------------- ------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------- --------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- --------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                **Fraction of maximum throughput (%)**   **SNR (dB)**
  1-1             R.PDSCH.1-8.5 FDD       10 / 15                                          16QAM, 0.48                           HST-SFN Scheme A            2x4                                                70                                       9.7

##### 5.2.3.1.20 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH HST-SFN Scheme B performance - 2x4 MIMO for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.1.20.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-78 .H6}

To verify the UE performance in the HST-SFN Scheme B scenario.

##### 5.2.3.1.20.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-78 .H6}

This test case applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward that
support SFN scheme B for PDCCH scheduling SFN Scheme B PDSCH.

##### 5.2.3.1.20.3 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-66 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.20.3-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.1.20.3-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.1.20.3-1.

**Table 5.2.3.1.20.3-1: Tests purpose**

  **Purpose**                                                               **Test index**
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------
  Verify UE performance in the HST-SFN Scheme B scenario defined in B.3.6   1-1

**Table 5.2.3.1.20.3-2: Test parameters**

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| **          | **Unit**    | **Value**   |             |             |
| Parameter** |             |             |             |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| Duplex mode |             | FDD         |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Active DL   |             | 1           |             |             |
| BWP index   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDCCH       | TCI state   |             | Note 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH       | Mapping     |             | Type A      |             |
| co          | type        |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | k0          |             | 0           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Starting    |             | 2           |             |
|             | symbol (S)  |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Length (L)  |             | 12          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PDSCH       |             | 1           |             |
|             | aggregation |             |             |             |
|             | factor      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | Static      |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | 2           |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | size        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    |             | Type 0      |             |
|             | allocation  |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | RBG size    |             | Config2     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | Non-        |             |
|             | mapping     |             | interleaved |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | N/A         |             |
|             | mapping     |             |             |             |
|             | interleaver |             |             |             |
|             | bundle size |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | TCI state   |             | Note 1      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH DMRS  | DMRS Type   |             | Type 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 2           |             |
|             | additional  |             |             |             |
|             | DMRS        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Maximum     |             | 1           |             |
|             | number of   |             |             |             |
|             | OFDM        |             |             |             |
|             | symbols for |             |             |             |
|             | DL front    |             |             |             |
|             | loaded DMRS |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CSI-RS for  | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 5    |
| tracking    | set \#1     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 1  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 3       |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 9    |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 2  |
|             |             |             |             | and 4       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 10 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 1,2,3,4.    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | and 2\      |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 3  |
|             |             |             |             | and 4       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#3         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 6    |
|             | set \#2     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 5  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 7       |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 10   |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 6  |
|             |             |             |             | and 8       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 10 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 5,6,7,8.    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 5  |
|             |             |             |             | and 6\      |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 7  |
|             |             |             |             | and 8       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#4         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 4    |
|             | set \#3     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 9  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 11      |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 8    |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 10 |
|             |             |             |             | and 12      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 10 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 9,10,11,12. |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 9  |
|             |             |             |             | and 10\     |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 11 |
|             |             |             |             | and 12      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#5         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NZP CSI-RS  | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 12   |
| for CSI     | set \#4     | symbol in   |             |             |
| acquisition |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#0         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 13   |
|             | set \#5     | symbol in   |             |             |
|             |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#1         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 7    |
|             | set \#6     | symbol in   |             |             |
|             |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#2         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#0         | information | resource    |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#1\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#1         | information | resource    |             | resource 5  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#2\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#2         | information | resource    |             | resource 9  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#3\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#0     |
| \#3         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#1     |
| \#4         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#2     |
| \#5         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Number of   |             | 4           |             |             |
| HARQ        |             |             |             |             |
| Processes   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| The number  |             | 2           |             |             |
| of slots    |             |             |             |             |
| between     |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| rresponding |             |             |             |             |
| HARQ-ACK    |             |             |             |             |
| information |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Note 1: SSB |             |             |             |             |
| \# (k mod   |             |             |             |             |
| 3), CSI-RS  |             |             |             |             |
| (for        |             |             |             |             |
| tracking)   |             |             |             |             |
| resource    |             |             |             |             |
| set \# ((k  |             |             |             |             |
| mod 3) + 1) |             |             |             |             |
| and CSI-RS  |             |             |             |             |
| (for CSI    |             |             |             |             |
| a           |             |             |             |             |
| cquisition) |             |             |             |             |
| resource    |             |             |             |             |
| set \# ((k  |             |             |             |             |
| mod 3) + 4) |             |             |             |             |
| are         |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| by k^th^    |             |             |             |             |
| RRH.\       |             |             |             |             |
| C           |             |             |             |             |
| odepoint\#0 |             |             |             |             |
| {TCI state  |             |             |             |             |
| \#0, TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| State \#1}  |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| activated   |             |             |             |             |
| when UE     |             |             |             |             |
| receives    |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH/PDSCH |             |             |             |             |
| from        |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k and |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+1.\ |             |             |             |             |
| C           |             |             |             |             |
| odepoint\#1 |             |             |             |             |
| {TCI state  |             |             |             |             |
| \#1, TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| State \#2}  |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| activated   |             |             |             |             |
| when UE     |             |             |             |             |
| receives    |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH/PDSCH |             |             |             |             |
| from        |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+1   |             |             |             |             |
| and         |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+2.\ |             |             |             |             |
| C           |             |             |             |             |
| odepoint\#2 |             |             |             |             |
| {TCI state  |             |             |             |             |
| \#2, TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| State \#0}  |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| activated   |             |             |             |             |
| when UE     |             |             |             |             |
| receives    |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH/PDSCH |             |             |             |             |
| from        |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+2   |             |             |             |             |
| and         |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+3.\ |             |             |             |             |
| The second  |             |             |             |             |
| indicated   |             |             |             |             |
| TCI state   |             |             |             |             |
| in each     |             |             |             |             |
| codepoint   |             |             |             |             |
| is not used |             |             |             |             |
| for quasi   |             |             |             |             |
| co-location |             |             |             |             |
| parameters  |             |             |             |             |
| {Doppler    |             |             |             |             |
| shift,      |             |             |             |             |
| Doppler     |             |             |             |             |
| spread}.    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

**Table 5.2.3.1.20.3-3: Minimum performance for HST-SFN Scheme B**

  **Test num.**   **Reference channel**   **Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)**   **Modulation format and code rate**   **Propagation condition**   **Correlation matrix and antenna configuration**   **Reference value**                      
  --------------- ----------------------- ------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------- --------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- --------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                **Fraction of maximum throughput (%)**   **SNR (dB)**
  1-1             R.PDSCH.1-8.5 FDD       10/15                                            16QAM, 0.48                           HST-SFN-Scheme B            2x4                                                70                                       8.4

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.1.20.

##### 5.2.3.1.20.4 Test description {#test-description-78 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.1.20.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-72 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.4
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.3.1.20.3-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.3.6.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.1.20.4.3.

##### 5.2.3.1.20.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-72 .H6}

1\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.3.1.20.5-1 as appropriate.

2\. SS is configured to transmit SSB and CSI-RS continuously and
schedule PDSCH and PDCCH transmission according to Note 1 in
5.2.3.1.20.3-2. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI
to transmit the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.3.1.20.5-1. The SS sends
downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

Note: All TCI states are known to the UE through configuration inside
RrcReconfiguration. There is no need to configure additional L1-RSRP
measurements.

3\. Send MAC CE command "Enhanced TCI States Indication for UE-specific
PDCCH MAC CE" according to the timing described in Note 1 of Table
5.2.3.1.20.3-2 to active TCI state codepoint 0, 1 or 2 for PDCCH
periodically. PDSCH is automatically associated with TCI state codepoint
0, 1 or 2 as tci-PresentInDCI is not present. TCI states 3, 4 and 5 for
SSBs are automatically activated through relation of QCL-Info in NZP
CSI-RS.

4\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.3.1.20.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-70 .H6}

Same message contents as in 5.2.3.1.19.4.3.

##### 5.2.3.1.20.5 Test Requirement {#test-requirement-72 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.1.20.3-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.1.20.5-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.1.20.5-1: Test Requirements for HST-SFN Scheme B

  **Test num.**   **Reference channel**   **Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)**   **Modulation format and code rate**   **Propagation condition**   **Correlation matrix and antenna configuration**   **Reference value**                      
  --------------- ----------------------- ------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------- --------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- --------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                **Fraction of maximum throughput (%)**   **SNR (dB)**
  1-1             R.PDSCH.1-8.5 FDD       10/15                                            16QAM, 0.48                           HST-SFN-Scheme B            2x4                                                70                                       9.0

#### 5.2.3.2 TDD

##### 5.2.3.2.1 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A performance

##### 5.2.3.2.1.0 Minimum conformance requirements for PDSCH Mapping Type A {#minimum-conformance-requirements-for-pdsch-mapping-type-a .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.1.0-3, Table
5.2.3.2.1.0-4, Table 5.2.3.2.1.0-5 and Table 5.2.3.2.1.0-6, with the
test parameters defined in Table 5.2.3.2.1.0-2 and the downlink physical
channel setup according to Annex C.2.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.1.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.2.1.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                                  Test index
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under4 receive antenna conditions and with different channel models, MCSs and number of MIMO layers   1-1, 1-2, 1-3, 1-5, 1-6, 1-7, 1-8, 1-9, 1-10, 1-11, 1-12, 2-1, 2-2, 3-1, 4-1
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A HARQ soft combining performance under 4 receive antenna conditions.                                                      1-4
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A performance requirements for Enhanced Receiver Type 1 under 4 receive antenna conditions.                                5-1

Table 5.2.3.2.1.0-2: Test Parameters for Testing

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Parameter      | Unit           | Value          |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Duplex mode    |                | TDD            |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Active DL BWP  |                | 1              |                |
| index          |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH          | Mapping type   |                | Type A         |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | k0             |                | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Starting       |                | 2              |
|                | symbol (S)     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Length (L)     |                | Specific to    |
|                |                |                | each Reference |
|                |                |                | channel        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PDSCH          |                | 1              |
|                | aggregation    |                |                |
|                | factor         |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | Static         |
|                | type           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | 4 for Tests    |
|                | size           |                | 1-1, 1-8, 1-9  |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | WB for Test    |
|                |                |                | 3-1            |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | 2 for other    |
|                |                |                | tests          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Resource       |                | Test 1-2: Type |
|                | allocation     |                | 1 with start   |
|                | type           |                | RB = 50,       |
|                |                |                | L~RBs~ = 6     |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Other tests:   |
|                |                |                | Type 0         |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | RBG size       |                | Test 1-2: N/A  |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Other tests:   |
|                |                |                | Config2        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N              |
|                | mapping type   |                | on-interleaved |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N/A            |
|                | mapping        |                |                |
|                | interleaver    |                |                |
|                | bundle size    |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH DMRS     | DMRS Type      |                | Type 1         |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Number of      |                | 2 for Tests    |
|                | additional     |                | 1-1, 1-7, 1-8, |
|                | DMRS           |                | 1-9, 1-10,     |
|                |                |                | 1-11\          |
|                |                |                | 1 for other    |
|                |                |                | tests          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Maximum number |                | 1              |
|                | of OFDM        |                |                |
|                | symbols for DL |                |                |
|                | front loaded   |                |                |
|                | DMRS           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CSI-RS for     | First OFDM     |                | Tests 1-8,     |
| tracking       | symbol in the  |                | 1-9:           |
|                | PRB used for   |                |                |
|                | CSI-RS         |                | l~0~ = 4 for   |
|                |                |                | CSI-RS         |
|                |                |                | resource 1 and |
|                |                |                | 3              |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | l~0~ = 8 for   |
|                |                |                | CSI-RS         |
|                |                |                | resource 2 and |
|                |                |                | 4              |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Other tests;   |
|                |                |                | Table 5.2-1.   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-RS         | Slots          | Test 1-7,      |
|                | periodicity    |                | 1-10, 1-11:\   |
|                |                |                | 20 for CSI-RS  |
|                |                |                | resource       |
|                |                |                | 1,2,3,4.       |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Other tests:   |
|                |                |                | Table 5.2-1.   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-RS offset  | Slots          | Test 1-7,      |
|                |                |                | 1-10, 1-11:\   |
|                |                |                | 1 for CSI-RS   |
|                |                |                | resource 1 and |
|                |                |                | 2\             |
|                |                |                | 2 for CSI-RS   |
|                |                |                | resource 3 and |
|                |                |                | 4.             |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Other tests:   |
|                |                |                | Table 5.2-1.   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Frequency      |                | Test 1-7,      |
|                | Occupation     |                | 1-10, 1-11:\   |
|                |                |                | Start PRB 0\   |
|                |                |                | Number of PRB  |
|                |                |                | = 52           |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Other tests:   |
|                |                |                | Table 5.2-1.   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Number of HARQ |                | 16 for Test    |                |
| Processes      |                | 1-4            |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                | 10 for Test    |                |
|                |                | 1-9            |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                | 8 for other    |                |
|                |                | tests          |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| The number of  |                | Specific to    |                |
| slots between  |                | each TDD UL-DL |                |
| PDSCH and      |                | pattern and as |                |
| corresponding  |                | defined in     |                |
| HARQ-ACK       |                | Annex A.1.2    |                |
| information    |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.3.2.1.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.2-1.1 TDD    40 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-1A           TDLB100-400             2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   -4.1
  1-2         R.PDSCH.2-1.2 TDD    40 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-1            TDLC300-100             2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   -2.7
  1-3         R.PDSCH.2-4.1 TDD    40 / 30                                      256QAM, 0.82                      FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   21.6
  1-4         R.PDSCH.2-2.1 TDD    40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            TDLC300-100             2x4, ULA Low                                   30                                   -1.2
  1-5         R.PDSCH.2-5.1 TDD    40 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-2            TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   -3.8
  1-6         R.PDSCH.2-6.1 TDD    40 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-3            TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   -3.6
  1-7         R.PDSCH.2-10.1 TDD   40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            HST-1000                1x4                                            70                                   3.4
  1-8         R.PDSCH.2-11.1 TDD   40 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-5            TDLB100-400             2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   -4.0
  1-9         R.PDSCH.2-12.1 TDD   40 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-6            TDLB100-400             2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   -4.0
  1-10        R.PDSCH.2-10.2 TDD   40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            TDLC300-1200            2x4                                            70                                   5.8
  1-11        R.PDSCH.2-10.3 TDD   40 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.43                       FR1.30-1            HST-1667                1x4                                            70                                   6.8
  1-12        R.PDSCH.2-25.1 TDD   40 / 30                                      1024QAM, 0.79                     FR1.30-1            TDLD30-5                2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   26.3

Table 5.2.3.2.1.0-4: Minimum performance for Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  2-1         R.PDSCH.2-3.1 TDD   40 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.50                       FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   13.6
  2-2         R.PDSCH.2-9.1 TDD   20 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.50                       FR1.30-4            TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   13.7

Table 5.2.3.2.1.0-5: Minimum performance for Rank 3

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  3-1         R.PDSCH.2-2.3 TDD   40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               4x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   11.1

Table 5.2.3.2.1.0-6: Minimum performance for Rank 4

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  4-1         R.PDSCH.2-2.4 TDD   40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               4x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.4

Table 5.2.3.2.1.0-7: Minimum performance for Rank 3 and EnhancedReceiver
Type 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5-1         R.PDSCH.2-2.3 TDD   40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               4x4, ULA Medium A                              70                                   22.9

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\] clause
5.2.3.2.1.

###### 5.2.3.2.1\_1 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A performance - 2x4 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-79 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 4 receive
antenna conditions and with different channel models, MCSs and number of
MIMO layers for a specified downlink Reference Measurement Channel (RMC)
to achieve a certain throughput and as well verify the HARQ soft
combining with default baseline receiver configuration, for Rank 1 and
Rank 2 scenarios.

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-79 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward,
supporting 4Rx antenna ports.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC and 4Rx antenna ports.

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-79 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-73 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.4
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.5 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.3.2.1.0-2 and as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,
Test Mode On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode On* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.2.1\_1.4.3.

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-73 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.2.1.0-3 and Table 5.2.3.2.1.0-4. The
SS sends downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.3.2.1\_1.3.4-1 and 5.2.3.2.1\_1.3.4-2 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Tables
5.2.3.2.1\_1.3.4-1 and 5.2.3.2.1\_1.3.4-2 as appropriate.

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-71 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-56 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.2.1\_1.3.3\_1-1: *BWP*

+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| Derivation Path:  |              |                   |           |
| TS 38.508-1       |              |                   |           |
| \[6\], Table      |              |                   |           |
| 4.6.3-8           |              |                   |           |
+===================+==============+===================+===========+
| Information       | Value/remark | Comment           | Condition |
| Element           |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| BWP ::= SEQUENCE  |              |                   |           |
| {                 |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| loc               | 13750        | For Test 2-2      |           |
| ationAndBandwidth |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | (20MHz BW, SCS    |           |
|                   |              | 30kHz)            |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
|                   | 28875        | For other tests   |           |
|                   |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | (40MHz BW, SCS    |           |
|                   |              | 30kHz)            |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| }                 |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.3.2.1\_1.3.3\_1-2: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                                               
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ---------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                      Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                        
  prb-BundlingType CHOICE {                                                                          
  staticBundling SEQUENCE {                                                                          
  bundleSize                                             n4             n4 for tests 1-1, 1-8, 1-9   
                                                         wideband       wideband for test 3-1        
                                                         Not present    n2 for other tests           
  }                                                                                                  
  }                                                                                                  
  }                                                                                                  

Table 5.2.3.2.1\_1.3.3\_1-3: DMRS-DownlinkConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-24                                                                       
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ---------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                                              Condition
  DMRS-DownlinkConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  dmrs-AdditionalPosition                                pos1           pos1 for all tests except tests 1-1, 1-7, 1-8, 1-9   
                                                         Not present    pos2 for tests 1-1, 1-7, 1-8, 1-9, 1-10, 1-11        
  }                                                                                                                          

Table 5.2.3.2.1\_1.3.3\_1-4: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-25                                       
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- -------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment              Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                     
  nrofHARQ-ProcessesForPDSCH                             Not present    n8 for other tests   
                                                         n16            n16 for test 1-4     
                                                         n10            n10 for test 1-9     
  }                                                                                          

Table 5.2.3.2.1\_1.3.3\_1-5: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Tracking

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 4.6.3-43  |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CS              |                 |                 |           |
| I-ResourcePerio |                 |                 |           |
| dicityAndOffset |                 |                 |           |
| ::= CHOICE {    |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Slots20         | 1 (for CSI-RS   | Periodicity 20  |           |
|                 | resources 1 and | slots and       |           |
|                 | 2)              | offset 1/2 for  |           |
|                 |                 | test 1-7, 1-10, |           |
|                 | 2 (for CSI-RS   | 1-11            |           |
|                 | resources 3 and |                 |           |
|                 | 4)              |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
|                 |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.3.2.1\_1.3.3\_1-5A: CSI-RS-ResourceMapping for TRS

+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| Derivation Path:  |              |                   |           |
| TS 38.508-1       |              |                   |           |
| \[6\], Table      |              |                   |           |
| 4.6.3-45          |              |                   |           |
+===================+==============+===================+===========+
| Information       | Value/remark | Comment           | Condition |
| Element           |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| CSI-R             |              |                   |           |
| S-ResourceMapping |              |                   |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {    |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| firstOFDMS        | 4            | For Tests 1-8,    | TRS       |
| ymbolInTimeDomain |              | 1-9:              |           |
|                   |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | l~0~ = 4 for      |           |
|                   |              | CSI-RS resource 1 |           |
|                   |              | and 3             |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
|                   | 8            | For Tests 1-8,    | TRS       |
|                   |              | 1-9:              |           |
|                   |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | l~0~ = 8 for      |           |
|                   |              | CSI-RS resource 2 |           |
|                   |              | and 4             |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| }                 |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.3.2.1\_1.3.3\_1-6: CSI-FrequencyOccupation for CSI Tracking

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-11                                                      
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ----------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                             Condition
  CSI-FrequencyOccupation ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                    
  nrofRBs                                                52             52 for tests 1-7, 1-10, 1-11, 2-2   TRS
                                                         108            108 for other tests                 TRS
  }                                                                                                         

Table 5.2.3.2.1\_1.3.3\_1-7: RACH-ConfigGeneric

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-130                                      
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment             Condition
  RACH-ConfigGeneric ::= SEQUENCE {                                                        
  prach-ConfigurationIndex                              163            Only for test 2-2   
  }                                                                                        

Table 5.2.3.2.1\_1.3.3\_1-8: SchedulingRequestResourceConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-157                                 
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- -------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment        Condition
  SchedulingRequestResourceConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                      
  periodicityAndOffset CHOICE {                                                       
  sl20                                                  7              For test 1-9   
  sl20                                                  5              For test 2-2   
  }                                                                                   
  }                                                                                   

Table 5.2.3.2.1\_1.3.3\_1-9: Physical layer parameters for DCI format
1\_1

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 5.4.2.0-1      |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Parameter      | Value          | Value in       | Condition      |
|                |                | binary         |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PUCCH resource | *PUCCH-Re      | '110'B         | Slot S1 for    |
| indicator      | sourceId\[1\]* |                | test 1-9       |
|                | = 6 in         |                |                |
|                | pucch-Reso     |                |                |
|                | urceSetID\[1\] |                |                |
|                | or             |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | *PUCCH-Re      |                |                |
|                | sourceId\[1\]* |                |                |
|                | = 14 in        |                |                |
|                | pucch-Reso     |                |                |
|                | urceSetID\[2\] |                |                |
|                | as defined in  |                |                |
|                | Table          |                |                |
|                | 4.6.3-112      |                |                |
|                | (Mapping as    |                |                |
|                | per Table      |                |                |
|                | 9.2.3-2 in TS  |                |                |
|                | 38.213)        |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.3.2.1\_1.3.3\_1-10: PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-27                                                                                       
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------------- --------------------
  Information Element                                                                       Value/remark   Comment                           Condition
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList::= SEQUENCE(SIZE(1..maxNrofDL-Allocations)) OF {   3 entry                                          Test 1-5, Test 1-6
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  K0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      100            Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=8    
  }                                                                                                                                          
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  K0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      53             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=12   
  }                                                                                                                                          
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[3\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  K0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      53             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=12   
  }                                                                                                                                          
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList::= SEQUENCE(SIZE(1..maxNrofDL-Allocations)) OF {   2 entry                                          Test 1-8
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  K0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      53             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=12   
  }                                                                                                                                          
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  K0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      81             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=10   
  }                                                                                                                                          
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList::= SEQUENCE(SIZE(1..maxNrofDL-Allocations)) OF {   5 entry                                          Test 1-9
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  K0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      53             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=12   
  }                                                                                                                                          
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  K0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      100            Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=8    
  }                                                                                                                                          
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[3\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  K0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      81             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=10   
  }                                                                                                                                          
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[4\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  K0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      53             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=12   
  }                                                                                                                                          
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[5\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  K0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      53             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=12   
  }                                                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                                                          

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-52 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.2.1\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-73 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.2.1.0-2 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A clause A.3.2.1 for each
throughput test shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table
5.2.3.2.1\_1.4-1 and Table 5.2.3.2.1\_1.4-2 for the specified SNR
including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.2.1\_1.4-1: Test Requirements for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.2-1.1 TDD    40 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-1A           TDLB100-400             2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   -3.1
  1-2         R.PDSCH.2-1.2 TDD    40 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-1            TDLC300-100             2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   -1.7
  1-3         R.PDSCH.2-4.1 TDD    40 / 30                                      256QAM, 0.82                      FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   22.5
  1-4         R.PDSCH.2-2.1 TDD    40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            TDLC300-100             2x4, ULA Low                                   30                                   -0.3
  1-5         R.PDSCH.2-5.1 TDD    40 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-2            TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   -2.8
  1-6         R.PDSCH.2-6.1 TDD    40 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-3            TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   -2.6
  1-7         R.PDSCH.2-10.1 TDD   40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            HST-1000                1x4                                            70                                   4.3
  1-8         R.PDSCH.2-11.1 TDD   40 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-5            TDLB100-400             2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   -3.1
  1-9         R.PDSCH.2-12.1 TDD   40 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.30-6            TDLB100-400             2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   -3.1
  1-10        R.PDSCH.2-10.2 TDD   40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            TDLC300-1200            2x4                                            70                                   6.7
  1-11        R.PDSCH.2-10.3 TDD   40 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.43                       FR1.30-1            HST-1667                1x4                                            70                                   7.7

Table 5.2.3.2.1\_1.4-2: Test Requirements for Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  2-1         R.PDSCH.2-3.1 TDD   40 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.50                       FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.6
  2-2         R.PDSCH.2-9.1 TDD   20 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.50                       FR1.30-4            TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.7

###### 5.2.3.2.1\_2 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A performance - 4x4 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_2.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-80 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 4 receive
antenna conditions and with different channel models, MCSs and number of
MIMO layers for a specified downlink Reference Measurement Channel (RMC)
to achieve a certain throughput and as well verify the HARQ soft
combining with default baseline receiver configuration, for Rank 3 and
Rank 4 scenarios.

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_2.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-80 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward
supporting 4 Rx antenna ports.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC and 4 Rx antenna ports.

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_2.3 Test description {#test-description-80 .H6}

Same test description as in clause 5.2.3.2.1\_1.3 with the following
exception:

\- Figure A.3.1.7.5 instead of A.3.1.7.4

\- Step 1 of Test procedure as in clause 5.2.3.2.1\_1.3.2 to call for
Tables 5.2.3.2.1.0-5 and 5.2.3.2.1.0-6 instead of Table 5.2.3.2.1.0-3
and 5.2.3.2.1.0-4.

\- Step 2 and 4 of Test procedure as in clause 5.2.3.2.1\_1.3.2 to call
for Tables 5.2.3.2.1\_2.3.4-1 and 5.2.3.2.1\_2.4-2 instead of Tables
5.2.3.2.1\_1.4-1 and 5.2.3.2.1\_1.4-2.

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_2.3.1 Void {#void .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_2.3.2 Void {#void-1 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_2.3.3 Void {#void-2 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_2.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-74 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.2.1.0-5 and Table 5.2.3.2.1.0-6 defines the primary level
settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A A.3.2.1 for each throughput
test shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.2.1\_2.4-1
andTable 5.2.3.2.1\_2.4-2 for the specified SNR including test
tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.2.1\_2.4-1: Test Requirements for Rank 3

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  3-1         R.PDSCH.2-2.3 TDD   40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               4x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   12.1

Table 5.2.3.2.1\_2.4-2: Test Requirements for Rank 4

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  4-1         R.PDSCH.2-2.4 TDD   40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               4x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   16.4

###### 5.2.3.2.1\_3 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A performance - 2x4 MIMO with enhanced receiver type 1 for both SA and NSA

FFS

###### 5.2.3.2.1\_4 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A performance - 4x4 MIMO with enhanced receiver type 1 for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_4.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-81 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH mapping Type A enhanced performance under 4 receive
antenna conditions for a specified downlink Reference Measurement
Channel (RMC) to achieve a certain throughput and as well verify the
HARQ soft combining with default enhanced receiver type 1 configuration,
for Rank 3 scenario.

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_4.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-81 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward
supporting 4 Rx antenna ports and NR enhanced receiver type 1.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC, 4 Rx antenna ports and NR enhanced receiver type1.

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_4.3 Test description {#test-description-81 .H6}

Same test description as in clause 5.2.3.2.1\_2.3 with the following
exception:

\- Step 1 of Test procedure as in clause 5.2.3.2.1\_1.3.2 to call for
Table 5.2.3.2.1.0-7 instead of Table 5.2.3.2.1.0-3 and 5.2.3.2.1.0-4.

\- Step 2 and 4 of Test procedure as in clause 5.2.3.2.1\_1.3.2 to call
for Table 5.2.3.2.1\_4.4-1 instead of Tables 5.2.3.2.1\_1.4-1 and
5.2.3.2.1\_1.4-2.

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_4.3.1 Void {#void-3 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_4.3.2 Void {#void-4 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_4.3.3 Void {#void-5 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_4.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-75 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.2.1.0-7 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A A.3.2.1 for each throughput
test shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.2.1\_4.4-1
for the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput
tests.

Table 5.2.3.2.1\_4.4-1: Test Requirements for Rank 3 and Enhanced
Receiver Type 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5-1         R.PDSCH.2-2.3 TDD   40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               4x4, ULA Medium A                              70                                   23.9

###### 5.2.3.2.1\_5 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A performance - 2x4 MIMO with baseline receiver for DL1024QAM for both SA and NSA

Editor\'s Note: Following aspects needs further investigation.

\- DL EVM of \<= 2.5% for f \> 4.2 GHz pending further analysis by the
TE vendors

###### 

###### 5.2.3.2.1\_5.1 Test purpose

Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 4 receive
antenna conditions with DL1024QAM for a specified downlink Reference
Measurement Channel (RMC) to achieve a certain throughput for Rank 1
scenario.

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_5.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-82 .H6}

This test applies to all types of UE release 17 and forward supporting
NR/5GC and DL1024QAM.

This test also applies to all types of UE release 17 and forward
supporting EN-DC and DL1024QAM.

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_5.3 Test description {#test-description-82 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_5.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-74 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.4
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.5 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.3.2.1.0-2 and as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,
Test Mode On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode On* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.2.1\_5.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_5.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-74 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.2.1\_5.4-1. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.3.2.1\_5.4-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_5.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-72 .H6}

Message contents are according to 38.508-1 \[6\] subclauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_5.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for NR/5GC {#message-exceptions-for-nr5gc-8 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.2.1\_1.3.3\_1 with the following exceptions.

Table 5.2.3.2.1\_5.3.3\_1-1: PDSCH-Config

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 Table 5.4.2.0-26                            
  ----------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                             Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                              
  mcs-Table-r17                                   qam1024                  Test 1-12
  }                                                                        

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_5.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for EN-DC {#message-exceptions-for-en-dc-8 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.2.1\_5.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.3.2.1\_5.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-76 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.2.1\_5.4-1 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A clause A.3.2.1 for each
throughput test shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table
5.2.3.2.1\_5.4-1 for the specified SNR including test tolerances for all
throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.2.1\_5.4-1: Test Requirements for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-12        R.PDSCH.2-25.1 TDD   40 / 30                                      1024QAM, 0.79                     FR1.30-1            TDLD30-5                2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   27.2

##### 5.2.3.2.2 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A and CSI-RS overlapped with PDSCH performance

##### 5.2.3.2.2.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-67 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.2.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.2.2.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.2.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.2.2.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                  Test index
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 4 receive antenna conditions and CSI-RS overlapped with PDSCH   1-1

Table 5.2.3.2.2.0-2: Test parameters

  Parameter                                                                  Unit                                                      Value                                                              
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------ ---------------------------------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                          TDD                                                                
  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                  1                                                                  
  PDSCH configuration                                                        Mapping type                                                                                                                 Type A
                                                                             k0                                                                                                                           0
                                                                             Starting symbol (S)                                                                                                          2
                                                                             Length (L)                                                                                                                   12
                                                                             PDSCH aggregation factor                                                                                                     1
                                                                             PRB bundling type                                                                                                            Static
                                                                             PRB bundling size                                                                                                            2
                                                                             Resource allocation type                                                                                                     Type 0
                                                                             RBG size                                                                                                                     Config2
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                                                                                      Non-interleaved
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                                                                                   N/A
  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                   DMRS Type                                                                                                                    Type 1
                                                                             Number of additional DMRS                                                                                                    1
                                                                             Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS                                                                      1
  NZP CSI-RS for CSI acquisition                                             OFDM symbols in the PRB used for CSI-RS                                                                                      l~0~ = 13
                                                                             CSI-RS periodicity                                        Slots                                                              5
  ZP CSI-RS for CSI acquisition                                              Subcarrier index in the PRB used for CSI-RS                                                                                  (k~0~, k~1~, k~2~, k~3~)=(2, 4, 6, 8)
                                                                             Number of CSI-RS ports (X)                                                                                                   8
                                                                             CSI-RS periodicity                                        Slots                                                              5
  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                             8                                                                  
  The number of slots between PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             Specific to each TDD UL-DL pattern and as defined in Annex A.1.2   

Table 5.2.3.2.2.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.2-7.1 TDD   40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            TDLC300-100             2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.0

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\] clause
5.2.3.2.2.

###### 5.2.3.2.2\_1 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A and CSI-RS overlapped with PDSCH performance - 2x4 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.2.2\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-83 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 4 receive
antenna conditions for a specified downlink Reference Measurement
Channel (RMC) to achieve a certain throughput and as well verify the
HARQ soft combining with default baseline receiver configuration for
CSI-RS overlapped with PDSCH scenario.

##### 5.2.3.2.2\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-83 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward
supporting 4 Rx antenna ports.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC and 4 Rx antenna ports.

##### 5.2.3.2.2\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-83 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.2\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-75 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.4
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.5 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Tables
5.2-1 and 5.2.3.2.2.0-2 and as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2, C.3.1 and uplink signals according to Annexes
G.0, G.1, G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,
Test Mode On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode On* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message content are defined in clause 5.2.3.2.2\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.2.2\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-75 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.2.2.0-2. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.3.2.2\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.3.2.2\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-73 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.3.2.2\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-57 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.2.2\_1.3.3\_1-1: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-25                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                          
  nrofHARQ-ProcessesForPDSCH                             Not present              
  }                                                                               

Table 5.2.3.2.2\_1.3.3\_1-2: NZP CSI-RS-ResourceMapping for CSI
Acquisition

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-15                              
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ----------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment     Condition
  CSI-RS-ResourceMapping ::= SEQUENCE {                                             
  firstOFDMSymbolInTimeDomain                            13             l~0~ = 13   
  }                                                                                 

Table 5.2.3.2.2\_1.3.3\_1-3: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Acquisition

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-16                                                     
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ---------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                            Condition
  CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset ::= CHOICE {                                                            
  slots5                                                 0              Periodicity 5 slots and offset 0   
  }                                                                                                        

Table 5.2.3.2.2\_1.3.3\_1-4: ZP CSI-RS-ResourceMapping for CSI
Acquisition

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], clause5.4.2.0-21                                                             
  ------------------------------------------------------ ------------------------- ------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark              Comment                         Condition
  CSI-RS-ResourceMapping ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                            
  frequencyDomainAllocation CHOICE {                                                                               
  other                                                  011110                    (k0, k1, k2, k3)=(2, 4, 6, 8)   
  }                                                                                                                
  nrofPorts                                              P8                        Eight Ports                     
    freqBand                                             CSI-FrequencyOccupation                                   
  }                                                                                                                

Table 5.2.3.2.2\_1.3.3\_1-4A: ZP CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for
CSI Acquisition

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-16                                                     
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ---------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                            Condition
  CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset ::= CHOICE {                                                            
  slots5                                                 0              Periodicity 5 slots and offset 0   
  }                                                                                                        

##### 5.2.3.2.2\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-53 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.2.2\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.3.2.2\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-77 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.2.2.0-3 define the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A.3.2.2 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.2.2\_1.4-1 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.2.2\_1.4-1: Test Requirement for Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.2-7.1 TDD   40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            TDLC300-100             2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.9

##### 5.2.3.2.3 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type B performance

##### 5.2.3.2.3.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-68 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.3.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.2.3.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.3.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.2.3.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                               Test index
  --------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  PDSCH mapping Type B performance under 4 receive antenna conditions   1-1

Table 5.2.3.2.3.0-2: Test parameters

  Parameter                                                                  Unit                                                      Value                                                              
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------ -----------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                          TDD                                                                
  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                  1                                                                  
  PDSCH configuration                                                        Mapping type                                                                                                                 Type B
                                                                             k0                                                                                                                           0
                                                                             Starting symbol (S)                                                                                                          5
                                                                             Length (L)                                                                                                                   7
                                                                             PDSCH aggregation factor                                                                                                     1
                                                                             PRB bundling type                                                                                                            Static
                                                                             PRB bundling size                                                                                                            2
                                                                             Resource allocation type                                                                                                     Type 0
                                                                             RBG size                                                                                                                     Config2
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                                                                                      Non-interleaved
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                                                                                   N/A
  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                   DMRS Type                                                                                                                    Type 1
                                                                             Number of additional DMRS                                                                                                    1
                                                                             Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS                                                                      1
  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                             8                                                                  
  The number of slots between PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             Specific to each TDD UL-DL pattern and as defined in Annex A.1.2   

Table 5.2.3.2.3.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern |       | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | cond  | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | ition | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 40 /  | QPSK, | FR1   | TDLA  | 2x4,  | 70    | -3.9  |
|       | DSCH, | 30    | 0.30  | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 2-1.3 |       |       |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\] clause
5.2.3.2.3.

###### 5.2.3.2.3\_1 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type B performance - 2x4 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.2.3\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-84 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH mapping Type B normal performance under 4 receive
antenna conditions for a specified downlink Reference Measurement
Channel (RMC) to achieve a certain throughput with baseline receiver
configuration.

##### 5.2.3.2.3\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-84 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward
supporting 4 Rx antenna ports and PDSCH mapping type B.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC and 4 Rx antenna ports and PDSCH mapping type B.

##### 5.2.3.2.3\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-84 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.3\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-76 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.4
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.5 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Tables
5.2-1 and 5.2.3.2.3.0-2 and as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2, C.3.1 and uplink signals according to Annexes
G.0, G.1, G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,
Test Mode On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode On* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message content are defined in clause 5.2.3.2.3\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.2.3\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-76 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.2.3.0-2. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.3.2.3\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.3.2.3\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-74 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.3.2.3\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-58 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.2.3\_1.3.3\_1-1: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-25                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                          
  nrofHARQ-ProcessesForPDSCH                             Not present              
  }                                                                               

Table 5.2.3.2.3\_1.3.3\_1-2: PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2-19                                                                                         
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                       Value/remark   Comment                           Condition
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList::= SEQUENCE(SIZE(1..maxNrofDL-Allocations)) OF {   2 entry                                          
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  K0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeB                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      89             Start symbol(S)=5, Length(L)=7    
  }                                                                                                                                          
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[2\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  K0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      53             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=12   
  }                                                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                                                          

##### 5.2.3.2.3\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-54 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.2.3\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.3.2.3\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-78 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.2.3.0-3 define the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A.3.2.2 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.2.3\_1.4-1 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.2.3\_1.4-1: Test Requirement for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern |       | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | cond  | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | ition | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 40 /  | QPSK, | FR1   | TDLA  | 2x4,  | 70    | -2.9  |
|       | DSCH, | 30    | 0.30  | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 2-1.3 |       |       |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.3.2.4 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A performance

##### 5.2.3.2.4.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-69 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.4.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.2.4.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.4.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.2.4.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                   Test index
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 4 receive antenna conditions with CRS rate matching configured   1-1, 1-2

Table 5.2.3.2.4.0-2: Test parameters

  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Parameter                                                                  Unit                                                      Value                                                              
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------ -----------------------------------------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                          TDD                                                                

  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                  1                                                                  

  NR UL transmission with a 7.5 kHz shift to the LTE raster                                                                            true                                                               

  PDSCH configuration                                                        Mapping type                                                                                                                 Type A

                                                                             k0                                                                                                                           0

                                                                             Starting symbol (S)                                                                                                          3

                                                                             Length (L)                                                                                                                   9 for Test 1-1\
                                                                                                                                                                                                          11 for Test 1-2

                                                                             PDSCH aggregation factor                                                                                                     1

                                                                             PRB bundling type                                                                                                            Static

                                                                             PRB bundling size                                                                                                            2

                                                                             Resource allocation type                                                                                                     Type 0

                                                                             RBG size                                                                                                                     Config2

                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                                                                                      Non-interleaved

                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                                                                                   N/A

  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                   DMRS Type                                                                                                                    Type 1

                                                                             Position of the first DM-RS for downlink                                                                                     3

                                                                             Number of additional DMRS                                                                                                    1

                                                                             Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS                                                                      1

  CRS for rate matching (Note 1)                                             LTE carrier centre subcarrier location                                                                                       Same as NR carrier centre subcarrier location

                                                                             LTE carrier BW                                            MHz                                                                10

                                                                             Number of antenna ports                                                                                                      4

                                                                             v-shift                                                                                                                      0

  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                             8                                                                  

  The number of slots between PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             Specific to each TDD UL-DL pattern and as defined in Annex A.1.2   

  Note 1: No MBSFN is configured on LTE carrier                                                                                                                                                           
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table 5.2.3.2.4.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-1.1 TDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.15-1            TDLA30-10               4x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   -3.6
  1-2         R.PDSCH.1-1.2 TDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.15-1            TDLA30-10               4x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   -3.5

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\] clause
5.2.3.2.4.

###### 5.2.3.2.4\_1 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH Mapping Type A and LTE-NR coexistence performance - 4x4 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.2.4\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-85 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH mapping Type A coexistence performance under 4
receive antenna conditions for a specified downlink Reference
Measurement Channel (RMC) to achieve a certain throughput with baseline
receiver configuration.

##### 5.2.3.2.4\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-85 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward supporting
4 Rx antenna ports and capability IE *rateMatchingLTE-CRS but not*
supporting capability IE *additionalDMRS-DL-Alt*.

Test 1-1 also applies to all types of E-UTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC and 4 Rx antenna ports and capability IE
*rateMatchingLTE-CRS but not* supporting capability IE
*additionalDMRS-DL-Alt*.

Test 1-2 applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward supporting
4 Rx antenna ports and capability IE *additionalDMRS-DL-Alt and*
*rateMatchingLTE-CRS*.

Test 1-2 also applies to all types of E-UTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC and 4 Rx antenna ports and and capability IE
*additionalDMRS-DL-Alt and* *rateMatchingLTE-CRS*.

##### 5.2.3.2.4\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-85 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.4\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-77 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.2.4\_1.3.1 with the following exceptions:

\- Use Figure A.3.1.7.5 for TE diagram

\- Use Figure A.3.2.5 for UE diagram

\- Instead of 5.2.2.2.4.x refer 5.2.3.2.4.x

##### 5.2.3.2.4\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-77 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.2.4\_1.3.2 with the following exceptions:

\- Instead of 5.2.2.2.4.x refer 5.2.3.2.4.x

##### 5.2.3.2.4\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-75 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.2.4\_1.3.3

##### 5.2.3.2.4\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-79 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.2.4.0-3 define the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A.3.2.2 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.2.4\_1.4-1 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.2.4\_1.4-1: Test Requirement for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.1-1.1 TDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.15-1            TDLA30-10               4x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   -2.6
  1-2         R.PDSCH.1-1.2 TDD   10 / 15                                      QPSK, 0.30                        FR1.15-1            TDLA30-10               4x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   -2.5

##### 5.2.3.2.5 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH 0.001% BLER performance

##### 5.2.3.2.5.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-70 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.5.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.2.5.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.5.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.2.5.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                       Test index
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the PDSCH 0.001% BLER performance under 4 receive antenna conditions   1-1

Table 5.2.3.2.5.0-2: Test parameters

  Parameter                                                                  Unit                                                      Value                                             
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------- -----------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                          TDD                                               
  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                  1                                                 
  PDSCH configuration                                                        Mapping type                                                                                                Type A
                                                                             k0                                                                                                          0
                                                                             Starting symbol (S)                                                                                         2
                                                                             Length (L)                                                                                                  12
                                                                             PDSCH aggregation factor                                                                                    1
                                                                             PRB bundling type                                                                                           Static
                                                                             PRB bundling size                                                                                           2
                                                                             Resource allocation type                                                                                    Type 0
                                                                             RBG size                                                                                                    Config2
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                                                                     Non-interleaved
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                                                                  N/A
  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                   DMRS Type                                                                                                   Type 1
                                                                             Number of additional DMRS                                                                                   1
                                                                             Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS                                                     1
  Maximum number of HARQ transmission                                                                                                  1                                                 
  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                             8                                                 
  The number of slots between PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             Defined in Annex A.1.2 for TDD pattern FR1.30-1   

Table 5.2.3.2.5.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value   
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Target BLER       SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.2-1.4 TDD   40 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.59                        FR1.30-1            AWGN                    1x4, ULA Low                                   0.001%            0.7

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.2.5.

###### 5.2.3.2.5\_1 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH 0.001% BLER performance - 1x4 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.2.5\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-86 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH 0.001% BLER performance under 4 receive antenna
conditions.

##### 5.2.3.2.5\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-86 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE *dl-64QAM-MCS-TableAlt* and capability IE *cqi-TableAlt*.

##### 5.2.3.2.5\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-86 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.5\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-78 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.3
for TE diagram and section A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2.3.2.5.0-2 and Table 5.2.3.2.5.0-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.2.5\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.2.5\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-78 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.2.5.0-3. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.3.2.5\_1.3.4-1.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.4. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.4.3-1 in Annex G.

##### 5.2.3.2.5\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-76 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.5\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-59 .H6}

As defined in clause 5.4.2 of TS 38.508-1 \[6\] with the following
exceptions:

Table 5.2.3.2.5\_1.3.3\_1-1: PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2-19                                                                                         
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                       Value/remark   Comment                           Condition
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList::= SEQUENCE(SIZE(1..maxNrofDL-Allocations)) OF {   2 entry                                          FR1
  mcs-Table                                                                                 qam64LowSE                                       
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                         
  k0                                                                                        Not present                                      
  mappingType                                                                               typeA                                            
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      53             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=12   
  }                                                                                                                                          
  }                                                                                                                                          

##### 5.2.3.2.5\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-55 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.2.5\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.3.2.5\_1.3.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-80 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.2.5.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.2.5\_1.3.4-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.2.5\_1.3.4-1: Test requirement for Rank 1

  Test num.   Reference channel   Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value   
  ----------- ------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Target BLER       SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.2-1.4 TDD   40 / 30                                      QPSK, 0.59                        FR1.30-1            AWGN                    1x4, ULA Low                                   0.001%            1.8

##### 5.2.3.2.6 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH repetitions over multiple slots performance

##### 5.2.3.2.6.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-71 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.6.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.2.6.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.6.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.2.6.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                           Test index
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the PDSCH repetitions over multiple slots performance under 4 receive antenna conditions   1-1

Table 5.2.3.2.6.0-2: Test parameters

  Parameter                                                                                      Unit                                                      Value                                                                       
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                                              TDD                                                                         
  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                                      1                                                                           
  PDSCH configuration                                                                            Mapping type                                                                                                                          Type A
                                                                                                 k0                                                                                                                                    0
                                                                                                 Starting symbol (S)                                                                                                                   2
                                                                                                 Length (L)                                                                                                                            12
                                                                                                 PDSCH aggregation factor                                                                                                              2
                                                                                                 PRB bundling type                                                                                                                     Static
                                                                                                 PRB bundling size                                                                                                                     2
                                                                                                 Resource allocation type                                                                                                              Type 0
                                                                                                 RBG size                                                                                                                              Config2
                                                                                                 VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                                                                                               Non-interleaved
                                                                                                 VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                                                                                            N/A
  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                                       DMRS Type                                                                                                                             Type 1
                                                                                                 Number of additional DMRS                                                                                                             1
                                                                                                 Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS                                                                               1
  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                                                 4                                                                           
  The number of slots between final repetition of PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             Specific to each TDD UL-DL pattern and as defined in Annex A.1.2 (Note 1)   
  Note 1: ACK/NACK feedback is generated for PDSCH on slot i, where mod(i,10) = {2, 4, 6}.                                                                                                                                             

Table 5.2.3.2.6.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

  Test num.                                                                                                                                                                                           Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value   
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Target BLER       SNR (dB)
  1-1                                                                                                                                                                                                 R.PDSCH.2-16.1 TDD   40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.54                       FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   1% (Note 1)       -2.6
  Note 1: BLER is defined as residual BLER; i.e. ratio of incorrectly received transport blocks / sent transport blocks, independently of the number HARQ transmission(s) for each transport block.                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.2.6.

###### 5.2.3.2.6\_1 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH repetitions over multiple slots performance - 2x4 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.2.6\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-87 .H6}

To Verify the PDSCH repetitions over multiple slots performance under 4
receive antenna conditions.

##### 5.2.3.2.6\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-87 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE dl-64QAM-MCS-TableAlt and *pdsch-RepetitionMultiSlots*.

Test 1-1 also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 16 and forward
supporting EN-DC and capability IE dl-64QAM-MCS-TableAlt and
pdsch-RepetitionMultiSlots.

##### 5.2.3.2.6\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-87 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.6\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-79 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-2 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.4
for TE diagram and section A.3.2.5 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.3-1, Table 5.2.3.2.6.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.2.6\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.2.6\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-79 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.2.6.0-3. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC. The UE may expect that the TB is repeated
with same symbol allocation among each of the *pdsch-AggregationFactor*
consecutive slots.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.3.2.6\_1.3.4-1.

3\. Measure the BLER for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the number of
correctly and incorrectly received transport bloks based on ACK/NACK
feedback on the UL during each subtest and decide pass or fail according
to clause G.1.5 and Table G.1.5-1a in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.3.2.6\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-77 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.6\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-60 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.6\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.2.2.6\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-61 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.6\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.3.2.6\_1.3.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-81 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.2.6.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The target BLER percentage for the downlink reference measurement
channels specified in Annex A.3.2.2 for each BLER test shall meet or
exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.2.6\_1.3.4-1 for the specified
SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.2.6\_1.3.4-1: Test requirement for Rank 1

  Test num.                                                                                                                                                                                           Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value   
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Target BLER       SNR (dB)
  1-1                                                                                                                                                                                                 R.PDSCH.2-16.1 TDD   40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.54                       FR1.30-1            TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   1% (Note 1)       -1.7
  Note 1: BLER is defined as residual BLER; i.e. ratio of incorrectly received transport blocks / sent transport blocks, independently of the number HARQ transmission(s) for each transport block.                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

##### 5.2.3.2.7 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH Mapping Type B and UE processing capability 2 performance

##### 5.2.3.2.7.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-72 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.7.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.2.7.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.7.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.2.7.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                        Test index
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify PDSCH mapping Type B performance and UE processing capability 2 under four receive antenna conditions   1-1

Table 5.2.3.2.7.0-2: Test parameters

  Parameter                                                                  Unit                                                      Value   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------- -----------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                          TDD     
  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                  1       
  PDSCH configuration                                                        Mapping type                                                      Type B
                                                                             k0                                                                0
                                                                             Starting symbol (S)                                               2
                                                                             Length (L)                                                        2
                                                                             PDSCH aggregation factor                                          1
                                                                             PRB bundling type                                                 Static
                                                                             PRB bundling size                                                 2
                                                                             Resource allocation type                                          Type 0
                                                                             RBG size                                                          Config2
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                           Non-interleaved
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                        N/A
  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                   DMRS Type                                                         Type 1
                                                                             Number of additional DMRS                                         0
                                                                             Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS           1
  Maximum number of HARQ transmission                                                                                                  1       
  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                             2       
  The number of slots between PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             0       

Table 5.2.3.2.7.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern |       | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | cond  | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | ition | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.PD  | 40 /  | QPSK, | FR1   | TDLA  | 2x4,  | 70    | -2.5  |
|       | SCH.2 | 30    | 0.30  | .30-2 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | -17.1 |       |       |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.2.7.

###### 5.2.3.2.7\_1 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH Mapping Type B and UE processing capability 2 performance - 2x4 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.2.7\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-88 .H6}

To verify PDSCH mapping Type B performance and UE processing capability
2 under four receive antenna conditions.

##### 5.2.3.2.7\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-88 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE *pdsch-ProcessingType2*.

##### 5.2.3.2.7\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-88 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.7\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-80 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.4
for TE diagram and section A.3.2.5 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2.3.2.7.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.2.7\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.2.7\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-80 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.2.7.0-3. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.3.2.7\_1.4-1.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.3.2.7\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-78 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.7\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-62 .H6}

As defined in clause 5.4.2 of TS 38.508-1 \[6\] with the following
exceptions:

Table 5.2.3.2.7\_1.3.3\_1-1: PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2-19                                                                                        
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- -------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                                       Value/remark   Comment                          Condition
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocationList::= SEQUENCE(SIZE(1..maxNrofDL-Allocations)) OF {   2 entry                                         FR1
  PDSCH-TimeDomainResourceAllocation\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                        
  k0                                                                                        Not present                                     
  mappingType                                                                               typeB                                           
  startSymbolAndLength                                                                      16             Start symbol(S)=2, Length(L)=2   
  }                                                                                                                                         
  }                                                                                                                                         

Table 5.2.3.2.7\_1.3.3\_1-2: *PUCCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-112                            
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PUCCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                    FR1
  dl-DataToUL-ACK SEQUENCE (SIZE (1)) OF INTEGER {      1 entry                  
  INTEGER\[1\]                                          0              entry 1   
  }                                                                              
  }                                                                              

Table 5.2.3.2.7\_1.3.3\_1-3: Physical layer parameters for DCI format
1\_1

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.3.6.1.2.2-1                                                                                  
  --------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------- -----------
  Parameter                                                 Value                                                        Value in binary   Condition
  PDSCH-to-HARQ\_feedback timing indicator                  K1=0 as per dl-DataToUL-ACK in Table 5.2.3.2.7\_1.3.3\_1-3   "000"             

Table 5.2.3.2.7\_1.3.3\_1-4: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-25                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                          
  processingType2Enabled                                 true                     
  }                                                                               

##### 5.2.3.2.7\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-56 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.2.7\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.3.2.7\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-82 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.2.7.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.2.7\_1.4-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.2.7\_1.4-1: Test requirement for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern |       | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | cond  | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | ition | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.PD  | 40 /  | QPSK, | FR1   | TDLA  | 2x4,  | 70    | -1.5  |
|       | SCH.2 | 30    | 0.30  | .30-2 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | -17.1 |       |       |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.3.2.8 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH pre-emption performance

##### 5.2.3.2.8.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-73 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.8.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.2.8.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.8.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.2.8.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                       Test index
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the PDSCH pre-emption performance under 4 receive antenna conditions   1-1

Table 5.2.3.2.8.0-2: Test parameters

+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
| Parameter        | Unit             | Value    |                  |
+==================+==================+==========+==================+
| Duplex mode      |                  | TDD      |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
| Active DL BWP    |                  | 1        |                  |
| index            |                  |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
| PDCCH            | Symbols with     |          | 0, 1             |
| configuration    | PDCCH            |          |                  |
| (Note 4)         |                  |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | DCI format       |          | 2\_1             |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | timeFrequencySet |          | 14x1             |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
| PDSCH            | Mapping type     |          | Type A           |
| configuration    |                  |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | k0               |          | 0                |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | Starting symbol  |          | 2                |
|                  | (S)              |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | Length (L)       |          | 12               |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | PDSCH            |          | 1                |
|                  | aggregation      |          |                  |
|                  | factor           |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | PRB bundling     |          | Static           |
|                  | type             |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | PRB bundling     |          | 2                |
|                  | size             |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | Resource         |          | Type 0           |
|                  | allocation type  |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | RBG size         |          | Config2          |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | VRB-to-PRB       |          | Non-interleaved  |
|                  | mapping type     |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | VRB-to-PRB       |          | N/A              |
|                  | mapping          |          |                  |
|                  | interleaver      |          |                  |
|                  | bundle size      |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
| PDSCH DMRS       | DMRS Type        |          | Type 1           |
| configuration    |                  |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | Number of        |          | 1                |
|                  | additional DMRS  |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | Maximum number   |          | 1                |
|                  | of OFDM symbols  |          |                  |
|                  | for DL front     |          |                  |
|                  | loaded DMRS      |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
| Pre-emption      | Starting symbol  |          | 3                |
| configuration    | (S)              |          |                  |
| (Note 2)         |                  |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | Length (L)       |          | 2                |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
|                  | Pre-emption      | Slots    | 40/(1,12,23,34)  |
|                  | periodicity and  |          | (Note 3)         |
|                  | offset           |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
| Number of HARQ   |                  | 8        |                  |
| Processes        |                  |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
| The number of    |                  | FR1.30-1 |                  |
| slots between    |                  |          |                  |
| PDSCH and        |                  |          |                  |
| corresponding    |                  |          |                  |
| HARQ-ACK         |                  |          |                  |
| information      |                  |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+
| Note 1: Void     |                  |          |                  |
|                  |                  |          |                  |
| Note 2:          |                  |          |                  |
| Interference     |                  |          |                  |
| modelled as      |                  |          |                  |
| random data on   |                  |          |                  |
| pre-empted REs.  |                  |          |                  |
|                  |                  |          |                  |
| Note 3:          |                  |          |                  |
| Pre-emption is   |                  |          |                  |
| scheduled with   |                  |          |                  |
| 10% probability  |                  |          |                  |
| within 20ms      |                  |          |                  |
| periodicity.     |                  |          |                  |
|                  |                  |          |                  |
| Note 4: In       |                  |          |                  |
| addition to      |                  |          |                  |
| PDCCH            |                  |          |                  |
| configuration in |                  |          |                  |
| Table 5.2-1.     |                  |          |                  |
+------------------+------------------+----------+------------------+

Table 5.2.3.2.8.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 40 /  | 16QAM | FR1   | TDLA  | 2x4,  | 70    | 8.7   |
|       | DSCH. | 30    |       | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 2-2.6 |       | 0.64  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.2.8.

###### 5.2.3.2.8\_1 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH pre-emption performance - 2x4 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.2.8\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-89 .H6}

To Verify the PDSCH pre-emption performance under 4 receive antenna
conditions.

##### 5.2.3.2.8\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-89 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE *pre-EmptIndication-DL-r16*.

##### 5.2.3.2.8\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-89 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.8\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-81 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.4
for TE diagram and section A.3.2.5 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2.3.2.8.0-2 and Table 5.2.3.2.8.0-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.2.8\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.2.8\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-81 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.2.8.0-3. The SS sends downlink MAC
padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. SS transmits PDCCH DCI format 2\_1 for int\_RNTI with 10%
probability to transmit the DL Preemption indication according to Table
5.2.3.2.8.0-2. In the time and frequency set indicated by PDCCH DCI
format 2\_1, SS stops transmission of PDSCH.

3\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.3.2.8\_1.3.4-1.

4\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.3.2.8\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-79 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.8\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-63 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.8\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.3.2.8\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-57 .H6}

Same as 5.2.2.1.8\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.3.2.8\_1.3.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-83 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.2.8.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.2.8\_1.3.4-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.2.8\_1.3.4-1: Minimum performance for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 40 /  | 16QAM | FR1   | TDLA  | 2x4,  | 70    | 9.7   |
|       | DSCH. | 30    |       | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 2-2.6 |       | 0.64  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.3.2.9 4Rx TDD FR1 HST-SFN performance

##### 5.2.3.2.9.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-74 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.9.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.2.9.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.9.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.2.9.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                                    Test index
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify PDSCH performance under 4 receive antenna conditions in the HST-SFN scenario defined in B.3.2 when *highSpeedDemodFlag-r16* \[17\] is configured.   1-1

Table 5.2.3.2.9.0-2: Test parameters

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Parameter                                                                  Unit                                                      Value                                                              
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------------------------------------------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                          TDD                                                                

  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                  1                                                                  

  PDSCH configuration                                                        Mapping type                                                                                                                 Type A

                                                                             k0                                                                                                                           0

                                                                             Starting symbol (S)                                                                                                          2

                                                                             Length (L)                                                                                                                   12

                                                                             PDSCH aggregation factor                                                                                                     1

                                                                             PRB bundling type                                                                                                            Static

                                                                             PRB bundling size                                                                                                            2

                                                                             Resource allocation type                                                                                                     Type 0

                                                                             RBG size                                                                                                                     Config2

                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                                                                                      Non-interleaved

                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                                                                                   N/A

  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                   DMRS Type                                                                                                                    Type 1

                                                                             Number of additional DMRS                                                                                                    2

                                                                             Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS                                                                      1

  CSI-RS for tracking                                                        CSI-RS periodicity                                        Slots                                                              20 for CSI-RS resource 1,2,3,4.

                                                                             CSI-RS offset                                             Slots                                                              1 for CSI-RS resource 1 and 22 for CSI-RS resource 3 and 4.

                                                                             Frequency Occupation                                                                                                         Start PRB 0\
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Number of PRB = 52

  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                             8                                                                  

  The number of slots between PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             Specific to each TDD UL-DL pattern and as defined in Annex A.1.2   
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table 5.2.3.2.9.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.2-10.4 TDD   40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   11.7

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\] clause
5.2.3.2.9.

###### 5.2.3.2.9\_1 4Rx TDD FR1 HST-SFN performance - 2x4 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.2.9\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-90 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance under 4 receive antenna conditions in
the HST-SFN scenario defined in B.3.2 when *highSpeedDemodFlag-r16* IE
\[20\] is configured and with different channel models, MCSs and number
of MIMO layers for a specified downlink Reference Measurement Channel
(RMC) to achieve a certain throughput and as well verify the HARQ soft
combining with default baseline receiver configuration, for Rank 2
scenarios.

##### 5.2.3.2.9\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-90 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward
supporting enhanced demodulation processing for HST-SFN joint
transmission scheme.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC supporting enhanced demodulation processing for HST-SFN
joint transmission scheme.

##### 5.2.3.2.9\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-90 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.9\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-82 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.4
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.5 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.3.2.9.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.2.9\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.2.9\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-82 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.3.2.9\_1.4-1. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.3.2.9\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Tables 5.2.3.2.9\_1.4-1
as appropriate.

##### 5.2.3.2.9\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-80 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.3.2.9\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-64 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.2.9\_1.3.3\_1-1: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                                    
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ----------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment           Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                             
  prb-BundlingType CHOICE {                                                               
  staticBundling SEQUENCE {                                                               
  bundleSize                                             Not present    n2 for test 1-1   
  }                                                                                       
  }                                                                                       
  }                                                                                       

Table 5.2.3.2.9\_1.3.3\_1-2: DMRS-DownlinkConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-24                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- -------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment        Condition
  DMRS-DownlinkConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                   
  dmrs-AdditionalPosition                                pos2           for test 1-1   
  }                                                                                    

Table 5.2.3.2.9\_1.3.3\_1-3: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-25                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- -------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment        Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                               
  nrofHARQ-ProcessesForPDSCH                             n8             for test 1-1   
  }                                                                                    

Table 5.2.3.2.9\_1.3.3\_1-4: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Tracking

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-9 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CS              |                 |                 |           |
| I-ResourcePerio |                 |                 |           |
| dicityAndOffset |                 |                 |           |
| ::= CHOICE {    |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Slots20         | 1 for CSI-RS    | For test 1-1:   |           |
|                 | resource \#1    |                 |           |
|                 | and \#2         | offset = 1 for  |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | 2 for CSI-RS    | 1 and 2         |           |
|                 | resource \#3    |                 |           |
|                 | and \#4         | offset =2 for   |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 |                 | 3 and 4.        |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

##### 5.2.3.2.9\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-58 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.2.9\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.3.2.9\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-84 .H6}

Tables 5.2.3.2.9\_1.4-1 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.2.9\_1.4-1 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.2.9\_1.4-1: Test Requirements for Rank 2

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   TDD UL-DL pattern   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.2-10.4 TDD   40 / 30                                      16QAM, 0.48                       FR1.30-1            HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   12.3

##### 5.2.3.2.10 4Rx TDD FR1 HST DPS performance

##### 5.2.3.2.10.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-75 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.10.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.2.10.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.10.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.2.10.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                          Test index
  ---------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify UE performance in the HST-DPS scenario defined in B.3.3   1-1, 1-2

Table 5.2.3.2.10.0-2: Test parameters

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Parameter   | Unit        | Value       |             |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| Duplex mode |             | TDD         |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Active DL   |             | 1           |             |             |
| BWP index   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDCCH       | TCI state   |             | Note 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH       | Mapping     |             | Type A      |             |
| co          | type        |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | k0          |             | 0           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Starting    |             | 2           |             |
|             | symbol (S)  |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Length (L)  |             | Specific to |             |
|             |             |             | each        |             |
|             |             |             | Reference   |             |
|             |             |             | channel     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PDSCH       |             | 1           |             |
|             | aggregation |             |             |             |
|             | factor      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | Static      |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | 2           |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | size        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    |             | Type 0      |             |
|             | allocation  |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | RBG size    |             | Config2     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | Non-        |             |
|             | mapping     |             | interleaved |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | N/A         |             |
|             | mapping     |             |             |             |
|             | interleaver |             |             |             |
|             | bundle size |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | TCI state   |             | Note 1      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH DMRS  | DMRS Type   |             | Type 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 2           |             |
|             | additional  |             |             |             |
|             | DMRS        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Maximum     |             | 1           |             |
|             | number of   |             |             |             |
|             | OFDM        |             |             |             |
|             | symbols for |             |             |             |
|             | DL front    |             |             |             |
|             | loaded DMRS |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CSI-RS for  | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l0 = 5 for  |
| tracking    | set \#1     | symbol in   |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 1  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 3       |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             |             | l0 = 9 for  |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 2  |
|             |             |             |             | and 4       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 1,2,3,4     |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | and 2       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 3  |
|             |             |             |             | and 4       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#2         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | Frequency   |             | Start PRB 0 |
|             |             | Occupation  |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             |             | Number of   |
|             |             |             |             | PRB = 52    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 6    |
|             | set \#2     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 5  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 7       |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 10   |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 6  |
|             |             |             |             | and 8       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 5,6,7,8.    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 5  |
|             |             |             |             | and 6       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 7  |
|             |             |             |             | and 8       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#3         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | Frequency   |             | Start PRB 0 |
|             |             | Occupation  |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             |             | Number of   |
|             |             |             |             | PRB = 52    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NZP CSI-RS  | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l0 = 12     |
| for CSI     | set \#3     | symbol in   |             |             |
| acquisition |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 40          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#0         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l0 = 13     |
|             | set \#4     | symbol in   |             |             |
|             |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 40          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#1         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#0         | information | resource    |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#1\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#1         | information | resource    |             | resource 5  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#2\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#0     |
| \#2         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#1     |
| \#3         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Number of   |             | 8           |             |             |
| HARQ        |             |             |             |             |
| Processes   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| The number  |             | Specific to |             |             |
| of slots    |             | each TDD    |             |             |
| between     |             | UL-DL       |             |             |
| PDSCH and   |             | pattern and |             |             |
| co          |             | as defined  |             |             |
| rresponding |             | in Annex    |             |             |
| HARQ-ACK    |             | A.1.2       |             |             |
| information |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Note 1: SSB |             |             |             |             |
| \# (k mod   |             |             |             |             |
| 2) , CSI-RS |             |             |             |             |
| (for        |             |             |             |             |
| tracking)   |             |             |             |             |
| resource    |             |             |             |             |
| set \# ((k  |             |             |             |             |
| mod 2) + 1) |             |             |             |             |
| and CSI-RS  |             |             |             |             |
| (for CSI    |             |             |             |             |
| a           |             |             |             |             |
| cquisition) |             |             |             |             |
| resource    |             |             |             |             |
| set \# ((k  |             |             |             |             |
| mod 2) + 3) |             |             |             |             |
| are         |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| by k^th^    |             |             |             |             |
| RRH.        |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| For Test    |             |             |             |             |
| 1-1, TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| state       |             |             |             |             |
| switching   |             |             |             |             |
| command     |             |             |             |             |
| scheduled   |             |             |             |             |
| by MAC CE   |             |             |             |             |
| with PDSCH  |             |             |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
| - MCS 4,    |             |             |             |             |
| Layer 1,    |             |             |             |             |
| StartRB 32, |             |             |             |             |
| NumOfRB 74  |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| in slot \#i |             |             |             |             |
| that        |             |             |             |             |
| s           |             |             |             |             |
| atisfy$\tex |             |             |             |             |
| t{\ mod}\le |             |             |             |             |
| ft( i,2n \r |             |             |             |             |
| ight) = n$. |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| > PDCCH and |             |             |             |             |
| > PDSCH     |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
|  associated |             |             |             |             |
| > with TCI  |             |             |             |             |
| > \# (k mod |             |             |             |             |
| > 2) is     |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| > by k^th^  |             |             |             |             |
| > RRH from. |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| > slot\#    |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| > $ma       |             |             |             |             |
| x\lbrack\le |             |             |             |             |
| ft( 2k - 1  |             |             |             |             |
| \right)n +  |             |             |             |             |
| 1 + T_{\tex |             |             |             |             |
| t{HARQ}} +  |             |             |             |             |
| T_{\text{MA |             |             |             |             |
| C\ proc}} + |             |             |             |             |
|  T_{\text{f |             |             |             |             |
| irstTRS}} + |             |             |             |             |
|  T_{\text{T |             |             |             |             |
| RS\ proc}}, |             |             |             |             |
| \ 0\rbrack$ |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| to          |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| > slot\#    |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| > $\lef     |             |             |             |             |
| t( 2k + 1 \ |             |             |             |             |
| right)n\ $, |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH are   |             |             |             |             |
| DTXed in    |             |             |             |             |
| other slots |             |             |             |             |
| in which    |             |             |             |             |
| throughput  |             |             |             |             |
| statistics  |             |             |             |             |
| are not     |             |             |             |             |
| considered. |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| For Test    |             |             |             |             |
| 1-2, TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| state       |             |             |             |             |
| switching   |             |             |             |             |
| command     |             |             |             |             |
| scheduled   |             |             |             |             |
| by MAC CE   |             |             |             |             |
| with PDSCH  |             |             |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
| - MCS 4,    |             |             |             |             |
| Layer 1,    |             |             |             |             |
| StartRB 32, |             |             |             |             |
| NumOfRB 74  |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| in slot \#i |             |             |             |             |
| that        |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| > S         |             |             |             |             |
| atisfy$\tex |             |             |             |             |
| t{\ mod}\le |             |             |             |             |
| ft( i,2n \r |             |             |             |             |
| ight) = n$. |             |             |             |             |
| > PDCCH and |             |             |             |             |
| > PDSCH     |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
|  associated |             |             |             |             |
| > with TCI  |             |             |             |             |
| > \# (k mod |             |             |             |             |
| > 2) is     |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| > by k^th^  |             |             |             |             |
| > RRH from  |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| > slot\#    |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| > $m        |             |             |             |             |
| ax\lbrack\l |             |             |             |             |
| eft( 2k - 1 |             |             |             |             |
|  \right)n + |             |             |             |             |
|  1 + T_{\te |             |             |             |             |
| xt{HARQ}} + |             |             |             |             |
|  T_{\text{M |             |             |             |             |
| AC\ proc}}, |             |             |             |             |
| \ 0\rbrack$ |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| to          |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| > slot\#    |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| > $\le      |             |             |             |             |
| ft( 2k + 1  |             |             |             |             |
| \right)n\ $ |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH are   |             |             |             |             |
| DTXed in    |             |             |             |             |
| other slots |             |             |             |             |
| in which    |             |             |             |             |
| throughput  |             |             |             |             |
| statistics  |             |             |             |             |
| are not     |             |             |             |             |
| considered. |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| > Where     |             |             |             |             |
| > k=0, 1,   |             |             |             |             |
| > 2... is   |             |             |             |             |
| > the RRH   |             |             |             |             |
| > number, n |             |             |             |             |
| > = 5040 is |             |             |             |             |
| > half of   |             |             |             |             |
| > the       |             |             |             |             |
| > number of |             |             |             |             |
| > slots     |             |             |             |             |
| > between   |             |             |             |             |
| > two RRH,  |             |             |             |             |
| > $T_{\t    |             |             |             |             |
| ext{HARQ}}$ |             |             |             |             |
| > = 8       |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| > Is the    |             |             |             |             |
| > number of |             |             |             |             |
| > slots     |             |             |             |             |
| > between   |             |             |             |             |
| > PDSCH and |             |             |             |             |
| > co        |             |             |             |             |
| rresponding |             |             |             |             |
| > HARQ-ACK  |             |             |             |             |
| > i         |             |             |             |             |
| nformation, |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| $T_{\text{M |             |             |             |             |
| AC\ proc}}$ |             |             |             |             |
| > = 6 is    |             |             |             |             |
| > the       |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| > number of |             |             |             |             |
| > slots for |             |             |             |             |
| > MAC CE    |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| processing, |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
|  $T_{\text{ |             |             |             |             |
| firstTRS}}$ |             |             |             |             |
| > = 7 is    |             |             |             |             |
| > the       |             |             |             |             |
| > number of |             |             |             |             |
| > slots to  |             |             |             |             |
| > first TRS |             |             |             |             |
| > t         |             |             |             |             |
| ransmission |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| > occasion  |             |             |             |             |
| > after MAC |             |             |             |             |
| > CE        |             |             |             |             |
| > command   |             |             |             |             |
| > is        |             |             |             |             |
| > decoded   |             |             |             |             |
| > by the    |             |             |             |             |
| > UE,       |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| $T_{\text{T |             |             |             |             |
| RS\ proc}}$ |             |             |             |             |
| > = 4 is    |             |             |             |             |
| > the       |             |             |             |             |
| > number of |             |             |             |             |
| > slots for |             |             |             |             |
| > TRS       |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| >           |             |             |             |             |
| processing. |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Table 5.2.3.2.10.0-3: Minimum performance for HST-DPS

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Number of active PDSCH TCI states   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ----------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.2-10.5 TDD   40 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.2
  1-2         R.PDSCH.2-10.5 TDD   40 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.2

###### 5.2.3.2.10\_1 4Rx TDD FR1 HST DPS performance - 2x4 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.2.10\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-91 .H6}

To verify UE performance in the HST-DPS scenario defined in B.3.3 and
with different channel models, MCSs and number of MIMO layers for a
specified downlink Reference Measurement Channel (RMC) to achieve a
certain throughput and as well verify the HARQ soft combining with
default baseline receiver configuration, for Rank 2 scenarios.

##### 5.2.3.2.10\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-91 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward.

Test 1-1 also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC.

Test 1-2 applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward supporting
*maxNumberActiveTCI-PerBWP other than n1 and
maxSimultaneousResourceSetsPerCC* atleast 2.

Test 1-2 also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC and supporting *maxNumberActiveTCI-PerBWP other than n1
and maxSimultaneousResourceSetsPerCC atleast 2*.

##### 5.2.3.2.10\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-91 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.10\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-83 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.4
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.5 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.3.2.10.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.2.10\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.2.10\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-83 .H6}

Test 1-1:

1\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.3.2.10\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

2\. SS is configured to transmit SSB and CSI-RS continuously and
schedule PDSCH and PDCCH transmission according to Note 1 in table
5.2.3.2.10.0-2. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI
to transmit the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.3.2.10\_1.4-1. The SS
sends downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

Note: All TCI states are known to the UE through configuration inside
RrcReconfiguration. There is no need to configure additional L1-RSRP
measurements.

3\. Send MAC CE command "TCI State Indication for UE-specific PDCCH"
according to the timing described in Note 1 of table 5.2.3.2.10.0-2 to
switch from active TCI state 0 to 1 for PDCCH and vice versa
periodically. PDSCH is automatically associated with TCI state 0 or 1 as
tci-PresentInDCI is not present. TCI states 3 and 4 for SSBs are
automatically activated through relation of QCL-Info in NZP CSI-RS.

4\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

Test 1-2:

1\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.3.2.10\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

2\. SS activates TCI state 0 and TCI 1 for PDSCH at the same time via
MAC CE command "TCI States Activation/Deactivation for UE-specific
PDSCH".

3\. SS is configured to transmit SSB and CSI-RS continuously and
schedule PDSCH and PDCCH transmission according to Note 1 in table
5.2.3.2.10.0-2. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI
to transmit the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.3.2.10\_1.4-1. The SS
sends downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

Note: All TCI states are known to the UE through configuration inside
RrcReconfiguration. There is no need to configure additional L1-RSRP
measurements.

4\. Send MAC CE command "TCI State Indication for UE-specific PDCCH"
according to the timing described in Note 1 of table 5.2.3.2.10.0-2 to
switch from active TCI state 0 to 1 for PDCCH and vice versa
periodically. PDSCH is automatically associated with TCI state 0 or 1 as
tci-PresentInDCI is not present. TCI states 3 and 4 for SSBs are
automatically activated through relation of QCL-Info in NZP CSI-RS.

5\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.3.2.10\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-81 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.3.2.10\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-65 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-1: DMRS-DownlinkConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-24                                      
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment             Condition
  DMRS-DownlinkConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                        
  dmrs-AdditionalPosition                                pos2           for test 1-1, 1-2   
  }                                                                                         

Table 5.2.3.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-2: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-25                                      
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment             Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                    
  nrofHARQ-ProcessesForPDSCH                             n8             for test 1-1, 1-2   
  }                                                                                         

Table 5.2.3.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-3: NZP-CSI-RS-Resource for TRS

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-8 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| NZP-            |                 |                 |           |
| CSI-RS-Resource |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| nzp-CS          | i-1 for CSI-RS  | for test 1-1,   |           |
| I-RS-ResourceId | resource \#i,   | 1-2             |           |
|                 | i=              |                 |           |
|                 | 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| qcl-Inf         | 2 for CSI-RS    | for test 1-1,   |           |
| oPeriodicCSI-RS | resource \#1,   | 1-2:            |           |
|                 | \#2, \#3, \#4   |                 |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-StateId for |           |
|                 | 3 for CSI-RS    | TCI-State \#2   |           |
|                 | resource \#5,   | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 | \#6, \#7, \#8   | resource \#1,   |           |
|                 |                 | \#2, \#3, \#4   |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-StateId for |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-State \#3   |           |
|                 |                 | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#5,   |           |
|                 |                 | \#6, \#7, \#8   |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.3.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-4: CSI-RS-ResourceMapping for TRS (Table
5.2.3.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-3)

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-9 |                 |                 |           |
| with condition  |                 |                 |           |
| TRS             |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CSI-RS-         |                 |                 |           |
| ResourceMapping |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| firstOFDMSym    | 5 for CSI-RS    | for test 1-1,   |           |
| bolInTimeDomain | resource \#1    | 1-2:            |           |
|                 | and \#3         |                 |           |
|                 |                 | l~0~ = 5 for    |           |
|                 | 9 for CSI-RS    | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | resource \#2    | 1 and 3         |           |
|                 | and \#4         |                 |           |
|                 |                 | l~0~ = 9 for    |           |
|                 | 6 for CSI-RS    | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | resource \#5    | 2 and 4         |           |
|                 | and \#7         |                 |           |
|                 |                 | l~0~ = 6 for    |           |
|                 | 10 for CSI-RS   | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | resource \#6    | 5 and 7         |           |
|                 | and \#8         |                 |           |
|                 |                 | l~0~ = 10 for   |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 |                 | 6 and 8         |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.3.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-5: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for TRS
(Table 5.2.3.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-3)

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table           |                 |                 |           |
| 5.4.2.0-10      |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CS              |                 |                 |           |
| I-ResourcePerio |                 |                 |           |
| dicityAndOffset |                 |                 |           |
| ::= CHOICE {    |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Slots20         | 1 for CSI-RS    | For test 1-1,   |           |
|                 | resource \#1,   | 1-2:            |           |
|                 | \#2, \#5, \#6   |                 |           |
|                 |                 | periodicity:    |           |
|                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |                 |           |
|                 | resource \#3    | 10 slots.       |           |
|                 | \#4, \#7, \#8   |                 |           |
|                 |                 | offset:         |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 1 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 2\              |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 3 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 4               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 5 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 6\              |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 7 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 8               |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.3.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-6: NZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet for TRS

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 5.4.2.0-12     |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-       |                |                |                |
| RS-ResourceSet |                |                |                |
| ::= SEQUENCE { |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp\_CSI\      | 0 for Resource | For test 1-1,  |                |
| _ResourceSetId | set \#1        | 1-2            |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 1 for Resource |                |                |
|                | set \#2        |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 4 entries      | For test 1-1,  | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                | 1-2            | \#1            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 0              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#1   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 1              | entry 2        |                |
| esourceId\[2\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#2   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 2              | entry 3        |                |
| esourceId\[3\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#3   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 3              | entry 4        |                |
| esourceId\[4\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#4   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 4 entries      | For test 1-1,  | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                | 1-2            | \#2            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 4              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#5   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 5              | entry 2        |                |
| esourceId\[2\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#6   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 6              | entry 3        |                |
| esourceId\[3\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#7   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 7              | entry 4        |                |
| esourceId\[4\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#8   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.3.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-7: NZP-CSI-RS-Resource for CSI Acquisition

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table           |                 |                 |           |
| 5.4.2.0-14      |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| NZP-            |                 |                 |           |
| CSI-RS-Resource |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| nzp-CS          | 8 for CSI-RS    | for test 1-1,   |           |
| I-RS-ResourceId | resource \#9    | 1-2             |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 9 for CSI-RS    |                 |           |
|                 | resource \#10   |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| qcl-Inf         | 0 for CSI-RS    | for test 1-1,   |           |
| oPeriodicCSI-RS | resource \#9    | 1-2:            |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 1 for CSI-RS    | TCI-State \#0   |           |
|                 | resource \#10   | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#9    |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-State \#1   |           |
|                 |                 | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#10   |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.3.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-8: CSI-RS-ResourceMapping for CSI Acquisition
(Table 5.2.3.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-7)

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table           |                 |                 |           |
| 5.4.2.0-15      |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CSI-RS-         |                 |                 |           |
| ResourceMapping |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| firstOFDMSym    | 12 for CSI-RS   | for test 1-1,   |           |
| bolInTimeDomain | resource \#9    | 1-2             |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 13 for CSI-RS   | l~0~=12 for     |           |
|                 | resource \#10   | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 |                 | \#9             |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | l~0~=13 for     |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 |                 | \#10            |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.3.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-9: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Acquisition (Table 5.2.3.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-7)

+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| Derivation Path:  |              |                   |           |
| TS 38.508-1       |              |                   |           |
| \[6\], Table      |              |                   |           |
| 5.4.2.0-16        |              |                   |           |
+===================+==============+===================+===========+
| Information       | Value/remark | Comment           | Condition |
| Element           |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| CSI-ResourcePer   |              |                   |           |
| iodicityAndOffset |              |                   |           |
| ::= CHOICE {      |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| slots40           | 0            | For test 1-1,     |           |
|                   |              | 1-2:              |           |
|                   |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | periodicity = 40  |           |
|                   |              | slots.            |           |
|                   |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | offset = 0 slots  |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| }                 |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.3.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-10: NZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet for CSI
Acquisition

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 5.4.2.0-18     |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-       |                |                |                |
| RS-ResourceSet |                |                |                |
| ::= SEQUENCE { |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp\_CSI\      | 2 for Resource | For test 1-1,  |                |
| _ResourceSetId | set \#3        | 1-2            |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 3 for Resource |                |                |
|                | set \#4        |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 1 entry        | For test 1-1,  | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                | 1-2            | \#3            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 8              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#9   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 1 entry        | For test 1-1,  | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                | 1-2            | \#4            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 9              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#10  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.3.2.10\_1.3.3\_1-11: TCI-State

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 4.6.3-190      |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| TCI-State ::=  |                |                |                |
| SEQUENCE {     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| tci-StateId    | 0 for TCI      | For test 1-1,  |                |
|                | state \#0      | 1-2            |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 1 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#1      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 2 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#2      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 3 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#3      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| qcl-Type1      |                |                |                |
| SEQUENCE {     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| bwp-Id         | BWP-Id of      |                | TCI state \#0, |
|                | active BWP     |                | TCI state \#1  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Not present    |                | TCI state \#2, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#3  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| r              |                |                |                |
| eferenceSignal |                |                |                |
| CHOICE {       |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| csi-rs         | 0              | CSI-RS         | TCI state \#0  |
|                |                | resource \#1   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 4              | CSI-RS         | TCI state \#1  |
|                |                | resource \#5   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| ssb            | 0              | SSB \#0        | TCI state \#2  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 1              | SSB \#1        | TCI state \#3  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| qcl-Type       | typeA          |                | TCI state \#0, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#1  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | typeC          |                | TCI state \#2, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#3  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

##### 5.2.3.2.10\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-59 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.2.10\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.3.2.10\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-85 .H6}

Tables 5.2.3.2.10\_1.4-1 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.2.10\_1.4-1 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.2.10\_1.4-1: Test Requirements for HST-DPS

  Test num.   Reference channel    Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Number of active PDSCH TCI states   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------- -------------------- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ----------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  1-1         R.PDSCH.2-10.5 TDD   40 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.8
  1-2         R.PDSCH.2-10.5 TDD   40 / 30                                      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.8

##### 5.2.3.2.11 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH Single-DCI based SDM scheme performance

##### 5.2.3.2.11.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-76 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.11.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.2.11.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.11.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.2.11.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                            Test index
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the PDSCH performance with Single-DCI based SDM scheme under 4 receive antenna conditions   1-1,1-2

Table 5.2.3.2.11.0-2: Test parameters

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        | Unit     | Value    |          |          |          |
| arameter |          |          |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          | TRxP     | TRxP     |          |          |
|          |          | \#1(Note | \#2(Note |          |          |
|          |          | 1)       | 1)       |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Transmit |          | TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |
| TRxP of  |          |          |          |          |          |
| SSB      |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDCCH    | TCI      |          | TCI      |          |          |
| confi    | state    |          | State    |          |          |
| guration |          |          | \#1      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CORESETP |          | 0        |          |          |
|          | oolIndex |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CSI-RS   | First    |          | k0=0 for | k0=1 for |          |
| for      | su       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
| tracking | bcarrier |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | index in |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | the PRB  |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | used for |          |          |          |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | First    |          | l0 = 6   | l0 = 6   |          |
|          | OFDM     |          | for      | for      |          |
|          | symbol   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | in the   |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | PRB used |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | for      |          | 1 and 3  | 5 and 7  |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | l0 = 10  | l0 = 10  |          |
|          |          |          | for      | for      |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 2 and 4  | 6 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1 for    | 1 for    |          |
|          | of       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          | resource | resource |          |
|          | ports    |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | (X)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CDM Type |          | 'No CDM' |          |          |
|          |          |          | for      |          |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   |          |          |
|          |          |          | resource |          |          |
|          |          |          | 1,2,3,4  |          |          |
|          |          |          | ,5,6,7,8 |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Density  |          | 3        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 40       |          |          |
|          | per      |          |          |          |          |
|          | iodicity |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 20 for   | 20 for   |          |
|          | offset   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 1 and 2  | 5 and 6  |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | 21 for   | 21 for   |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 3 and 4  | 7 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | QCL info |          | TCI      |          |          |
|          |          |          | state    |          |          |
|          |          |          | \#0      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Duplex   |          | TDD      |          |          |          |
| mode     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Active   |          | 1        |          |          |          |
| DL BWP   |          |          |          |          |          |
| index    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Mapping  |          | Type A   |          |          |
| confi    | type     |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | k0       |          | 0        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Starting |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | symbol   |          |          |          |          |
|          | (S)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Length   |          | 12       |          |          |
|          | (L)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | Static   |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Resource |          | Type 1   |          |          |
|          | al       |          |          |          |          |
|          | location |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RBG size |          | Config2  |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | Non-int  |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          | erleaved |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | N/A      |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          |          |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | int      |          |          |          |          |
|          | erleaver |          |          |          |          |
|          | bundle   |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Antenna  |          | 1000     | 1002     |          |
| DMRS     | port     |          |          |          |          |
| confi    | indexes  |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | TCI      |          | TCI      | TCI      |          |
|          | state    |          | State    | State    |          |
|          |          |          | \#1      | \#2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | DMRS     |          | Type 1   |          |          |
|          | Type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | of       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ad       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ditional |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Maximum  |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | number   |          |          |          |          |
|          | of OFDM  |          |          |          |          |
|          | symbols  |          |          |          |          |
|          | for DL   |          |          |          |          |
|          | front    |          |          |          |          |
|          | loaded   |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | CSI-RS   | N/A      |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          | resource |          |
| \#1      | inf      |          |          | 1 from   |          |
|          | ormation |          |          | \'CSI-RS |          |
|          |          |          |          | for      |          |
|          |          |          |          | t        |          |
|          |          |          |          | racking' |          |
|          |          |          |          | confi    |          |
|          |          |          |          | guration |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | Type A   | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | CSI-RS   |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          |          | resource |
| \#2      | inf      |          |          |          | 5 from   |
|          | ormation |          |          |          | \'CSI-RS |
|          |          |          |          |          | for      |
|          |          |          |          |          | t        |
|          |          |          |          |          | racking' |
|          |          |          |          |          | confi    |
|          |          |          |          |          | guration |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | Type A   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Resource |          | Full-ove |          |          |          |
| al       |          | rlapping |          |          |          |
| location |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Timing   | us       | -0.25    |          |          |          |
| offset   |          | for test |          |          |          |
| of the   |          | 1-1      |          |          |          |
| second   |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          | 1 for    |          |          |          |
| from the |          | test 1-2 |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F        | Hz       | 300 for  |          |          |          |
| requency |          | test 1-1 |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          | 0 for    |          |          |          |
| second   |          | test 1-2 |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Number   |          | 8        |          |          |          |
| of HARQ  |          |          |          |          |          |
| P        |          |          |          |          |          |
| rocesses |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| The      |          | Specific |          |          |          |
| number   |          | to each  |          |          |          |
| of slots |          | TDD      |          |          |          |
| between  |          | UL-DL    |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          | pattern  |          |          |          |
| and      |          | and as   |          |          |          |
| corre    |          | defined  |          |          |          |
| sponding |          | in Annex |          |          |          |
| HARQ-ACK |          | A.1.2    |          |          |          |
| inf      |          |          |          |          |          |
| ormation |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        |          | SP Type  |          |          |          |
| recoding |          | I,       |          |          |          |
| confi    |          | ind      |          |          |          |
| guration |          | ependent |          |          |          |
|          |          | p        |          |          |          |
|          |          | recoding |          |          |          |
|          |          | ge       |          |          |          |
|          |          | neration |          |          |          |
|          |          | is       |          |          |          |
|          |          | applied  |          |          |          |
|          |          | for both |          |          |          |
|          |          | TRxPs,   |          |          |          |
|          |          | random   |          |          |          |
|          |          | per slot |          |          |          |
|          |          | with PRB |          |          |          |
|          |          | bundling |          |          |          |
|          |          | gra      |          |          |          |
|          |          | nularity |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |          |          |          |          |
| tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smission |          |          |          |          |          |
| is done  |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| both     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxPs    |          |          |          |          |          |
| (PDSCH   |          |          |          |          |          |
| Layer 0  |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| tra      |          |          |          |          |          |
| nsmitted |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |          |          |
| and      |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |          |          |          |          |
| layer 1  |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| tra      |          |          |          |          |          |
| nsmitted |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| \#2)     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.2.3.2.11.0-3: Minimum performance

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | (Note | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | 1)    | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (Note |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 2)    |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    | (Note |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    | 3)    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 40 /  | 6     | FR1   | TDLA  | 2x4,  | 70    | 14.5  |
|       | DSCH. | 30    | 4QAM, | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 2-3.2 |       | 0.50  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-2   | R.P   | 40 /  | 6     | FR1   | TDLA  | 2x4,  | 70    | 13.9  |
|       | DSCH. | 30    | 4QAM, | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 2-3.2 |       | 0.50  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| i     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ndepe |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ndent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orres |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ponds |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4.4.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sc    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aling |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| f     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| actor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1/sq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rt(2) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ransm |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| itted |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ignal |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| from  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.2.11.

###### 5.2.3.2.11\_1 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH Single-DCI based SDM scheme performance - 2x4 MIMO for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.2.11\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-92 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance with Single-DCI based SDM scheme under 4
receive antenna conditions.

##### 5.2.3.2.11\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-92 .H6}

Test applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE *singleDCI-SDM-scheme-r16*.

##### 5.2.3.2.11\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-92 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.11\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-84 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.4
for TE diagram and section A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2.3.2.11.0-2 and Table 5.2.3.2.11.0-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On*,* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.2.11\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.2.11\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-84 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.2.11\_1.3.4-1. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.3.2.11\_1.3.4-1.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Table
5.2.3.2.11\_1.3.4-1 as appropriate.

##### 5.2.3.2.11\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-82 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.11\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-66 .H6}

As defined in clause 5.4.2 of TS 38.508-1 \[6\] with the following
exceptions:

Table 5.2.3.2.11\_1.3.3\_1-1: Physical layer parameters for DCI format
1\_1

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.3.6.1.2.2-1                                         
  --------------------------------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------- -----------
  Parameter                                                 Value               Value in binary   Condition
  Antenna port(s)                                           DMRS port 0 and 2   "1011"            
  Transmission configuration indication                     TCI state 1 and 2   "000"             

Table 5.2.3.2.11\_1.3.3\_1-2: *CellGroupConfig*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-19                             
  ---------------------------------------------------- --------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark    Comment   Condition
  CellGroupConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                 
  simultaneousTCI-UpdateList1-r16 SEQUENCE {                                     
  ServCellIndex \[1\]                                  ServCellIndex             
  }                                                                              
  }                                                                              

Table 5.2.3.2.11\_1.3.3\_1-3: *ControlResourceSet*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-28                            
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  ControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                             
  tci-PresentInDCI                                     enabled                  
  }                                                                             

Table 5.2.3.2.11\_1.3.3\_1-4: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-100                                                                               
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ---------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                            Value/remark                             Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                       
  tci-StatesToAddModList SEQUENCE(SIZE (1.. maxNrofTCI-States)) OF TCI-State {   2 entries                                          
  TCI-State\[1\]                                                                 *TCI-State* with condition TCI-state-0             
  TCI-State\[2\]                                                                 *TCI-State* with condition TCI-state-1             
  TCI-State\[3\]                                                                 *TCI-State* with condition TCI-state-2             
  }                                                                                                                                 
  rbg-Size                                                                       config2                                            
  prb-BundlingType CHOICE {                                                                                                         
  staticBundling SEQUENCE {                                                                                                         
  bundleSize                                                                     Not present                                        
  }                                                                                                                                 
  }                                                                                                                                 
  }                                                                                                                                 

Table 5.2.3.2.11\_1.3.3\_1-5: *TCI-State*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-190                            
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -------------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  TCI-State ::= SEQUENCE {                                                       
  tci-StateId                                           0                        TCI-state-0
                                                        1                        TCI-state-1
                                                        2                        TCI-state-2
  qcl-Type1 SEQUENCE {                                                           
  cell                                                  Not present              
  bwp-Id                                                Not present              
  referenceSignal CHOICE {                                                       
  ssb                                                   SSB-Index                TCI-state-0
  csi-rs                                                1                        TCI-state-1
                                                        5                        TCI-state-2
  }                                                                              
  qcl-Type                                              typeA                    
  }                                                                              
  qcl-Type2                                             Not present              
  }                                                                              

Table 5.2.3.2.11\_1.3.3\_1-6: *NZP-CSI-RS-Resource*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-85                                                    
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment                           Condition
  NZP-CSI-RS-Resource ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                    
  resourceMapping SEQUENCE {                                                                            
  frequencyDomainAllocation CHOICE {                                                                    
  row1                                                 0000           For CSI-RS resources 1, 2, 3, 4   
                                                       0001           For CSI-RS resources 5,6,7,8      
  }                                                                                                     
  nrofPorts                                            p1                                               
  firstOFDMSymbolInTimeDomain                          6              For CSI-RS resources 1,3,5,7      
                                                       10             For CSI-RS resources 2,4,6,8      
  cdm-Type                                             noCDM                                            
  density CHOICE {                                                                                      
  three                                                NULL                                             
  }                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                     
  periodicityAndOffset CHOICE {                                                                         
  slots40                                              20             For CSI-RS resources 1,2,5,6      
  slots40                                              21             For CSI-RS resources 3,4,7,8      
  }                                                                                                     
  qcl-InfoPeriodicCSI-RS                               0                                                
  }                                                                                                     

##### 5.2.3.2.11\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-60 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.2.11\_1.3.3\_1.

##### 5.2.3.2.11\_1.3.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-86 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.2.11.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.2.11\_1.3.4-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.2.11\_1.3.4-1: Test requirement

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | (Note | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | 1)    | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (Note |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 2)    |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    | (Note |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    | 3)    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 40 /  | 6     | FR1   | TDLA  | 2x4,  | 70    | 15.5  |
|       | DSCH. | 30    | 4QAM, | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 2-3.2 |       | 0.50  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-27  | R.P   | 40 /  | 6     | FR1   | TDLA  | 2x4,  | 70    | 14.9  |
|       | DSCH. | 30    | 4QAM, | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 2-3.2 |       | 0.50  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| i     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ndepe |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ndent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orres |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ponds |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4.4.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sc    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aling |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| f     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| actor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1/sq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rt(2) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ransm |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| itted |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ignal |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| from  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.3.2.12 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH Multi-DCI based transmission scheme performance

##### 5.2.3.2.12.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-77 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.12.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.2.12.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.12.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.2.12.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                                                    Test index
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the PDSCH performance when UE is configured two different values of CORESETPoolIndex in ControlResourceSet and when UE receives multiple PDCCHs scheduling PDSCHs   1-1

Table 5.2.3.2.12.0-2: Test parameters

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        | Unit     | Value    |          |          |          |
| arameter |          |          |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          | TRxP     | TRxP     |          |          |
|          |          | \#1(Note | \#2(Note |          |          |
|          |          | 1)       | 1)       |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Transmit |          | TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |
| TRxP of  |          |          |          |          |          |
| SSB      |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDCCH    | TCI      |          | TCI      | TCI      |          |
| confi    | state    |          | State    | State    |          |
| guration |          |          | \#1      | \#2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CORESETP |          | 0,1      |          |          |
|          | oolIndex |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CSI-RS   | First    |          | k0=0 for | k0=1 for |          |
| for      | su       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
| tracking | bcarrier |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | index in |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | the PRB  |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | used for |          |          |          |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | First    |          | l0 = 6   | l0 = 6   |          |
|          | OFDM     |          | for      | for      |          |
|          | symbol   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | in the   |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | PRB used |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | for      |          | 1 and 3  | 5 and 7  |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | l0 = 10  | l0 = 10  |          |
|          |          |          | for      | for      |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 2 and 4  | 6 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1 for    | 1 for    |          |
|          | of       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          | resource | resource |          |
|          | ports    |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | (X)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CDM Type |          | 'No CDM' |          |          |
|          |          |          | for      |          |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   |          |          |
|          |          |          | resource |          |          |
|          |          |          | 1,2,3,4  |          |          |
|          |          |          | ,5,6,7,8 |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Density  |          | 3        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 40       |          |          |
|          | per      |          |          |          |          |
|          | iodicity |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 20 for   | 20 for   |          |
|          | offset   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 1 and 2  | 5 and 6  |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | 21 for   | 21 for   |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 3 and 4  | 7 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | QCL info |          | TCI      |          |          |
|          |          |          | state    |          |          |
|          |          |          | \#0      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Duplex   |          | TDD      |          |          |          |
| mode     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Active   |          | 1        |          |          |          |
| DL BWP   |          |          |          |          |          |
| index    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Mapping  |          | Type A   |          |          |
| confi    | type     |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | k0       |          | 0        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Starting |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | symbol   |          |          |          |          |
|          | (S)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Length   |          | 12       |          |          |
|          | (L)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | Static   |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Resource |          | Type 1   |          |          |
|          | al       |          |          |          |          |
|          | location |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RBG size |          | Config2  |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | Non-int  |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          | erleaved |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | N/A      |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          |          |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | int      |          |          |          |          |
|          | erleaver |          |          |          |          |
|          | bundle   |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Antenna  |          | {10      | {10      |          |
| DMRS     | port     |          | 00,1001} | 02,1003} |          |
| confi    | indexes  |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | TCI      |          | TCI      | TCI      |          |
|          | state    |          | State    | State    |          |
|          |          |          | \#1      | \#2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | DMRS     |          | Type 1   |          |          |
|          | Type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | of       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ad       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ditional |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Maximum  |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | number   |          |          |          |          |
|          | of OFDM  |          |          |          |          |
|          | symbols  |          |          |          |          |
|          | for DL   |          |          |          |          |
|          | front    |          |          |          |          |
|          | loaded   |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | CSI-RS   | N/A      |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          | resource |          |
| \#1      | inf      |          |          | 1 from   |          |
|          | ormation |          |          | \'CSI-RS |          |
|          |          |          |          | for      |          |
|          |          |          |          | t        |          |
|          |          |          |          | racking' |          |
|          |          |          |          | confi    |          |
|          |          |          |          | guration |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | Type A   | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | CSI-RS   |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          |          | resource |
| \#2      | inf      |          |          |          | 5 from   |
|          | ormation |          |          |          | \'CSI-RS |
|          |          |          |          |          | for      |
|          |          |          |          |          | t        |
|          |          |          |          |          | racking' |
|          |          |          |          |          | confi    |
|          |          |          |          |          | guration |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | Type A   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Resource |          | Non-ove  |          |          |          |
| al       |          | rlapping |          |          |          |
| location |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Timing   | us       | -0.25    |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| second   |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F        | Hz       | 300      |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| second   |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Number   |          | 8        |          |          |          |
| of HARQ  |          |          |          |          |          |
| P        |          |          |          |          |          |
| rocesses |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| The      |          | Specific |          |          |          |
| number   |          | to each  |          |          |          |
| of slots |          | TDD      |          |          |          |
| between  |          | UL-DL    |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          | pattern  |          |          |          |
| and      |          | and as   |          |          |          |
| corre    |          | defined  |          |          |          |
| sponding |          | in Annex |          |          |          |
| HARQ-ACK |          | A.1.2    |          |          |          |
| inf      |          |          |          |          |          |
| ormation |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        |          | SP Type  |          |          |          |
| recoding |          | I,       |          |          |          |
| confi    |          | ind      |          |          |          |
| guration |          | ependent |          |          |          |
|          |          | p        |          |          |          |
|          |          | recoding |          |          |          |
|          |          | ge       |          |          |          |
|          |          | neration |          |          |          |
|          |          | is       |          |          |          |
|          |          | applied  |          |          |          |
|          |          | for both |          |          |          |
|          |          | TRxPs,   |          |          |          |
|          |          | random   |          |          |          |
|          |          | per slot |          |          |          |
|          |          | with PRB |          |          |          |
|          |          | bundling |          |          |          |
|          |          | gra      |          |          |          |
|          |          | nularity |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |          |          |          |          |
| tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smission |          |          |          |          |          |
| is done  |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| both     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxPs.   |          |          |          |          |          |
| Tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smission |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |          |          |
| uses     |          |          |          |          |          |
| CORESETP |          |          |          |          |          |
| oolIndex |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0 and    |          |          |          |          |          |
| tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smission |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP \#2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| uses     |          |          |          |          |          |
| CORESETP |          |          |          |          |          |
| oolIndex |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.2.3.2.12.0-3: Minimum performance

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Test num.</th>
<th>Reference channel</th>
<th>Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)</th>
<th>Modulation format and code rate</th>
<th>TDD UL-DL pattern</th>
<th>Propagation condition(Note 1)</th>
<th>Correlation matrix and antenna configuration(Note 2)</th>
<th>Reference value</th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Fraction of maximum throughput (%)</td>
<td>SNR (dB)(Note 3)</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>TRxP #1</td>
<td>TRxP #2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>1-1</td>
<td>R.PDSCH.2-3.3 TDD</td>
<td>R.PDSCH.2-3.4 TDD</td>
<td>40 / 30</td>
<td>64QAM, 0.50</td>
<td>FR1.30-1</td>
<td>TDLA30-10</td>
<td>2x4, ULA Low</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>14.6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note 1: The propagation conditions apply to each of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 and are statistically independent</p>
<p>Note 2: Correlation matrix and antenna configuration parameters apply to each of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2</p>
<p>Note 3: SNR corresponds to SNR of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 as defined in 4.4.2</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.2.12.

###### 5.2.3.2.12\_1 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH Multiple-DCI based transmission scheme performance - 2x4 MIMO for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.2.12\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-93 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance when UE is configured two different
values of CORESETPoolIndex in ControlResourceSet and when UE receives
multiple PDCCHs scheduling PDSCHs.

##### 5.2.3.2.12\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-93 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE *multiDCI-MultiTRP-r16*.

##### 5.2.3.2.12\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-93 .H6}

Same test description as in clause 5.2.3.1.12\_1.3 with the following
exception:

\- Table 5.2.3.2.12\_1.4-1 instead of 5.2.3.1.12\_1.4-1

\- Table 5.2.3.2.12\_1.3-1 instead of Table 5.2.3.1.12\_1.3.3\_1-8

Table 5.2.3.2.12\_1.3-1: *CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset* for TRS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-10                                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                        Condition
  CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset ::= CHOICE {                                                        
  Slots40                                                20             For CSI-RS resources 1,2,5,6   
  Slots40                                                21             For CSI-RS resources 3,4,7,8   
  }                                                                                                    

##### 5.2.3.2.12\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-87 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.2.12.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.2.12\_1.4-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.2.12\_1.4-1: Test requirement

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Test num.</th>
<th>Reference channel</th>
<th>Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)</th>
<th>Modulation format and code rate</th>
<th>TDD UL-DL pattern</th>
<th>Propagation condition(Note 1)</th>
<th>Correlation matrix and antenna configuration(Note 2)</th>
<th>Reference value</th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Fraction of maximum throughput (%)</td>
<td>SNR (dB)(Note 3)</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>TRxP #1</td>
<td>TRxP #2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>1-1</td>
<td>R.PDSCH.2-3.3 TDD</td>
<td>R.PDSCH.2-3.4 TDD</td>
<td>40 / 30</td>
<td>64QAM, 0.50</td>
<td>FR1.30-1</td>
<td>TDLA30-10</td>
<td>2x4, ULA Low</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>15.6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note 1: The propagation conditions apply to each of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 and are statistically independent</p>
<p>Note 2: Correlation matrix and antenna configuration parameters apply to each of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2</p>
<p>Note 3: SNR corresponds to SNR of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 as defined in 4.4.2</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

##### 5.2.3.2.13 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH Single-DCI based FDM scheme A performance

##### 5.2.3.2.13.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-78 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.13.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.2.13.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.13.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.2.13.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                                                   Test index
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify PDSCH performance under 4 receive antenna conditions when UE is configured with "FDMSchemeA" in "RepetitionScheme-r16" defined in clause 5.1 of TS 38.214 \[12\]   1-1

Table 5.2.3.2.13.0-2: Test parameters

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        | Unit     | Value    |          |          |          |
| arameter |          |          |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          | TRxP     | TRxP     |          |          |
|          |          | \#1(Note | \#2(Note |          |          |
|          |          | 1)       | 1)       |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Transmit |          | TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |
| TRxP of  |          |          |          |          |          |
| SSB      |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDCCH    | TCI      |          | TCI      |          |          |
| confi    | state    |          | State    |          |          |
| guration |          |          | \#1      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CORESETP |          | Not      |          |          |
|          | oolIndex |          | co       |          |          |
|          |          |          | nfigured |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CSI-RS   | First    |          | k0=0 for | k0=1 for |          |
| for      | su       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
| tracking | bcarrier |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | index in |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | the PRB  |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | used for |          |          |          |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | First    |          | l0 = 6   | l0 = 6   |          |
|          | OFDM     |          | for      | for      |          |
|          | symbol   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | in the   |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | PRB used |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | for      |          | 1 and 3  | 5 and 7  |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | l0 = 10  | l0 = 10  |          |
|          |          |          | for      | for      |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 2 and 4  | 6 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1 for    | 1 for    |          |
|          | of       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          | resource | resource |          |
|          | ports    |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | (X)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CDM Type |          | 'No CDM' |          |          |
|          |          |          | for      |          |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   |          |          |
|          |          |          | resource |          |          |
|          |          |          | 1,2,3,4  |          |          |
|          |          |          | ,5,6,7,8 |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Density  |          | 3        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 40       |          |          |
|          | per      |          |          |          |          |
|          | iodicity |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 20 for   | 20 for   |          |
|          | offset   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 1 and 2  | 5 and 6  |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | 21 for   | 21 for   |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 3 and 4  | 7 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | QCL info |          | TCI      |          |          |
|          |          |          | state    |          |          |
|          |          |          | \#0      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Duplex   |          | TDD      |          |          |          |
| mode     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Active   |          | 1        |          |          |          |
| DL BWP   |          |          |          |          |          |
| index    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Mapping  |          | Type A   |          |          |
| confi    | type     |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | k0       |          | 0        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Starting |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | symbol   |          |          |          |          |
|          | (S)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Length   |          | 12       |          |          |
|          | (L)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | Static   |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | Wideband |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Resource |          | Type 0   |          |          |
|          | al       |          |          |          |          |
|          | location |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RBG size |          | Config2  |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | Non-int  |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          | erleaved |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | N/A      |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          |          |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | int      |          |          |          |          |
|          | erleaver |          |          |          |          |
|          | bundle   |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Antenna  |          | 1        | 1        |          |
| DMRS     | port     |          | 000,1001 | 000,1001 |          |
| confi    | indexes  |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | TCI      |          | TCI      | TCI      |          |
|          | state    |          | State    | State    |          |
|          |          |          | \#1      | \#2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | DMRS     |          | Type 1   |          |          |
|          | Type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | of       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ad       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ditional |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Maximum  |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | number   |          |          |          |          |
|          | of OFDM  |          |          |          |          |
|          | symbols  |          |          |          |          |
|          | for DL   |          |          |          |          |
|          | front    |          |          |          |          |
|          | loaded   |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | CSI-RS   | N/A      |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          | resource |          |
| \#1      | inf      |          |          | 1 from   |          |
|          | ormation |          |          | \'CSI-RS |          |
|          |          |          |          | for      |          |
|          |          |          |          | t        |          |
|          |          |          |          | racking' |          |
|          |          |          |          | confi    |          |
|          |          |          |          | guration |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | Type A   | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | CSI-RS   |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          |          | resource |
| \#2      | inf      |          |          |          | 5 from   |
|          | ormation |          |          |          | \'CSI-RS |
|          |          |          |          |          | for      |
|          |          |          |          |          | t        |
|          |          |          |          |          | racking' |
|          |          |          |          |          | confi    |
|          |          |          |          |          | guration |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | Type A   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Timing   | us       | -0.25    |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| second   |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F        | Hz       | 300      |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| second   |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Number   |          | 8        |          |          |          |
| of HARQ  |          |          |          |          |          |
| P        |          |          |          |          |          |
| rocesses |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| The      |          | Specific |          |          |          |
| number   |          | to each  |          |          |          |
| of slots |          | TDD      |          |          |          |
| between  |          | UL-DL    |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          | pattern  |          |          |          |
| and      |          |          |          |          |          |
| corre    |          | and as   |          |          |          |
| sponding |          | defined  |          |          |          |
| HARQ-ACK |          | in Annex |          |          |          |
| inf      |          | A.1.2    |          |          |          |
| ormation |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        |          | SP Type  |          |          |          |
| recoding |          | I,       |          |          |          |
| confi    |          | ind      |          |          |          |
| guration |          | ependent |          |          |          |
|          |          | p        |          |          |          |
|          |          | recoding |          |          |          |
|          |          | ge       |          |          |          |
|          |          | neration |          |          |          |
|          |          | is       |          |          |          |
|          |          | applied  |          |          |          |
|          |          | for both |          |          |          |
|          |          | TRxPs,   |          |          |          |
|          |          | random   |          |          |          |
|          |          | per slot |          |          |          |
|          |          | with PRB |          |          |          |
|          |          | bundling |          |          |          |
|          |          | gra      |          |          |          |
|          |          | nularity |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |          |          |          |          |
| tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smission |          |          |          |          |          |
| is done  |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| both     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxPs    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.2.3.2.13.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 2

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | (Note | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | 1)    | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (Note |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 2)    |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    | (Note |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3)    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 40 /  | 1     | FR1   | TDLA  | 2x4,  | 70    | 10.5  |
|       | DSCH. | 30    | 6QAM, | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 2-2.5 |       | 0.54  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| depen |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dent. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orres |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ponds |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4.4.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.2.13.

###### 5.2.3.2.13\_1 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH Single-DCI based FDM scheme A performance - 2x4 MIMO for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.2.13\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-94 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance under 4 receive antenna conditions when
UE is configured with "FDMSchemeA" in "RepetitionScheme-r16".

##### 5.2.3.2.13\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-94 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE *supportFDM-SchemeA-r16*.

##### 5.2.3.2.13\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-94 .H6}

Same test description as in clause 5.2.3.1.13\_1.3 with the following
exception:

\- Table 5.2.3.2.13\_1.4-1 instead of 5.2.3.1.13\_1.4-1

\- Table 5.2.3.2.13\_1.3-1 instead of Table 5.2.3.1.13\_1.3.3\_1-5

Table 5.2.3.2.13\_1.3-1: *CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset* for TRS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-10                                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                        Condition
  CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset ::= CHOICE {                                                        
  Slots40                                                20             For CSI-RS resources 1,2,5,6   
  Slots40                                                21             For CSI-RS resources 3,4,7,8   
  }                                                                                                    

##### 5.2.3.2.13\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-88 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.2.13.0-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.2.13\_1.4-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.2.13\_1.4-1: Test requirement

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | (Note | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | 1)    | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (Note |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 2)    |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    | (Note |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3)    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 40 /  | 1     | FR1   | TDLA  | 2x4,  | 70    | 11.5  |
|       | DSCH. | 30    | 6QAM, | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 2-2.5 |       | 0.54  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| depen |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dent. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orres |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ponds |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4.4.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.3.2.14 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH Single-DCI based Inter-slot TDM scheme performance

##### 5.2.3.2.14.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-79 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.14.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.2.14.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.14.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.2.14.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Test index
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------
  Verify PDSCH performance under 4 receive antenna conditions when UE is configured with repetitionNumber-r16 with multiple slot level PDSCH transmission occasions of the same TB with two TCI states defined in clause 5.1 of TS 38.214 \[12\]   1-1

Table 5.2.3.2.14.0-2: Test parameters

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        | Unit     | Value    |          |          |          |
| arameter |          |          |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          | TRxP     | TRxP     |          |          |
|          |          | \#1(Note | \#2(Note |          |          |
|          |          | 1)       | 1)       |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Transmit |          | TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |
| TRxP of  |          |          |          |          |          |
| SSB      |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDCCH    | TCI      |          | TCI      |          |          |
| confi    | state    |          | State    |          |          |
| guration |          |          | \#1      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CORESETP |          | Not      |          |          |
|          | oolIndex |          | co       |          |          |
|          |          |          | nfigured |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CSI-RS   | First    |          | k0=0 for | k0=1 for |          |
| for      | su       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
| tracking | bcarrier |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | index in |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | the PRB  |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | used for |          |          |          |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | First    |          | l0 = 6   | l0 = 6   |          |
|          | OFDM     |          | for      | for      |          |
|          | symbol   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | in the   |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | PRB used |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | for      |          | 1 and 3  | 5 and 7  |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | l0 = 10  | l0 = 10  |          |
|          |          |          | for      | for      |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 2 and 4  | 6 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1 for    | 1 for    |          |
|          | of       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          | resource | resource |          |
|          | ports    |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | (X)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CDM Type |          | 'No CDM' |          |          |
|          |          |          | for      |          |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   |          |          |
|          |          |          | resource |          |          |
|          |          |          | 1,2,3,4  |          |          |
|          |          |          | ,5,6,7,8 |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Density  |          | 3        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 40       |          |          |
|          | per      |          |          |          |          |
|          | iodicity |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 20 for   | 20 for   |          |
|          | offset   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 1 and 2  | 5 and 6  |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | 21 for   | 21 for   |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 3 and 4  | 7 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | QCL info |          | TCI      |          |          |
|          |          |          | state    |          |          |
|          |          |          | \#0      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Duplex   |          | TDD      |          |          |          |
| mode     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Active   |          | 1        |          |          |          |
| DL BWP   |          |          |          |          |          |
| index    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Mapping  |          | Type A   |          |          |
| confi    | type     |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | k0       |          | 0        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Starting |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | symbol   |          |          |          |          |
|          | (S)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Length   |          | 12       |          |          |
|          | (L)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Re       |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | petition |          |          |          |          |
|          | number   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | Static   |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Resource |          | Type 0   |          |          |
|          | al       |          |          |          |          |
|          | location |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RBG size |          | Config2  |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | Non-int  |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          | erleaved |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | N/A      |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          |          |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | int      |          |          |          |          |
|          | erleaver |          |          |          |          |
|          | bundle   |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Antenna  |          | 1000     | 1000     |          |
| DMRS     | port     |          |          |          |          |
| confi    | indexes  |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | TCI      |          | TCI      | TCI      |          |
|          | state    |          | State    | State    |          |
|          |          |          | \#1      | \#2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | DMRS     |          | Type 1   |          |          |
|          | Type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | of       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ad       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ditional |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Maximum  |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | number   |          |          |          |          |
|          | of OFDM  |          |          |          |          |
|          | symbols  |          |          |          |          |
|          | for DL   |          |          |          |          |
|          | front    |          |          |          |          |
|          | loaded   |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | CSI-RS   | N/A      |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          | resource |          |
| \#1      | inf      |          |          | 1 from   |          |
|          | ormation |          |          | \'CSI-RS |          |
|          |          |          |          | for      |          |
|          |          |          |          | t        |          |
|          |          |          |          | racking' |          |
|          |          |          |          | confi    |          |
|          |          |          |          | guration |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | Type A   | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | CSI-RS   |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          |          | resource |
| \#2      | inf      |          |          |          | 5 from   |
|          | ormation |          |          |          | \'CSI-RS |
|          |          |          |          |          | for      |
|          |          |          |          |          | t        |
|          |          |          |          |          | racking' |
|          |          |          |          |          | confi    |
|          |          |          |          |          | guration |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | Type A   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Timing   | us       | 1        |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| second   |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F        | Hz       | 300      |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| second   |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| first    |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Number   |          | 4        |          |          |          |
| of HARQ  |          |          |          |          |          |
| P        |          |          |          |          |          |
| rocesses |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| The      |          | Specific |          |          |          |
| number   |          | to each  |          |          |          |
| of slots |          | TDD      |          |          |          |
| between  |          | UL-DL    |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          | pattern  |          |          |          |
| and      |          |          |          |          |          |
| corre    |          | and as   |          |          |          |
| sponding |          | defined  |          |          |          |
| HARQ-ACK |          | in Annex |          |          |          |
| inf      |          | A.1.2    |          |          |          |
| ormation |          | (Note 2) |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        |          | SP Type  |          |          |          |
| recoding |          | I,       |          |          |          |
| confi    |          | ind      |          |          |          |
| guration |          | ependent |          |          |          |
|          |          | p        |          |          |          |
|          |          | recoding |          |          |          |
|          |          | ge       |          |          |          |
|          |          | neration |          |          |          |
|          |          | is       |          |          |          |
|          |          | applied  |          |          |          |
|          |          | for both |          |          |          |
|          |          | TRxPs,   |          |          |          |
|          |          | random   |          |          |          |
|          |          | per slot |          |          |          |
|          |          | with PRB |          |          |          |
|          |          | bundling |          |          |          |
|          |          | gra      |          |          |          |
|          |          | nularity |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          |          |          |          |          |
| tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smission |          |          |          |          |          |
| is done  |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| both     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxPs    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| Note 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| ACK/NACK |          |          |          |          |          |
| feedback |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| g        |          |          |          |          |          |
| enerated |          |          |          |          |          |
| for      |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDSCH on |          |          |          |          |          |
| slot i,  |          |          |          |          |          |
| where    |          |          |          |          |          |
| m        |          |          |          |          |          |
| od(i,10) |          |          |          |          |          |
| = {2, 4, |          |          |          |          |          |
| 6}.      |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.2.3.2.14.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | (Note | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | 1)    | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (Note |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 2)    |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | BLER  | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (Note |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4)    |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.PD  | 40 /  | 1     | FR1   | TDLA  | 2x4,  | 1     | -0.5  |
|       | SCH.2 | 30    | 6QAM, | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   | (Note |       |
|       | -16.2 |       | 0.54  |       |       | Low   | 3)    |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| depen |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dent. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BLER  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| res   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idual |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BLER; |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| i.e.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ratio |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| i     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ncorr |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ectly |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rec   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eived |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tran  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sport |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| b     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| locks |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sent  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tran  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sport |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bl    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ocks, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ind   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| epend |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ently |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| umber |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HARQ  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| trans |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| missi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| on(s) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tran  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sport |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| b     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lock. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orres |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ponds |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SNR   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#1   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TRxP  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \#2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4.4.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.2.14.

###### 5.2.3.2.14\_1 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH Single-DCI based Inter-slot TDM scheme performance - 2x4 MIMO for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.2.14\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-95 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance under 4 receive antenna conditions when
UE is configured with repetitionNumber-r16 with multiple slot level
PDSCH transmission occasions of the same TB with two TCI states.

##### 5.2.3.2.14\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-95 .H6}

Test 1-1 applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward supporting
capability IE *supportTDM-SchemeA-r16*.

##### 5.2.3.2.14\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-95 .H6}

Same test description as in clause 5.2.3.1.14\_1.3 with the following
exception:

\- Table 5.2.3.2.14\_1.4-1 instead of 5.2.3.1.14\_1.4-1

\- Table 5.2.3.2.14\_1.3-1 instead of Table 5.2.3.1.14\_1.3.3\_1-5

Table 5.2.3.2.14\_1.3-1: *CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset* for TRS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-10                                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                        Condition
  CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset ::= CHOICE {                                                        
  Slots40                                                20             For CSI-RS resources 1,2,5,6   
  Slots40                                                21             For CSI-RS resources 3,4,7,8   
  }                                                                                                    

##### 5.2.3.2.15 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping type A performance on band with shared spectrum access

##### 5.2.3.2.15.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-80 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.15-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.2.15-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

Table 5.2.3.2.15.0-1: Tests purpose

  **Purpose**                                                                       **Test index**
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------
  Verify PDSCH performance for UE supporting operations in shared spectrum access   1-1, 1-2, 1-3, 1-4

Table 5.2.3.2.15.0-2: Test parameters

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| **Parameter**  | **Unit**       | **Value**      |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Duplex mode    |                | TDD            |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Active DL BWP  |                | 1              |                |
| index          |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DL             |                | As specified   |                |
| transmission   |                | in B.5         |                |
| model          |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Downlink Model | SSB Q          |                | 8              |
| Parameters     | fac            |                |                |
|                | tor^(Note\ 2)^ |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Downlink       | Slots          | {2,4,6,7}      |
|                | transmission   |                |                |
|                | duration       |                |                |
|                | values         |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Occupied OFDM  | Symbols        | 14             |
|                | symbols in     |                |                |
|                | slot other     |                |                |
|                | than the last  |                |                |
|                | slot of the    |                |                |
|                | downlink       |                |                |
|                | duration       |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Occupied OFDM  | Symbols        | {6,9,12,14}    |
|                | symbols in the |                | ^(Note\ 1)^    |
|                | last slot of   |                |                |
|                | the downlink   |                |                |
|                | duration       |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Downlink       | ms             | 5              |
|                | period         |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | LBT failure    |                | 0.25           |
|                | probability    |                |                |
|                | (*p~LBT~*)     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH          | Mapping type   |                | Type A         |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | k0             |                | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Starting       |                | 2              |
|                | symbol (S)     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PDSCH          |                | 1              |
|                | aggregation    |                |                |
|                | factor         |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | Static         |
|                | type           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | 2              |
|                | size           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Resource       |                | Type 0         |
|                | allocation     |                |                |
|                | type           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | RBG size       |                | Config2        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N              |
|                | mapping type   |                | on-interleaved |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N/A            |
|                | mapping        |                |                |
|                | interleaver    |                |                |
|                | bundle size    |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH DMRS     | DMRS Type      |                | Type 1         |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | dmrs-Addi      |                | pos1           |
|                | tionalPosition |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Maximum number |                | 1              |
|                | of OFDM        |                |                |
|                | symbols for DL |                |                |
|                | front loaded   |                |                |
|                | DMRS           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Number of HARQ |                | 8              |                |
| Processes      |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| The number of  |                | Specific to    |                |
| slots between  |                | each TDD UL-DL |                |
| PDSCH and      |                | pattern        |                |
| corresponding  |                |                |                |
| HARQ-ACK       |                | and as defined |                |
| information    |                | in Annex A.1.2 |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Note 1: If DL  |                |                |                |
| Transmission   |                |                |                |
| duration is 2  |                |                |                |
| Slot, the      |                |                |                |
| occupied OFDM  |                |                |                |
| symbols in the |                |                |                |
| last slot of   |                |                |                |
| the downlink   |                |                |                |
| duration is    |                |                |                |
| 14.            |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| Note 2: SSB Q  |                |                |                |
| Factor         |                |                |                |
| indicates the  |                |                |                |
| QCL relation   |                |                |                |
| between        |                |                |                |
| SS/PBCH        |                |                |                |
| blocks, and    |                |                |                |
| equals         |                |                |                |
| $              |                |                |                |
| N_{\text{SSB}} |                |                |                |
| ^{\text{QCL}}$ |                |                |                |
| (see 38.213,   |                |                |                |
| Section 4.1).  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.3.2.15.0-3: Minimum performance for Rank 2

  **Test num.**   **Reference channel**   **Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)**   **Modulation format and code rate**   **TDD UL-DL pattern**   **Propagation condition**   **Correlation matrix and antenna configuration**   **Reference value**                      
  --------------- ----------------------- ------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------- ----------------------- --------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- --------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        **Fraction of maximum throughput (%)**   **SNR (dB)**
  1-1             R.PDSCH.2-18.1 TDD      20 / 30                                          16QAM, 0.48                           FR1.30-7                TDLA30-10                   2x4, ULA Low                                       70                                       8.7
  1-2             R.PDSCH.2-18.2 TDD      40 / 30                                          16QAM, 0.48                           FR1.30-7                TDLA30-10                   2x4, ULA Low                                       70                                       8.7
  1-3             R.PDSCH.2-18.3 TDD      60 / 30                                          16QAM, 0.48                           FR1.30-7                TDLA30-10                   2x4, ULA Low                                       70                                       8.9
  1-4             R.PDSCH.2-18.4 TDD      80 / 30                                          16QAM, 0.48                           FR1.30-7                TDLA30-10                   2x4, ULA Low                                       70                                       9.1

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.2.15.

###### 5.2.3.2.15\_1 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping type A performance on band with shared spectrum access -- 2x4 MIMO for both NSA and SA

##### 5.2.3.2.15\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-96 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH mapping Type A performance under 2 receive antenna
conditions on a band with shared spectrum access and with different
channel bandwidth, for a specific fading channel model for a specified
downlink Reference Measurement Channel (RMC) to achieve a certain
throughput.

##### 5.2.3.2.15\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-96 .H6}

This test applies to all types of UE release 16 and forward supporting
NR/5GC and NR-U and supporting UL on shared channel access.

This test also applies to all types of UE release 16 and forward
supporting EN-DC and NR-U.

##### 5.2.3.2.15\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-96 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.15\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-85 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.3.2.15.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for NR/5GC with *Connected without Release
On, Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for EN-DC according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.2.15\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.2.15\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-85 .H6}

1\. The downlink signal transmission is as per the parameters defined in
Table 5.2.3.2.15.0-2 and as referenced in B.5.1

2\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format \[1\_1\] for C\_RNTI to
transmit the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.3.2.15\_1.4-1. The SS sends
downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

3\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.3.2.15\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

4\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause TBD. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table TBD in Annex G clause TBD.

5\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Tables
5.2.3.2.15\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

##### 5.2.3.2.15\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-83 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.3.2.15\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for NR/5GC {#message-exceptions-for-nr5gc-9 .H6}

Same as in Clause 5.2.2.2.15\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.3.2.15\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for EN-DC {#message-exceptions-for-en-dc-9 .H6}

Same as in Clause 5.2.2.2.15\_1.3.3\_2

##### 5.2.3.2.15\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-89 .H6}

Tables 5.2.3.2.15.0-2 define the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.2.15\_1.4-1 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.2.15\_1.4-1: Test requirements for Rank 2

  **Test num.**   **Reference channel**   **Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)**   **Modulation format and code rate**   **TDD UL-DL pattern**   **Propagation condition**   **Correlation matrix and antenna configuration**   **Reference value**                      
  --------------- ----------------------- ------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------- ----------------------- --------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- --------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        **Fraction of maximum throughput (%)**   **SNR (dB)**
  1-1             R.PDSCH.2-18.1 TDD      20 / 30                                          16QAM, 0.48                           FR1.30-7                TDLA30-10                   2x4, ULA Low                                       70                                       9.7
  1-2             R.PDSCH.2-18.2 TDD      40 / 30                                          16QAM, 0.48                           FR1.30-7                TDLA30-10                   2x4, ULA Low                                       70                                       9.7
  1-3             R.PDSCH.2-18.3 TDD      60 / 30                                          16QAM, 0.48                           FR1.30-7                TDLA30-10                   2x4, ULA Low                                       70                                       9.9
  1-4             R.PDSCH.2-18.4 TDD      80 / 30                                          16QAM, 0.48                           FR1.30-7                TDLA30-10                   2x4, ULA Low                                       70                                       10.1

##### 5.2.3.2.16 4Rx TDD FR1 for PDSCH with inter-cell interference performance

##### 5.2.3.2.16.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-81 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.16.0-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.2.16.0-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.16.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.2.16.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                               Test index
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the PDSCH performance under 4 receive antenna conditions, when transmission from the serving cell is interfered by 1 or 2 interfering cells.   1-1, 1-2

Table 5.2.3.2.16.0-2: Test parameters

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        | Unit     | Value    |          |          |          |
| arameter |          |          |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          | Cell 1   | Cell 2   | Cell 3   |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | Enabled  | Enabled  | Enabled  |          |
|          |          |          |          | for test |          |
|          |          |          |          | 1-1      |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          | Disabled |          |
|          |          |          |          | for test |          |
|          |          |          |          | 1-2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Duplex   |          | TDD      |          |          |          |
| mode     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TDD      |          | FR1.30-1 |          |          |          |
| UL-DL    |          |          |          |          |          |
| pattern  |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Active   |          | 1        |          |          |          |
| DL BWP   |          |          |          |          |          |
| index    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Physical |          | 0        | 1        | 2        |          |
| cell ID  |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Tran     |          | 1        | Random   | Random   |          |
| smission |          |          | rank     | rank     |          |
| rank     |          |          | with 70% | with 70% |          |
|          |          |          | and 30%  | and 30%  |          |
|          |          |          | pro      | pro      |          |
|          |          |          | bability | bability |          |
|          |          |          | for rank | for rank |          |
|          |          |          | 1 and    | 1 and    |          |
|          |          |          | rank 2   | rank 2   |          |
|          |          |          |          | for Test |          |
|          |          |          |          | 1-1      |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          | N/A for  |          |
|          |          |          |          | Test 1-2 |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Time     | us       | N/A      | 1.5      | -0.5     |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| to Cell  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F        | Hz       | N/A      | 300      | -100     |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| shift to |          |          |          |          |          |
| Cell 1   |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Inte     |          | N/A      | As       |          |          |
| rference |          |          | s        |          |          |
| Model    |          |          | pecified |          |          |
|          |          |          | in B.6.2 |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| INR      | dB       | N/A      | 7.77 for | 2.29 for |          |
| (Note 2) |          |          | Test 1-1 | Test 1-1 |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | 7.58 for | N/A for  |          |
|          |          |          | Test 1-2 | Test 1-2 |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| SSB      | SSB      |          | First    | First    | First    |
| confi    | position |          | SSB in   | SSB in   | SSB in   |
| guration | in burst |          | Slot \#0 | Slot \#0 | Slot \#0 |
|          |          |          |          | for Test | for Test |
|          |          |          |          | 1-1      | 1-1      |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          | Second   | N/A for  |
|          |          |          |          | SSB in   | Test 1-2 |
|          |          |          |          | Slot \#0 |          |
|          |          |          |          | for Test |          |
|          |          |          |          | 1-2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | SSB      | ms       | 20       | 20       | 20       |
|          | per      |          |          |          |          |
|          | iodicity |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Mapping  |          | Type A   |          |          |
| confi    | type     |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | k0       |          | 0        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Starting |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | symbol   |          |          |          |          |
|          | (S)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Length   |          | 12       |          |          |
|          | (L)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PDSCH    |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | agg      |          |          |          |          |
|          | regation |          |          |          |          |
|          | factor   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | Static   |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Resource |          | Type 0   |          |          |
|          | al       |          |          |          |          |
|          | location |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RBG size |          | Config2  |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | Non-int  |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          | erleaved |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | N/A      |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          |          |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | int      |          |          |          |          |
|          | erleaver |          |          |          |          |
|          | bundle   |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | DMRS     |          | Type 1   |          |          |
| DMRS     | Type     |          |          |          |          |
| confi    |          |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | of       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ad       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ditional |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Maximum  |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | number   |          |          |          |          |
|          | of OFDM  |          |          |          |          |
|          | symbols  |          |          |          |          |
|          | for DL   |          |          |          |          |
|          | front    |          |          |          |          |
|          | loaded   |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Number   |          | 8        |          |          |          |
| of HARQ  |          |          |          |          |          |
| P        |          |          |          |          |          |
| rocesses |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| The      |          | Specific |          |          |          |
| number   |          | to each  |          |          |          |
| of slots |          | TDD      |          |          |          |
| between  |          | UL-DL    |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          | pattern  |          |          |          |
| and      |          | and as   |          |          |          |
| corre    |          | defined  |          |          |          |
| sponding |          | in Annex |          |          |          |
| HARQ-ACK |          | A.1.2    |          |          |          |
| inf      |          |          |          |          |          |
| ormation |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Cell 1   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| serving  |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell,    |          |          |          |          |          |
| Cell 2 , |          |          |          |          |          |
| 3 are    |          |          |          |          |          |
| inte     |          |          |          |          |          |
| rference |          |          |          |          |          |
| cells.   |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| Note 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| INR is   |          |          |          |          |          |
| defined  |          |          |          |          |          |
| in Annex |          |          |          |          |          |
| B.6.1    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.2.3.2.16.0-3: Minimum performance for PDSCH with rank 1 and with
inter-cell interference

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num   | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       | Cell1 |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 40 /  | 1     | T     | 2x4,  | 70    | 10.7  |
|       | DSCH. | 30    | 6QAM, | DLC30 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 2-2.1 |       | 0.48  | 0-100 | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-2   | R.P   | 40 /  | 1     | TDLA  | 2x4,  | 70    | 7.6   |
|       | DSCH. | 30    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 2-2.1 |       | 0.48  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| *     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| *Note |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:**  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1,    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2 and |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3 are |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| depen |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dent. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Bandw |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idth/ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Subca |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spa   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cing, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| P     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tion, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1,    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2 and |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3.    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.2.16.

##### 5.2.3.2.16\_1 4Rx TDD FR1 for PDSCH with inter-cell interference performance -- 2x4 MIMO for both NSA and SA {#rx-tdd-fr1-for-pdsch-with-inter-cell-interference-performance-2x4-mimo-for-both-nsa-and-sa .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.16\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-97 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance under 4 receive antenna conditions, when
transmission from the serving cell is interfered by 1 or 2 interfering
cells.

##### 5.2.3.2.16\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-97 .H6}

Test 1-1 and test 1-2 applies to all types of NR UEs and E-UTRAN UEs
supporting EN-DC for release 15 and release 16 supporting MMSE-IRC
processing for scenarios with inter-cell and intra-cell inter-user
interference.

Test 1-1 and test 1-2 applies to all types of release 17 and forward NR
UEs and E-UTRAN UEs supporting EN-DC.

##### 5.2.3.2.16\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-97 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.16\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-86 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the serving cell and interfering cells
are set up according to Table 5.2-1 and Table 5.2.3.2.16.0-2 as
appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR serving cell are initially set up according
to Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0,
G.1, G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.2.16\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.2.16\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-86 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.3.2.16\_1.4-2. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR for the
serving cell and interfering cells according to Table 5.2.3.2.16\_1.4-2.

3\. Measure the average throughput on the serving cell for a duration
sufficient to achieve statistical significance according to Annex G
clause G.1.5. Count the number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL
during each subtest and decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1
in Annex G clause G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Tables
5.2.3.2.16\_1.4-2 as appropriate.

5.2.3.2.16\_1.3.3 Message contentsMessage contents are according to TS
38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and 5.4.2.

##### 5.2.3.2.16\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-67 .H6}

No message exceptions for SA

##### 5.2.3.2.16\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-61 .H6}

No message exceptions for NSA

##### 5.2.3.2.16\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-90 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.2.16\_1.4-1: Test parameters

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        | Unit     | Value    |          |          |          |
| arameter |          |          |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          | Cell 1   | Cell 2   | Cell 3   |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | Enabled  | Enabled  | Enabled  |          |
|          |          |          |          | for test |          |
|          |          |          |          | 1-1      |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          | Disabled |          |
|          |          |          |          | for test |          |
|          |          |          |          | 1-2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Duplex   |          | TDD      |          |          |          |
| mode     |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TDD      |          | FR1.30-1 |          |          |          |
| UL-DL    |          |          |          |          |          |
| pattern  |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Active   |          | 1        |          |          |          |
| DL BWP   |          |          |          |          |          |
| index    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Physical |          | 0        | 1        | 2        |          |
| cell ID  |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Tran     |          | 1        | Random   | Random   |          |
| smission |          |          | rank     | rank     |          |
| rank     |          |          | with 70% | with 70% |          |
|          |          |          | and 30%  | and 30%  |          |
|          |          |          | pro      | pro      |          |
|          |          |          | bability | bability |          |
|          |          |          | for rank | for rank |          |
|          |          |          | 1 and    | 1 and    |          |
|          |          |          | rank 2   | rank 2   |          |
|          |          |          |          | for Test |          |
|          |          |          |          | 1-1      |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          | N/A for  |          |
|          |          |          |          | Test 1-2 |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Time     | us       | N/A      | 1.5      | -0.5     |          |
| offset   |          |          |          |          |          |
| to Cell  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F        | Hz       | N/A      | 300      | -100     |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| shift to |          |          |          |          |          |
| Cell 1   |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Inte     |          | N/A      | As       |          |          |
| rference |          |          | s        |          |          |
| Model    |          |          | pecified |          |          |
|          |          |          | in B.6.2 |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| INR      | dB       | N/A      | 7.77+0.8 | 2.29+0.8 |          |
| (Note 2) |          |          | for Test | for Test |          |
|          |          |          | 1-1      | 1-1      |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | 7.58+0.8 | N/A for  |          |
|          |          |          | for Test | Test 1-2 |          |
|          |          |          | 1-2      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| SSB      | SSB      |          | First    | First    | First    |
| confi    | position |          | SSB in   | SSB in   | SSB in   |
| guration | in burst |          | Slot \#0 | Slot \#0 | Slot \#0 |
|          |          |          |          | for Test | for Test |
|          |          |          |          | 1-1      | 1-1      |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          | Second   | N/A for  |
|          |          |          |          | SSB in   | Test 1-2 |
|          |          |          |          | Slot \#0 |          |
|          |          |          |          | for Test |          |
|          |          |          |          | 1-2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | SSB      | ms       | 20       | 20       | 20       |
|          | per      |          |          |          |          |
|          | iodicity |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | Mapping  |          | Type A   |          |          |
| confi    | type     |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | k0       |          | 0        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Starting |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | symbol   |          |          |          |          |
|          | (S)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Length   |          | 12       |          |          |
|          | (L)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PDSCH    |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | agg      |          |          |          |          |
|          | regation |          |          |          |          |
|          | factor   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | Static   |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | PRB      |          | 2        |          |          |
|          | bundling |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Resource |          | Type 0   |          |          |
|          | al       |          |          |          |          |
|          | location |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | RBG size |          | Config2  |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | Non-int  |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          | erleaved |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | VR       |          | N/A      |          |          |
|          | B-to-PRB |          |          |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | int      |          |          |          |          |
|          | erleaver |          |          |          |          |
|          | bundle   |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDSCH    | DMRS     |          | Type 1   |          |          |
| DMRS     | Type     |          |          |          |          |
| confi    |          |          |          |          |          |
| guration |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | of       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ad       |          |          |          |          |
|          | ditional |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Maximum  |          | 1        |          |          |
|          | number   |          |          |          |          |
|          | of OFDM  |          |          |          |          |
|          | symbols  |          |          |          |          |
|          | for DL   |          |          |          |          |
|          | front    |          |          |          |          |
|          | loaded   |          |          |          |          |
|          | DMRS     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Number   |          | 8        |          |          |          |
| of HARQ  |          |          |          |          |          |
| P        |          |          |          |          |          |
| rocesses |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| The      |          | Specific |          |          |          |
| number   |          | to each  |          |          |          |
| of slots |          | TDD      |          |          |          |
| between  |          | UL-DL    |          |          |          |
| PDSCH    |          | pattern  |          |          |          |
| and      |          | and as   |          |          |          |
| corre    |          | defined  |          |          |          |
| sponding |          | in Annex |          |          |          |
| HARQ-ACK |          | A.1.2    |          |          |          |
| inf      |          |          |          |          |          |
| ormation |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Cell 1   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| serving  |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell,    |          |          |          |          |          |
| Cell 2 , |          |          |          |          |          |
| 3 are    |          |          |          |          |          |
| inte     |          |          |          |          |          |
| rference |          |          |          |          |          |
| cells.   |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| Note 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| INR is   |          |          |          |          |          |
| defined  |          |          |          |          |          |
| in Annex |          |          |          |          |          |
| B.6.1    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.2.3.2.16\_1.4-2: Test requirement for PDSCH with rank 1 and with
inter-cell interference

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num   | rence | width | ation | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       | Cell1 |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 40 /  | 1     | T     | 2x2,  | 70    | 12.4  |
|       | DSCH. | 30    | 6QAM, | DLC30 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 2-2.1 |       | 0.48  | 0-100 | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-2   | R.P   | 40 /  | 1     | TDLA  | 2x2,  | 70    | 9.4   |
|       | DSCH. | 30    | 6QAM, | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 2-2.1 |       | 0.48  |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| *     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| *Note |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:**  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1,    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2 and |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3 are |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sta   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tisti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cally |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| depen |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dent. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Bandw |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idth/ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Subca |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spa   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cing, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| P     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ropag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Condi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tion, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| orrel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atrix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1,    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2 and |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3.    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.3.2.17 4Rx TDD FR1 for PDSCH with intra-cell inter-user interference

##### 5.2.3.2.17.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-82 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Tables 5.2.3.2.17.0-3 and
5.2.3.2.17.0-4, with the addition of test parameters in Table
5.2.3.2.17.0-2 and the downlink physical channel setup according to
Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.17.0-1.

Table 5.2.3.2.17.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                   Test index
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify PDSCH performance under 4 receive antenna conditions, when the PDSCH transmission of target UE is interfered by co-scheduled UE.   1-1, 2-1

Table 5.2.3.2.17.0-2: Test parameters

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Parameter   | Unit        | Target UE   | C           |             |
|             |             |             | o-scheduled |             |
|             |             |             | UE          |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| Duplex mode |             | TDD         |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Active DL   |             | 1           |             |             |
| BWP index   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH       | Mapping     |             | Type A      |             |
| co          | type        |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | k0          |             | 0           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Starting    |             | 2           |             |
|             | symbol (S)  |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Length (L)  |             | 12          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PDSCH       |             | 1           |             |
|             | aggregation |             |             |             |
|             | factor      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | Static      |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | 2           |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | size        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    |             | Type 0      |             |
|             | allocation  |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | RBG size    |             | Config2     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | Non-        |             |
|             | mapping     |             | interleaved |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | N/A         |             |
|             | mapping     |             |             |             |
|             | interleaver |             |             |             |
|             | bundle size |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH DMRS  | DMRS Type   |             | Type 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
| (Note 1)    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 1           |             |
|             | additional  |             |             |             |
|             | DMRS        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Maximum     |             | 1           |             |
|             | number of   |             |             |             |
|             | OFDM        |             |             |             |
|             | symbols for |             |             |             |
|             | DL front    |             |             |             |
|             | loaded DMRS |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Antenna     |             | {1000} for  | {1001} for  |
|             | ports       |             | test 1-1    | test 1-1    |
|             | indexes     |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | {1000,      | {1002,      |
|             |             |             | 1001} for   | 1003} for   |
|             |             |             | test 2-1    | test 2-1    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 1 for test  | 1 for test  |
|             | PDSCH DMRS  |             | 1-1         | 1-1         |
|             | CDM         |             |             |             |
|             | group(s)    |             | 2 for test  | 2 for test  |
|             | without     |             | 2-1         | 2-1         |
|             | data        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH &     |             | Single      | Single      |             |
| PDSCH DMRS  |             | Panel Type  | Panel Type  |             |
| Precoding   |             | I,          | I,          |             |
| co          |             | Randomized  | Randomized  |             |
| nfiguration |             | precoder    | precoder    |             |
|             |             | selection   | selection   |             |
|             |             | for every   | for every   |             |
|             |             | PRB bundle  | PRB bundle  |             |
|             |             | and updated | and updated |             |
|             |             | per slot,   | per slot,   |             |
|             |             | with equal  | with equal  |             |
|             |             | probability | probability |             |
|             |             | of each     | of each     |             |
|             |             | applicable  | applicable  |             |
|             |             | i1/i2       | i1/i2       |             |
|             |             | combination | combination |             |
|             |             | or codebook | or codebook |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             | Index,      | Index,      |             |
|             |             | chosen from | chosen from |             |
|             |             | section     | section     |             |
|             |             | 5.2.2.2.1   | 5.2.2.2.1   |             |
|             |             | of TS       | of TS       |             |
|             |             | 38.214      | 38.214      |             |
|             |             | \[12\].     | \[12\].     |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | Any column  |             |
|             |             |             | of precoder |             |
|             |             |             | matrix is   |             |
|             |             |             | not equal   |             |
|             |             |             | to any      |             |
|             |             |             | column of   |             |
|             |             |             | precoder    |             |
|             |             |             | matrix of   |             |
|             |             |             | Target UE   |             |
|             |             |             | for test    |             |
|             |             |             | 1-1         |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | Select the  |             |
|             |             |             | precoder to |             |
|             |             |             | ensure any  |             |
|             |             |             | column of   |             |
|             |             |             | precoder is |             |
|             |             |             | orthogonal  |             |
|             |             |             | to any      |             |
|             |             |             | column of   |             |
|             |             |             | precoder    |             |
|             |             |             | for the     |             |
|             |             |             | target      |             |
|             |             |             | PDSCH for   |             |
|             |             |             | test 2-1    |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| MU-MIMO     |             | As          |             |             |
| Beamforming |             | specified   |             |             |
| Model       |             | in B.4.2    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Number of   |             | 8           | N/A         |             |
| HARQ        |             |             |             |             |
| Processes   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| The number  |             | Specific to | N/A         |             |
| of slots    |             | each TDD    |             |             |
| between     |             | UL-DL       |             |             |
| PDSCH and   |             | pattern and |             |             |
| co          |             | as defined  |             |             |
| rresponding |             | in Annex    |             |             |
| HARQ-ACK    |             | A.1.2       |             |             |
| information |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Note 1:     |             |             |             |             |
| DMRS        |             |             |             |             |
| scrambling  |             |             |             |             |
| ID is the   |             |             |             |             |
| same for    |             |             |             |             |
| both target |             |             |             |             |
| and         |             |             |             |             |
| c           |             |             |             |             |
| o-scheduled |             |             |             |             |
| UEs.        |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Table 5.2.3.2.17.0-3: Minimum performance for target UE with Rank 1

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Test num.</th>
<th>Reference channel</th>
<th>Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)</th>
<th>Modulation format and code rate</th>
<th>TDD UL-DL pattern</th>
<th>Propagation condition</th>
<th>Correlation matrix and antenna configuration</th>
<th>Reference value</th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><strong>Target UE</strong></td>
<td><strong>Co-scheduled UE</strong></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><p>Fraction of</p>
<p>maximum</p>
<p>throughput</p>
<p>(%)</p></td>
<td>SNR (dB)</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>1-1</td>
<td>R.PDSCH.7-1.1 TDD</td>
<td>40 / 30</td>
<td>16QAM, 0.48</td>
<td>Random 16QAM symbols</td>
<td>FR1.30-1</td>
<td><strong>TDLC300-100</strong></td>
<td>2x4, ULA Low</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>11.8</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 5.2.3.2.17.0-4: Minimum performance for target UE with Rank 2

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Test num.</th>
<th>Reference channel</th>
<th>Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)</th>
<th>Modulation format and code rate</th>
<th>TDD UL-DL pattern</th>
<th>Propagation condition</th>
<th>Correlation matrix and antenna configuration</th>
<th>Reference value</th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><strong>Target UE</strong></td>
<td><strong>Co-scheduled UE</strong></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><p>Fraction of</p>
<p>maximum</p>
<p>throughput</p>
<p>(%)</p></td>
<td>SNR (dB)</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>2-1</td>
<td>R.PDSCH.7-1.2 TDD</td>
<td>40 / 30</td>
<td>16QAM, 0.48</td>
<td>Random 16QAM symbols</td>
<td>FR1.30-1</td>
<td><strong>TDLA30-10</strong></td>
<td>4x4, ULA Low</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>15.5</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.2.17.

###### 5.2.3.2.17\_1 4Rx TDD FR1 for PDSCH with intra cell inter user interference performance -- 2x4 MIMO for both NSA and SA

##### 5.2.3.2.17\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-98 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance under 4 receive antenna conditions, when
the PDSCH transmission of target UE is interfered by co-scheduled UE.

##### 5.2.3.2.17\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-98 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UEs and E-UTRAN UEs supporting
EN-DC for release 15 and release 16 supporting MMSE-IRC processing for
scenarios with inter-cell and intra-cell inter-user interference.

This test applies to all types of release 17 and forward NR UEs and
E-UTRAN UEs supporting EN-DC.

##### 5.2.3.2.17\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-98 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.17\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-87 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.3.2.17.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.2.17\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.2.17\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-87 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.2.17\_1.4-1. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.3.2.17\_1.4-1.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

5.2.3.2.17\_1.3.3 Message contents

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.3.2.17\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-68 .H6}

No message exceptions for SA

##### 5.2.3.2.17\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-62 .H6}

No message exceptions for NSA

##### 5.2.3.2.17\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-91 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.2.17\_1.4-1: Test requirement for target UE with Rank 1

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Test num.</th>
<th>Reference channel</th>
<th>Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)</th>
<th>Modulation format and code rate</th>
<th>TDD UL-DL pattern</th>
<th>Propagation condition</th>
<th>Correlation matrix and antenna configuration</th>
<th>Reference value</th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><strong>Target UE</strong></td>
<td><strong>Co-scheduled UE</strong></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><p>Fraction of</p>
<p>maximum</p>
<p>throughput</p>
<p>(%)</p></td>
<td>SNR (dB)</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>1-1</td>
<td>R.PDSCH.7-1.1 TDD</td>
<td>40 / 30</td>
<td>16QAM, 0.48</td>
<td>Random 16QAM symbols</td>
<td>FR1.30-1</td>
<td><strong>TDLC300-100</strong></td>
<td>2x4, ULA Low</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>12.7</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 5.2.3.2.17\_2 4Rx TDD FR1 for PDSCH with intra cell inter user interference performance -- 4x4 MIMO for both NSA and SA

##### 5.2.3.2.17\_2.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-99 .H6}

To verify the PDSCH performance under 4 receive antenna conditions, when
the PDSCH transmission of target UE is interfered by co-scheduled UE.

##### 5.2.3.2.17\_2.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-99 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UEs and E-UTRAN UEs supporting
EN-DC for release 15 and release 16 supporting MMSE-IRC processing for
scenarios with inter-cell and intra-cell inter-user interference.

This test applies to all types of release 17 and forward NR UEs and
E-UTRAN UEs supporting EN-DC.

##### 5.2.3.2.17\_2.3 Test description {#test-description-99 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.17\_2.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-88 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.3.2.17.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.2.17\_2.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.2.17\_2.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-88 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.2.17\_2.4-1. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.3.2.17\_2.4-1.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.3.2.17\_2.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-84 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.3.2.17\_2.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-69 .H6}

No message exceptions for SA

##### 5.2.3.2.17\_2.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-63 .H6}

No message exceptions for NSA

##### 5.2.3.2.17\_2.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-92 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.2.17\_2.4-1: Test requirement for target UE with Rank 2

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Test num.</th>
<th>Reference channel</th>
<th>Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)</th>
<th>Modulation format and code rate</th>
<th>TDD UL-DL pattern</th>
<th>Propagation condition</th>
<th>Correlation matrix and antenna configuration</th>
<th>Reference value</th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><strong>Target UE</strong></td>
<td><strong>Co-scheduled UE</strong></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><p>Fraction of</p>
<p>maximum</p>
<p>throughput</p>
<p>(%)</p></td>
<td>SNR (dB)</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>2-1</td>
<td>R.PDSCH.7-1.2 TDD</td>
<td>40 / 30</td>
<td>16QAM, 0.48</td>
<td>Random 16QAM symbols</td>
<td>FR1.30-1</td>
<td><strong>TDLA30-10</strong></td>
<td>4x4, ULA Low</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>16.5</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

##### 5.2.3.2.18 4Rx TDD FR1 for PDSCH CRS interference mitigation under NR-LTE coexistence scenario

##### 5.2.3.2.18.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-83 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.18.0-4, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.2.18.0-2 for the serving
cell and Table 5.2.3.2.18.0-3 for the LTE interference cells and the
downlink physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.18.0-1.

**Table 5.2.3.2.18.0-1: Tests purpose**

  **Purpose**                                                                                                                                       **Test index**
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------
  Verify PDSCH CRS interference mitigation performance under 4 receive antenna conditions with CRS rate matching configured for the serving cell.   1-1

Table 5.2.3.2.18.0-2: Test parameters for the serving cell

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| **Parameter**  | **Unit**       | **Value**      |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Duplex mode    |                | TDD            |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Active DL BWP  |                | 1              |                |
| index          |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH          | Mapping type   |                | Type A         |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | k0             |                | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Starting       |                | 3              |
|                | symbol (S)     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Length (L)     |                | 9              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PDSCH          |                | 1              |
|                | aggregation    |                |                |
|                | factor         |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | Static         |
|                | type           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | 2              |
|                | size           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Resource       |                | Type 0         |
|                | allocation     |                |                |
|                | type           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | RBG size       |                | Config2        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N              |
|                | mapping type   |                | on-interleaved |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N/A            |
|                | mapping        |                |                |
|                | interleaver    |                |                |
|                | bundle size    |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH DMRS     | DMRS Type      |                | Type 1         |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Number of      |                | 1              |
|                | additional     |                |                |
|                | DMRS           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Maximum number |                | 1              |
|                | of OFDM        |                |                |
|                | symbols for DL |                |                |
|                | front loaded   |                |                |
|                | DMRS           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CRS for rate   | LTE carrier    |                | Same as NR     |
|                | centre         |                | carrier centre |
| Matching (Note | subcarrier     |                | subcarrier     |
| 1)             | location       |                | location       |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | LTE carrier BW | Hz             | 20             |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Number of      |                | 4              |
|                | antenna ports  |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | v-shift        |                | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Number of HARQ |                | 8              |                |
| Processes      |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| The number of  |                | Specific to    |                |
| slots between  |                | each TDD UL-DL |                |
| PDSCH and      |                | pattern and as |                |
| corresponding  |                | defined in     |                |
| HARQ-ACK       |                | Annex A.1.2    |                |
| information    |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Note 1: No     |                |                |                |
| MBSFN is       |                |                |                |
| configured on  |                |                |                |
| LTE carrier.   |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| Note 2:        |                |                |                |
| Network-based  |                |                |                |
| CRS            |                |                |                |
| interference   |                |                |                |
| mitigation is  |                |                |                |
| disabled on    |                |                |                |
| LTE carrier    |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.3.2.18.0-3: Test parameters for the LTE interference cells

+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| **Parameter** | **Unit**      | **Cell 1**    | **Cell 2**    |    |
+===============+===============+===============+===============+====+
| Duplex mode   |               | TDD           | TDD           |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| TDD UL-DL     |               | DSUDDDSUDD    | DSUDDDSUDD    |    |
| pattern       |               |               |               |    |
|               |               | S = 10D + 2G  | S = 10D + 2G  |    |
|               |               | + 2U          | + 2U          |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| INR (Note 1)  | dB            | 10.45         | 4.6           |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| LTE Bandwidth | MHz           | 20            | 20            |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Carrier       |               | Same as the   | Same as the   |    |
| centre        |               | NR serving    | NR serving    |    |
| subcarrier    |               | carrier       | carrier       |    |
| location      |               | centre        | centre        |    |
|               |               | subcarrier    | subcarrier    |    |
|               |               | location      | location      |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Cyclic Prefix |               | Normal        | Normal        |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Physical cell |               | 1             | 2             |    |
| ID            |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| CRS pattern   | Number of     |               | 4             | 4  |
|               | antenna ports |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               | v-shift       |               | 1             | 2  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Downlink      |               | dB            | -6            | -6 |
| power         |               |               |               |    |
| allocation    |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               |               | dB            | -6            | -6 |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               | σ             | dB            | 0             | 0  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| PDSCH         |               | TM4           | TM4           |    |
| transmission  |               |               |               |    |
| mode          |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| PDSCH loading | \%            | 20%           | 20%           |    |
| level         |               | probability   | probability   |    |
|               |               | of occurrence | of occurrence |    |
|               |               | of LTE data   | of LTE data   |    |
|               |               | transmission  | transmission  |    |
|               |               | in time       | in time       |    |
|               |               | domain, and   | domain, and   |    |
|               |               | full          | full          |    |
|               |               | bandwidth     | bandwidth     |    |
|               |               | allocation in | allocation in |    |
|               |               | frequency     | frequency     |    |
|               |               | domain.       | domain.       |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Transmission  | \%            | 80% and 20%   | 80% and 20%   |    |
| rank          |               | probability   | probability   |    |
|               |               | for rank 1    | for rank 1    |    |
|               |               | and rank 2    | and rank 2    |    |
|               |               | respectively  | respectively  |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Interference  |               | As specified  | As specified  |    |
| model         |               | in clause B.7 | in clause B.7 |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Time offset   | us            | 3             | -1            |    |
| to the        |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Frequency     | Hz            | 300           | -100          |    |
| offset to the |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Propagation   |               | TDLA30-10 ULA | TDLA30-10 ULA |    |
| conditions    |               | Low           | Low           |    |
| and MIMO      |               |               |               |    |
| configuration |               |               |               |    |
| (Note 2)      |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Precoding     | PRB           | 8             | 8             |    |
| granularity   |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Note 1:       |               |               |               |    |
| Defined in    |               |               |               |    |
| B.6.1         |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 2: The   |               |               |               |    |
| channel for   |               |               |               |    |
| the LTE       |               |               |               |    |
| interference  |               |               |               |    |
| cells and the |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
| are           |               |               |               |    |
| independent.  |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+

Table 5.2.3.2.18.0-4: Minimum performance for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 20 /  | 1     | FR1   | TDLA  | 4x4,  | 70    | 8.8   |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | .15-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-1.3 |       | 0.48  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.2.18.

##### 5.2.3.2.18\_1 4Rx TDD FR1 for PDSCH CRS interference mitigation under NR-LTE coexistence scenario -- 4x4 MIMO for both NSA and SA

##### 5.2.3.2.18\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-100 .H6}

To verify PDSCH CRS interference mitigation performance under 4 receive
antenna conditions with CRS rate matching configured for the serving
cell.

##### 5.2.3.2.18\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-100 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward that
support *CRS-IM-DSS-15kHzSCS-r17.*

##### 5.2.3.2.18\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-100 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.18\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-89 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Tables 5.2.3.2.18.0-2 and 5.2.3.2.18.0-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.2.18\_1.3.3.

##### 5.2.3.2.18\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-89 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.2.18\_1.4-2. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2.3.2.18\_1.4-2 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Table 5.2.3.2.18\_1.4-2
as appropriate.

##### 5.2.3.2.18\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-85 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.3.2.18\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-70 .H6}

As defined in clause 5.4.2 of TS 38.508-1 \[6\] with the following
exceptions:

Table 5.2.2.2.19\_1.3.3\_1-1: ServingCellConfigCommon

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-2                                       
  ----------------------------------------------------- ------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark              Comment   Condition
  ServingCellConfigCommon ::= SEQUENCE {                                                    
  dmrs-TypeA-Position                                   pos3                                
  lte-CRS-ToMatchAround                                 RateMatchPatternLTE-CRS             
  }                                                                                         

Table 5.2.2.2.19\_1.3.3\_1-2: RateMatchPatternLTE-CRS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-28                                                             
  ------------------------------------------------------ ----------------------------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark                                    Comment   Condition
  RateMatchPatternLTE-CRS ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                           
  carrierFreqDL                                          Same as NR carrier centre subcarrier location             
  carrierBandwidthDL                                     n100                                            20MHz     
  mbsfn-SubframeConfigList                               Not present                                               
  nrofCRS-Ports                                          n4                                                        
  v-Shift                                                n0                                                        
  }                                                                                                                

##### 5.2.3.2.18\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-64 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.2.18\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.3.2.18\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-93 .H6}

Tables 5.2.3.2.18\_1.4-1 and 5.2.3.2.18\_1.4-2 define the primary level
settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.2.18\_1.4-2 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.2.18\_1.4-1: Test parameters for the LTE interference cells

+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| **Parameter** | **Unit**      | **Cell 1**    | **Cell 2**    |    |
+===============+===============+===============+===============+====+
| Duplex mode   |               | TDD           | TDD           |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| TDD UL-DL     |               | DSUDDDSUDD    | DSUDDDSUDD    |    |
| pattern       |               |               |               |    |
|               |               | S = 10D + 2G  | S = 10D + 2G  |    |
|               |               | + 2U          | + 2U          |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| INR (Note 1)  | dB            | 11.25         | 5.4           |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| LTE Bandwidth | MHz           | 20            | 20            |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Carrier       |               | Same as the   | Same as the   |    |
| centre        |               | NR serving    | NR serving    |    |
| subcarrier    |               | carrier       | carrier       |    |
| location      |               | centre        | centre        |    |
|               |               | subcarrier    | subcarrier    |    |
|               |               | location      | location      |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Cyclic Prefix |               | Normal        | Normal        |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Physical cell |               | 1             | 2             |    |
| ID            |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| CRS pattern   | Number of     |               | 4             | 4  |
|               | antenna ports |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               | v-shift       |               | 1             | 2  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Downlink      |               | dB            | -6            | -6 |
| power         |               |               |               |    |
| allocation    |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               |               | dB            | -6            | -6 |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               | σ             | dB            | 0             | 0  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| PDSCH         |               | TM4           | TM4           |    |
| transmission  |               |               |               |    |
| mode          |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| PDSCH loading | \%            | 20%           | 20%           |    |
| level         |               | probability   | probability   |    |
|               |               | of occurrence | of occurrence |    |
|               |               | of LTE data   | of LTE data   |    |
|               |               | transmission  | transmission  |    |
|               |               | in time       | in time       |    |
|               |               | domain, and   | domain, and   |    |
|               |               | full          | full          |    |
|               |               | bandwidth     | bandwidth     |    |
|               |               | allocation in | allocation in |    |
|               |               | frequency     | frequency     |    |
|               |               | domain.       | domain.       |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Transmission  | \%            | 80% and 20%   | 80% and 20%   |    |
| rank          |               | probability   | probability   |    |
|               |               | for rank 1    | for rank 1    |    |
|               |               | and rank 2    | and rank 2    |    |
|               |               | respectively  | respectively  |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Interference  |               | As specified  | As specified  |    |
| model         |               | in clause B.7 | in clause B.7 |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Time offset   | us            | 3             | -1            |    |
| to the        |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Frequency     | Hz            | 300           | -100          |    |
| offset to the |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Propagation   |               | TDLA30-10 ULA | TDLA30-10 ULA |    |
| conditions    |               | Low           | Low           |    |
| and MIMO      |               |               |               |    |
| configuration |               |               |               |    |
| (Note 2)      |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Precoding     | PRB           | 8             | 8             |    |
| granularity   |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Note 1:       |               |               |               |    |
| Defined in    |               |               |               |    |
| B.6.1         |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 2: The   |               |               |               |    |
| channel for   |               |               |               |    |
| the LTE       |               |               |               |    |
| interference  |               |               |               |    |
| cells and the |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
| are           |               |               |               |    |
| independent.  |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+

Table 5.2.3.2.18\_1.4-2: Test requirement for Rank 1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 20 /  | 1     | FR1   | TDLA  | 4x4,  | 70    | 10.6  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | .15-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-1.3 |       | 0.48  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.3.2.19 4Rx TDD FR1 for PDSCH with inter cell CRS interference

##### 5.2.3.2.19.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-84 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.19.0-4 and
Table 5.2.3.2.19.0-6, with the addition of test parameters in Table
5.2.3.2.19.0-2 for the serving cell and Table 5.2.3.2.19.0-3 for the LTE
interference cells and the downlink physical channel setup according to
Annex C.3.1.

The requirements for UE capable of performing CRS-IM with the assistance
of network signalling on LTE channel bandwidth are specified in Table
5.2.3.2.19.0-4.

The requirements for UE capable of performing CRS-IM without the
assistance of network signalling on LTE channel bandwidth are specified
in Table 5.2.3.2.19.0-6.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.19.0-1.

**Table 5.2.3.2.19.0-1: Tests purpose**

  **Purpose**                                                                                                     **Test index**
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------
  Verify PDSCH performance under 4 receive antenna conditions when PDSCH is interfered by inter cell CRS signal   1-1, 1-2, 2-1 and 2-2

Table 5.2.3.2.19.0-2: Tests parameter for serving cell PDSCH

  **Parameter**                                                              **Unit**                                                  **Value**                                                          
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------ -----------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                          TDD                                                                
  TDD UL-DL pattern                                                                                                                    FR1.15-1                                                           
  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                  1                                                                  
  PDSCH configuration                                                        Mapping type                                                                                                                 Type A
                                                                             k0                                                                                                                           0
                                                                             Starting symbol (S)                                                                                                          2
                                                                             Length (L)                                                                                                                   12
                                                                             PDSCH aggregation factor                                                                                                     1
                                                                             PRB bundling type                                                                                                            Static
                                                                             PRB bundling size                                                                                                            2
                                                                             Resource allocation type                                                                                                     Type 0
                                                                             RBG size                                                                                                                     Config2
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                                                                                      Non-interleaved
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                                                                                   N/A
  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                   DMRS Type                                                                                                                    Type 1
                                                                             Number of additional DMRS                                                                                                    1
                                                                             Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS                                                                      1
  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                             8                                                                  
  The number of slots between PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             Specific to each TDD UL-DL pattern and as defined in Annex A.1.2   

Table 5.2.3.2.19.0-3: Tests parameter for interference cells

+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| **Parameter** | **Unit**      | **Cell 1**    | **Cell 2**    |    |
+===============+===============+===============+===============+====+
| Duplex mode   |               | TDD           | TDD           |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| TDD UL-DL     |               | DSUDDDSUDD    | DSUDDDSUDD    |    |
| pattern       |               |               |               |    |
|               |               | S = 10D + 2G  | S = 10D + 2G  |    |
|               |               | + 2U          | + 2U          |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| INR           | dB            | 10.45         | 4.6           |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| LTE Bandwidth | MHz           | 20            | 20            |    |
| (Note 5)      |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Carrier       |               | Same as the   | Same as the   |    |
| centre        |               | NR serving    | NR serving    |    |
| subcarrier    |               | carrier       | carrier       |    |
| location      |               | centre        | centre        |    |
| (Note 6)      |               | subcarrier    | subcarrier    |    |
|               |               | location      | location      |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Cyclic Prefix |               | Normal        | Normal        |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Physical cell |               | 1             | 2             |    |
| ID            |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| CRS pattern   | Number of     |               | 4             | 4  |
|               | antenna ports |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               | v-shift       |               | 1             | 2  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Downlink      |               | dB            | -6            | -6 |
| power         |               |               |               |    |
| allocation    |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               |               | dB            | -6            | -6 |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               | σ             | dB            | 0             | 0  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| PDSCH         |               | TM4           | TM4           |    |
| transmission  |               |               |               |    |
| mode          |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| PDSCH loading | \%            | 20%           | 20%           |    |
| level         |               | probability   | probability   |    |
|               |               | of occurrence | of occurrence |    |
|               |               | of LTE data   | of LTE data   |    |
|               |               | transmission  | transmission  |    |
|               |               | in time       | in time       |    |
|               |               | domain, and   | domain, and   |    |
|               |               | full          | full          |    |
|               |               | bandwidth     | bandwidth     |    |
|               |               | allocation in | allocation in |    |
|               |               | frequency     | frequency     |    |
|               |               | domain for    | domain for    |    |
|               |               | test 1-1.     | test 1-1.     |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
|               |               | 10%           | 10%           |    |
|               |               | probability   | probability   |    |
|               |               | of occurrence | of occurrence |    |
|               |               | of LTE data   | of LTE data   |    |
|               |               | transmission  | transmission  |    |
|               |               | in time       | in time       |    |
|               |               | domain, and   | domain, and   |    |
|               |               | full          | full          |    |
|               |               | bandwidth     | bandwidth     |    |
|               |               | allocation in | allocation in |    |
|               |               | frequency     | frequency     |    |
|               |               | domain for    | domain for    |    |
|               |               | test 1-2.     | test 1-2.     |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Transmission  | \%            | 80% and 20%   | 80% and 20%   |    |
| rank          |               | probability   | probability   |    |
|               |               | for rank 1    | for rank 1    |    |
|               |               | and rank 2    | and rank 2    |    |
|               |               | respectively  | respectively  |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Interference  |               | As specified  | As specified  |    |
| model         |               | in clause B.7 | in clause B.7 |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Time offset   | us            | 3 for test    | -1 for test   |    |
| to the        |               | 1-1           | 1-1           |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
|               |               | 1.5 for test  | -0.5 for test |    |
|               |               | 1-2           | 1-2           |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Frequency     | Hz            | 300           | -100          |    |
| offset to the |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Propagation   |               | TDLA30-10 ULA | TDLA30-10 ULA |    |
| conditions    |               | Low           | Low           |    |
| and MIMO      |               |               |               |    |
| configuration |               |               |               |    |
| (Note 1)      |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Precoding     | PRB           | 8             | 8             |    |
| granularity   |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Note 1: The   |               |               |               |    |
| channel for   |               |               |               |    |
| the LTE       |               |               |               |    |
| interference  |               |               |               |    |
| cells and the |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
| are           |               |               |               |    |
| independent.  |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 2: No    |               |               |               |    |
| MBSFN is      |               |               |               |    |
| configured on |               |               |               |    |
| LTE carrier.  |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 3:       |               |               |               |    |
| Network-based |               |               |               |    |
| CRS           |               |               |               |    |
| interference  |               |               |               |    |
| mitigation is |               |               |               |    |
| disabled on   |               |               |               |    |
| LTE carrier.  |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 4: The   |               |               |               |    |
| start of      |               |               |               |    |
| transmission  |               |               |               |    |
| of LTE frame  |               |               |               |    |
| is delayed by |               |               |               |    |
| 2 LTE         |               |               |               |    |
| subframes     |               |               |               |    |
| with respect  |               |               |               |    |
| to the start  |               |               |               |    |
| of            |               |               |               |    |
| transmission  |               |               |               |    |
| of NR frame   |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 5: This  |               |               |               |    |
| parameter is  |               |               |               |    |
| informed to   |               |               |               |    |
| UE via        |               |               |               |    |
| network       |               |               |               |    |
| assistance    |               |               |               |    |
| signalling    |               |               |               |    |
| for Test 1-1  |               |               |               |    |
| and 1-2 in    |               |               |               |    |
| Table         |               |               |               |    |
| 5.            |               |               |               |    |
| 2.3.2.19.0-4. |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 6:       |               |               |               |    |
| Single entry  |               |               |               |    |
| is included   |               |               |               |    |
| in IE         |               |               |               |    |
| *LTE-NeighCe  |               |               |               |    |
| llsCRS-Assist |               |               |               |    |
| InfoList-r17* |               |               |               |    |
| that applies  |               |               |               |    |
| for both      |               |               |               |    |
| cells for     |               |               |               |    |
| cases with    |               |               |               |    |
| network       |               |               |               |    |
| signalling    |               |               |               |    |
| assistance    |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+

Table 5.2.3.2.19.0-4 Minimum performance for Rank 1 with the assistance
of network signalling on LTE channel bandwidth

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 20 /  | 1     | FR1   | TDLA  | 4x4,  | 70    | 8.6   |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | .15-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-4.1 |       | 0.48  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-2   | R.PD  | 20 /  | 1     | FR1   | TDLA  | 4x4,  | 70    | 8.2   |
|       | SCH.2 | 30    | 6QAM, | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | -28.1 |       | 0.48  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 5.2.3.2.19.0-5: Measurement Gap configurations

  **Parameter**                              **Unit**   **Value**
  ------------------------------------------ ---------- -----------
  Measurement Gap Length (mgl)               ms         6
  Measurement Gap Repetition Period (mgrp)   ms         40
  Gap offset (gapoffset)                     ms         1
  Measurement gap timing advance (mgta)      ms         0

Table 5.2.3.2.19.0-6: Minimum performance for Rank 1 without the
assistance of network signalling on LTE channel bandwidth

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 2-1   | R.P   | 20 /  | 1     | FR1   | TDLA  | 4x4,  | 70    | 8.6   |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | .15-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-4.2 |       | 0.48  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 2-2   | R.PD  | 20 /  | 1     | FR1   | TDLA  | 4x4,  | 70    | 8.2   |
|       | SCH.2 | 30    | 6QAM, | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | -29.1 |       | 0.48  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.2.19.

##### 5.2.3.2.19\_1 4Rx TDD FR1 for PDSCH with inter cell CRS interference scenario -- 4x4 MIMO for both NSA and SA

##### 5.2.3.2.19\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-101 .H6}

To verify PDSCH performance under 4 receive antenna conditions when
PDSCH is interfered by inter cell CRS signal.

##### 5.2.3.2.19\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-101 .H6}

Tests 2-1 and 2-2 apply to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward
that support *CRS-IM-nonDSS-15kHzSCS-r17 or crs-IM-nonDSS-30kHzSCS-r17.*

Tests 1-1 and 1-2 apply to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward
that support *CRS-IM-nonDSS-NWA-15kHzSCS-r17 or*
crs*-IM-nonDSS-NWA-30kHzSCS-r17.*

##### 5.2.3.2.19\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-101 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.19\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-90 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.5
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Tables 5.2.3.2.19.0-2 and 5.2.3.2.19\_1.4-1 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.2.19\_1.3.3.

6\. For UE capable of performing CRS-IM without the assistance of
network signalling on LTE channel bandwidth, ensure the network
configures an inter-RAT LTE measurement object of the interfering cells
to the tested UE. Inter-RAT measurement is configured at the beginning
of the test and applied throughout the test with gap pattern
configurations according to Table 5.2.3.2.19.0-5. PDSCH is not
scheduled, and throughput is not counted during 4.64s after the
beginning of test. PDSCH is not scheduled in the measurement gaps.

##### 5.2.3.2.19\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-90 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.3.2.19\_1.4-2 and 5.2.3.2.19\_1.4-3
as appropriate. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.3.2.19\_1.4-2 and 5.2.3.2.19\_1.4-3 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Tables
5.2.3.2.19\_1.4-2 and 5.2.3.2.19\_1.4-3 as appropriate.

##### 5.2.3.2.19\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-86 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.3.2.19\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-71 .H6}

As defined in clause 4.6.3 of TS 38.508-1 \[6\] with the following
exceptions:

Table 5.2.3.2.19\_1.3.3\_1-1: *LTE-NeighCellsCRS-AssistInfoList*

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-67A                                                                                                         
  Information Element                                                                                                                Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  LTE-NeighCellsCRS-AssistInfoList-r17 ::= SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxNrofCRS-IM-InterfCell-r17)) OF LTE-NeighCellsCRS-AssistInfo-r17 {   1 entry                  Tests 1-1 and 1-2
  LTE-NeighCellsCRS-AssistInfo-r17\[1\] SEQUENCE {                                                                                                            
  neighCarrierBandwidthDL-r17                                                                                                        n100                     
  neighNrofCRS-Ports-r17                                                                                                             n4                       
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  }                                                                                                                                                           
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -------------------

Table 5.2.3.2.19\_1.3.3\_1-2: *MeasGapConfig*

  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -------------------
  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-70                            
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  MeasGapConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                  Tests 2-1 and 2-2
  gapUE CHOICE {                                                                
  setup SEQUENCE {                                                              
  gapOffset                                            1                        
  mgl                                                  ms6                      
  mgrp                                                 ms40                     
  mgta                                                 ms0                      
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  }                                                                             
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -------------------

##### 5.2.3.2.19\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-65 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.2.19\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2.3.2.19\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-94 .H6}

Tables 5.2.3.2.19\_1.4-1, 5.2.3.2.19\_1.4-2 and 5.2.3.2.19\_1.4-3 define
the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A for each throughput test shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Tables 5.2.3.2.19\_1.4-2 and
Tables 5.2.3.2.19\_1.4-3 for the specified SNR including test tolerances
for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.2.19\_1.4-1: Tests parameter for interference cells

+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| **Parameter** | **Unit**      | **Cell 1**    | **Cell 2**    |    |
+===============+===============+===============+===============+====+
| Duplex mode   |               | TDD           | TDD           |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| TDD UL-DL     |               | DSUDDDSUDD    | DSUDDDSUDD    |    |
| pattern       |               |               |               |    |
|               |               | S = 10D + 2G  | S = 10D + 2G  |    |
|               |               | + 2U          | + 2U          |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| INR           | dB            | 11.25         | 5.4           |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| LTE Bandwidth | MHz           | 20            | 20            |    |
| (Note 5)      |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Carrier       |               | Same as the   | Same as the   |    |
| centre        |               | NR serving    | NR serving    |    |
| subcarrier    |               | carrier       | carrier       |    |
| location      |               | centre        | centre        |    |
| (Note 6)      |               | subcarrier    | subcarrier    |    |
|               |               | location      | location      |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Cyclic Prefix |               | Normal        | Normal        |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Physical cell |               | 1             | 2             |    |
| ID            |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| CRS pattern   | Number of     |               | 4             | 4  |
|               | antenna ports |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               | v-shift       |               | 1             | 2  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Downlink      |               | dB            | -6            | -6 |
| power         |               |               |               |    |
| allocation    |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               |               | dB            | -6            | -6 |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
|               | σ             | dB            | 0             | 0  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| PDSCH         |               | TM4           | TM4           |    |
| transmission  |               |               |               |    |
| mode          |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| PDSCH loading | \%            | 20%           | 20%           |    |
| level         |               | probability   | probability   |    |
|               |               | of occurrence | of occurrence |    |
|               |               | of LTE data   | of LTE data   |    |
|               |               | transmission  | transmission  |    |
|               |               | in time       | in time       |    |
|               |               | domain, and   | domain, and   |    |
|               |               | full          | full          |    |
|               |               | bandwidth     | bandwidth     |    |
|               |               | allocation in | allocation in |    |
|               |               | frequency     | frequency     |    |
|               |               | domain for    | domain for    |    |
|               |               | test 1-1.     | test 1-1.     |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
|               |               | 10%           | 10%           |    |
|               |               | probability   | probability   |    |
|               |               | of occurrence | of occurrence |    |
|               |               | of LTE data   | of LTE data   |    |
|               |               | transmission  | transmission  |    |
|               |               | in time       | in time       |    |
|               |               | domain, and   | domain, and   |    |
|               |               | full          | full          |    |
|               |               | bandwidth     | bandwidth     |    |
|               |               | allocation in | allocation in |    |
|               |               | frequency     | frequency     |    |
|               |               | domain for    | domain for    |    |
|               |               | test 1-2.     | test 1-2.     |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Transmission  | \%            | 80% and 20%   | 80% and 20%   |    |
| rank          |               | probability   | probability   |    |
|               |               | for rank 1    | for rank 1    |    |
|               |               | and rank 2    | and rank 2    |    |
|               |               | respectively  | respectively  |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Interference  |               | As specified  | As specified  |    |
| model         |               | in clause B.7 | in clause B.7 |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Time offset   | us            | 3 for test    | -1 for test   |    |
| to the        |               | 1-1           | 1-1           |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
|               |               | 1.5 for test  | -0.5 for test |    |
|               |               | 1-2           | 1-2           |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Frequency     | Hz            | 300           | -100          |    |
| offset to the |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Propagation   |               | TDLA30-10 ULA | TDLA30-10 ULA |    |
| conditions    |               | Low           | Low           |    |
| and MIMO      |               |               |               |    |
| configuration |               |               |               |    |
| (Note 1)      |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Precoding     | PRB           | 8             | 8             |    |
| granularity   |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+
| Note 1: The   |               |               |               |    |
| channel for   |               |               |               |    |
| the LTE       |               |               |               |    |
| interference  |               |               |               |    |
| cells and the |               |               |               |    |
| serving cell  |               |               |               |    |
| are           |               |               |               |    |
| independent.  |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 2: No    |               |               |               |    |
| MBSFN is      |               |               |               |    |
| configured on |               |               |               |    |
| LTE carrier.  |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 3:       |               |               |               |    |
| Network-based |               |               |               |    |
| CRS           |               |               |               |    |
| interference  |               |               |               |    |
| mitigation is |               |               |               |    |
| disabled on   |               |               |               |    |
| LTE carrier.  |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 4: The   |               |               |               |    |
| start of      |               |               |               |    |
| transmission  |               |               |               |    |
| of LTE frame  |               |               |               |    |
| is delayed by |               |               |               |    |
| 2 LTE         |               |               |               |    |
| subframes     |               |               |               |    |
| with respect  |               |               |               |    |
| to the start  |               |               |               |    |
| of            |               |               |               |    |
| transmission  |               |               |               |    |
| of NR frame   |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 5: This  |               |               |               |    |
| parameter is  |               |               |               |    |
| informed to   |               |               |               |    |
| UE via        |               |               |               |    |
| network       |               |               |               |    |
| assistance    |               |               |               |    |
| signalling    |               |               |               |    |
| for Test 1-1  |               |               |               |    |
| and 1-2 in    |               |               |               |    |
| Table         |               |               |               |    |
| 5.            |               |               |               |    |
| 2.3.2.19.0-4. |               |               |               |    |
|               |               |               |               |    |
| Note 6:       |               |               |               |    |
| Single entry  |               |               |               |    |
| is included   |               |               |               |    |
| in IE         |               |               |               |    |
| *LTE-NeighCe  |               |               |               |    |
| llsCRS-Assist |               |               |               |    |
| InfoList-r17* |               |               |               |    |
| that applies  |               |               |               |    |
| for both      |               |               |               |    |
| cells for     |               |               |               |    |
| cases with    |               |               |               |    |
| network       |               |               |               |    |
| signalling    |               |               |               |    |
| assistance    |               |               |               |    |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+----+

Table 5.2.3.2.19\_1.4-2: Test requirement for Rank 1 with the assistance
of network signalling on LTE channel bandwidth

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-1   | R.P   | 20 /  | 1     | FR1   | TDLA  | 4x4,  | 70    | 10.4  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | .15-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-4.1 |       | 0.48  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1-2   | R.PD  | 20 /  | 1     | FR1   | TDLA  | 4x4,  | 70    | 10    |
|       | SCH.2 | 30    | 6QAM, | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | -28.1 |       | 0.48  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 5.2.3.2.19\_1.4-3: Test requirement for Rank 1 without the
assistance of network signalling on LTE channel bandwidth

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Refe  | Band  | Modul | TDD   | P     | C     | Refe  |       |
| num.  | rence | width | ation | UL-DL | ropag | orrel | rence |       |
|       | ch    | (MHz) | f     | pa    | ation | ation | value |       |
|       | annel | /     | ormat | ttern | cond  | m     |       |       |
|       |       | Subca | and   |       | ition | atrix |       |       |
|       |       | rrier | code  |       |       | and   |       |       |
|       |       | sp    | rate  |       |       | an    |       |       |
|       |       | acing |       |       |       | tenna |       |       |
|       |       | (kHz) |       |       |       | con   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | figur |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Fra   | SNR   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ction | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | of    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ma    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ximum |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | throu |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ghput |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 2-1   | R.P   | 20 /  | 1     | FR1   | TDLA  | 4x4,  | 70    | 10.4  |
|       | DSCH. | 15    | 6QAM, | .15-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | 1-4.2 |       | 0.48  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 2-2   | R.PD  | 20 /  | 1     | FR1   | TDLA  | 4x4,  | 70    | 10    |
|       | SCH.2 | 30    | 6QAM, | .30-1 | 30-10 | ULA   |       |       |
|       | -29.1 |       | 0.48  |       |       | Low   |       |       |
|       | TDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2.3.2.20 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH HST-SFN Scheme A performance - 2x4 MIMO for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.2.20.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-102 .H6}

To verify the UE performance in the HST-SFN Scheme A scenario.

##### 5.2.3.2.20.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-102 .H6}

This test case applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward that
support SFN scheme A for PDCCH scheduling SFN Scheme A PDSCH.

##### 5.2.3.2.20.3 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-85 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.20.3-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.2.20.3-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.20.3-1.

**Table 5.2.3.2.20.3-1: Tests purpose**

  **Purpose**                                                               **Test index**
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------
  Verify UE performance in the HST-SFN Scheme A scenario defined in B.3.5   1-1

**Table 5.2.3.2.20.3-2: Test parameters**

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| **          | **Unit**    | **Value**   |             |             |
| Parameter** |             |             |             |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| Duplex mode |             | TDD         |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Active DL   |             | 1           |             |             |
| BWP index   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDCCH       | TCI state   |             | Note 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH       | Mapping     |             | Type A      |             |
| co          | type        |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | k0          |             | 0           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Starting    |             | 2           |             |
|             | symbol (S)  |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Length (L)  |             | 12          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PDSCH       |             | 1           |             |
|             | aggregation |             |             |             |
|             | factor      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | Static      |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | 2           |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | size        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    |             | Type 0      |             |
|             | allocation  |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | RBG size    |             | Config2     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | Non-        |             |
|             | mapping     |             | interleaved |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | N/A         |             |
|             | mapping     |             |             |             |
|             | interleaver |             |             |             |
|             | bundle size |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | TCI state   |             | Note 1      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH DMRS  | DMRS Type   |             | Type 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 2           |             |
|             | additional  |             |             |             |
|             | DMRS        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Maximum     |             | 1           |             |
|             | number of   |             |             |             |
|             | OFDM        |             |             |             |
|             | symbols for |             |             |             |
|             | DL front    |             |             |             |
|             | loaded DMRS |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CSI-RS for  | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 5    |
| tracking    | set \#1     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 1  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 3       |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 9    |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 2  |
|             |             |             |             | and 4       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 1,2,3,4.    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | and 2\      |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 3  |
|             |             |             |             | and 4       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#3         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 6    |
|             | set \#2     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 5  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 7       |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 10   |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 6  |
|             |             |             |             | and 8       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 5,6,7,8.    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 5  |
|             |             |             |             | and 6\      |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 7  |
|             |             |             |             | and 8       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#4         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 4    |
|             | set \#3     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 9  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 11      |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 8    |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 10 |
|             |             |             |             | and 12      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 9,10,11,12. |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 9  |
|             |             |             |             | and 10\     |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 11 |
|             |             |             |             | and 12      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#5         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NZP CSI-RS  | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 12   |
| for CSI     | set \#4     | symbol in   |             |             |
| acquisition |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 40          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#0         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 13   |
|             | set \#5     | symbol in   |             |             |
|             |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 40          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#1         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 7    |
|             | set \#6     | symbol in   |             |             |
|             |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 40          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#2         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#0         | information | resource    |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#1\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#1         | information | resource    |             | resource 5  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#2\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#2         | information | resource    |             | resource 9  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#3\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#0     |
| \#3         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#1     |
| \#4         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#2     |
| \#5         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Number of   |             | 8           |             |             |
| HARQ        |             |             |             |             |
| Processes   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| The number  |             | Specific to |             |             |
| of slots    |             | each TDD    |             |             |
| between     |             | UL-DL       |             |             |
| PDSCH and   |             | pattern and |             |             |
| co          |             | as defined  |             |             |
| rresponding |             | in Annex    |             |             |
| HARQ-ACK    |             | A.1.2       |             |             |
| information |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Note 1: SSB |             |             |             |             |
| \# (k mod   |             |             |             |             |
| 3), CSI-RS  |             |             |             |             |
| (for        |             |             |             |             |
| tracking)   |             |             |             |             |
| resource    |             |             |             |             |
| set \# ((k  |             |             |             |             |
| mod 3) + 1) |             |             |             |             |
| and CSI-RS  |             |             |             |             |
| (for CSI    |             |             |             |             |
| a           |             |             |             |             |
| cquisition) |             |             |             |             |
| resource    |             |             |             |             |
| set \# ((k  |             |             |             |             |
| mod 3) + 4) |             |             |             |             |
| are         |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| by k^th^    |             |             |             |             |
| RRH.        |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| Codepoint   |             |             |             |             |
| \#0 is      |             |             |             |             |
| activated   |             |             |             |             |
| when UE     |             |             |             |             |
| receives    |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH/PDSCH |             |             |             |             |
| from        |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k and |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+1   |             |             |             |             |
| with TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| States TCI  |             |             |             |             |
| state \#0,  |             |             |             |             |
| TCI State   |             |             |             |             |
| \#1.        |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| Codepoint   |             |             |             |             |
| \#1 is      |             |             |             |             |
| activated   |             |             |             |             |
| when UE     |             |             |             |             |
| receives    |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH/PDSCH |             |             |             |             |
| from        |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+1   |             |             |             |             |
| and         |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+2   |             |             |             |             |
| with TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| States TCI  |             |             |             |             |
| state \#1,  |             |             |             |             |
| TCI State   |             |             |             |             |
| \#2.        |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| Codepoint   |             |             |             |             |
| \#2 is      |             |             |             |             |
| activated   |             |             |             |             |
| when UE     |             |             |             |             |
| receives    |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH/PDSCH |             |             |             |             |
| from        |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+2   |             |             |             |             |
| and         |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+3   |             |             |             |             |
| with TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| States TCI  |             |             |             |             |
| state \#2,  |             |             |             |             |
| TCI State   |             |             |             |             |
| \#0.        |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

**Table 5.2.3.2.20.3-3: Minimum performance for HST-SFN Scheme A**

  **Test num.**   **Reference channel**   **Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)**   **Modulation format and code rate**   **TDD UL-DL pattern**   **Propagation condition**   **Correlation matrix and antenna configuration**   **Reference value**                      
  --------------- ----------------------- ------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------- ----------------------- --------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- --------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        **Fraction of maximum throughput (%)**   **SNR (dB)**
  1-1             R.PDSCH.2-30.1 TDD      40 / 30                                          16QAM, 0.48                           FR1.30-1                HST-SFN Scheme A            2x4                                                70                                       10.3

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.2.20.

##### 5.2.3.2.20.4 Test description {#test-description-102 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.20.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-91 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.4
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.3.2.20.3-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.3.5.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.2.20.4.3.

##### 5.2.3.2.20.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-91 .H6}

1\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.3.2.20.5-1 as appropriate.

2\. SS is configured to transmit SSB and CSI-RS continuously and
schedule PDSCH and PDCCH transmission according to Note 1 in
5.2.3.2.20.3-2. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI
to transmit the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.3.2.20.5-1. The SS sends
downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

Note: All TCI states are known to the UE through configuration inside
RrcReconfiguration. There is no need to configure additional L1-RSRP
measurements.

3\. Send MAC CE command "Enhanced TCI States Indication for UE-specific
PDCCH MAC CE" according to the timing described in Note 1 of Table
5.2.3.2.20.3-2 to active TCI state codepoint 0, 1 or 2 for PDCCH
periodically. PDSCH is automatically associated with TCI state codepoint
0, 1 or 2 as tci-PresentInDCI is not present. TCI states 3, 4 and 5 for
SSBs are automatically activated through relation of QCL-Info in NZP
CSI-RS.

4\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.3.2.20.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-87 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2.3.2.20.4.3.1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-72 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.2.20.4.3.1-1: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                               
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------ -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment      Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                        
  prb-BundlingType CHOICE {                                                          
  staticBundling SEQUENCE {                                                          
  bundleSize                                             Not present    n2 is used   Test 1-1
  }                                                                                  
  }                                                                                  
  }                                                                                  

Table 5.2.3.2.20.4.3.1-2: DMRS-DownlinkConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-24                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  DMRS-DownlinkConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                              
  dmrs-AdditionalPosition                                pos2                     Test 1-1
  }                                                                               

Table 5.2.3.2.20.4.3.1-3: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-25                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                          
  nrofHARQ-ProcessesForPDSCH                             n8                       Test 1-1
  }                                                                               

Table 5.2.3.2.20.4.3.1-4: NZP-CSI-RS-Resource for TRS

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-8 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| NZP-            |                 |                 |           |
| CSI-RS-Resource |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| nzp-CS          | i-1 for CSI-RS  | for test 1-1    |           |
| I-RS-ResourceId | resource \#i,   |                 |           |
|                 | i=1,2,3,4,5,6   |                 |           |
|                 | ,7,8,9,10,11,12 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| qcl-Inf         | 3 for CSI-RS    | for test 1-1:   |           |
| oPeriodicCSI-RS | resource \#1,   |                 |           |
|                 | \#2, \#3, \#4   | TCI-StateId for |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-State \#3   |           |
|                 | 4 for CSI-RS    | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 | resource \#5,   | resource \#1,   |           |
|                 | \#6, \#7, \#8   | \#2, \#3, \#4   |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 5 for CSI-RS    | TCI-StateId for |           |
|                 | resource \#9,   | TCI-State \#4   |           |
|                 | \#10, \#11,     | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 | \#12            | resource \#5,   |           |
|                 |                 | \#6, \#7, \#8   |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-StateId for |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-State \#5   |           |
|                 |                 | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#9,   |           |
|                 |                 | \#10, \#11,     |           |
|                 |                 | \#12            |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.3.2.20.4.3.1-5: CSI-RS-ResourceMapping for TRS (Table
5.2.3.2.20.4.3.1-4)

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-9 |                 |                 |           |
| with condition  |                 |                 |           |
| TRS             |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CSI-RS-         |                 |                 |           |
| ResourceMapping |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| firstOFDMSym    | 5 for CSI-RS    | for test 1-1:   |           |
| bolInTimeDomain | resource \#1    |                 |           |
|                 | and \#3         | l~0~ = 5 for    |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | 9 for CSI-RS    | 1 and 3         |           |
|                 | resource \#2    |                 |           |
|                 | and \#4         | l~0~ = 9 for    |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | 6 for CSI-RS    | 2 and 4         |           |
|                 | resource \#5    |                 |           |
|                 | and \#7         | l~0~ = 6 for    |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | 10 for CSI-RS   | 5 and 7         |           |
|                 | resource \#6    |                 |           |
|                 | and \#8         | l~0~ = 10 for   |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | 4 for CSI-RS    | 6 and 8         |           |
|                 | resource \#9    |                 |           |
|                 | and \#11        | l~0~ = 4 for    |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | 8 for CSI-RS    | 9 and 11        |           |
|                 | resource \#10   |                 |           |
|                 | and \#12        | l~0~ = 8 for    |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 |                 | 10 and 12       |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.3.2.20.4.3.1-6: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Tracking (Table 5.2.3.2.20.4.3.1-4)

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-9 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CS              |                 |                 |           |
| I-ResourcePerio |                 |                 |           |
| dicityAndOffset |                 |                 |           |
| ::= CHOICE {    |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| slots20         | 1 for CSI-RS    | For test 1-1:   |           |
|                 | resource \#1,   |                 |           |
|                 | \#2, \#5, \#6,  | periodicity:    |           |
|                 | \#9, \#10       |                 |           |
|                 |                 | 20 slots.       |           |
|                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |                 |           |
|                 | resource \#3    | offset:         |           |
|                 | \#4, \#7, \#8,  |                 |           |
|                 | \#11, \#12      | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 1 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 2\              |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 3 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 4               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 5 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 6\              |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 7 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 8               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 9 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 10\             |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 11 and |           |
|                 |                 | 12              |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.3.2.20.4.3.1-7: NZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet for TRS

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 5.4.2.0-12     |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-       |                |                |                |
| RS-ResourceSet |                |                |                |
| ::= SEQUENCE { |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp\_CSI\      | 0 for Resource | For test 1-1   |                |
| _ResourceSetId | set \#1        |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 1 for Resource |                |                |
|                | set \#2        |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 2 for Resource |                |                |
|                | set \#3        |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 4 entries      | For test 1-1   | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#1            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 0              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#1   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 1              | entry 2        |                |
| esourceId\[2\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#2   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 2              | entry 3        |                |
| esourceId\[3\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#3   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 3              | entry 4        |                |
| esourceId\[4\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#4   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 4 entries      | For test 1-1   | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#2            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 4              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#5   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 5              | entry 2        |                |
| esourceId\[2\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#6   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 6              | entry 3        |                |
| esourceId\[3\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#7   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 7              | entry 4        |                |
| esourceId\[4\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#8   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 4 entries      | For test 1-1   | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#3            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 8              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#9   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 9              | entry 2        |                |
| esourceId\[2\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#10  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 10             | entry 3        |                |
| esourceId\[3\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#11  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 11             | entry 4        |                |
| esourceId\[4\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#12  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| trs-Info       | true           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.3.2.20.4.3.1-8: NZP-CSI-RS-Resource for CSI Acquisition

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table           |                 |                 |           |
| 5.4.2.0-14      |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| NZP-            |                 |                 |           |
| CSI-RS-Resource |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| nzp-CS          | 12 for CSI-RS   | for test 1-1    |           |
| I-RS-ResourceId | resource \#13   |                 |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 13 for CSI-RS   |                 |           |
|                 | resource \#14   |                 |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 14 for CSI-RS   |                 |           |
|                 | resource \#15   |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| qcl-Inf         | 0 for CSI-RS    | for test 1-1:   |           |
| oPeriodicCSI-RS | resource \#13   |                 |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-State \#0   |           |
|                 | 1 for CSI-RS    | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 | resource \#14   | resource \#13   |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 2 for CSI-RS    | TCI-State \#1   |           |
|                 | resource \#15   | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#14   |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-State \#2   |           |
|                 |                 | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#15   |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.3.2.20.4.3.1-9: CSI-RS-ResourceMapping for CSI Acquisition
(Table 5.2.3.2.20.4.3.1-8)

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table           |                 |                 |           |
| 5.4.2.0-15      |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CSI-RS-         |                 |                 |           |
| ResourceMapping |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| firstOFDMSym    | 12 for CSI-RS   | for test 1-1    |           |
| bolInTimeDomain | resource \#13   |                 |           |
|                 |                 | l0=12 for       |           |
|                 | 13 for CSI-RS   | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | resource \#14   | \#13            |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 7 for CSI-RS    | l0=13 for       |           |
|                 | resource \#15   | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 |                 | \#14            |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | l0=7 for CSI-RS |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#15   |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.3.2.20.4.3.1-10: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Acquisition (Table 5.2.3.2.20.4.3.1-8)

+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| Derivation Path:  |              |                   |           |
| TS 38.508-1       |              |                   |           |
| \[6\], Table      |              |                   |           |
| 5.4.2.0-16        |              |                   |           |
+===================+==============+===================+===========+
| Information       | Value/remark | Comment           | Condition |
| Element           |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| CSI-ResourcePer   |              |                   |           |
| iodicityAndOffset |              |                   |           |
| ::= CHOICE {      |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| slots40           | 0            | For test 1-1      |           |
|                   |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | periodicity = 40  |           |
|                   |              | slots.            |           |
|                   |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | offset = 0 slots  |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| }                 |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+

Table 5.2.3.2.20.4.3.1-11: NZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet for CSI Acquisition

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 5.4.2.0-18     |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-       |                |                |                |
| RS-ResourceSet |                |                |                |
| ::= SEQUENCE { |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp\_CSI\      | 3 for Resource | For test 1-1   |                |
| _ResourceSetId | set \#4        |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 4 for Resource |                |                |
|                | set \#5        |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 5 for Resource |                |                |
|                | set \#6        |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 1 entry        | For test 1-1   | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#4            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 12             | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#13  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 1 entry        | For test 1-1   | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#5            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 13             | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#14  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 1 entry        | For test 1-1   | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#5            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 14             | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#15  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2.3.2.20.4.3.1-12: *TCI-State*

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 4.6.3-190      |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| TCI-State ::=  |                |                |                |
| SEQUENCE {     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| tci-StateId    | 0 for TCI      | For test 1-1   |                |
|                | state \#0      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 1 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#1      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 2 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#2      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 3 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#3      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 4 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#4      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 5 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#5      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| qcl-Type1      |                |                |                |
| SEQUENCE {     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| bwp-Id         | BWP-Id of      |                | TCI state \#0, |
|                | active BWP     |                | TCI state \#1, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#2  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Not present    |                | TCI state \#3, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#4, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#5  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| r              |                |                |                |
| eferenceSignal |                |                |                |
| CHOICE {       |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| csi-rs         | 0              | CSI-RS         | TCI state \#0  |
|                |                | resource \#1   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 4              | CSI-RS         | TCI state \#1  |
|                |                | resource \#5   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 8              | CSI-RS         | TCI state \#2  |
|                |                | resource \#9   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| ssb            | 0              | SSB \#0        | TCI state \#3  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 1              | SSB \#1        | TCI state \#4  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 2              | SSB \#2        | TCI state \#5  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| qcl-Type       | typeA          |                | TCI state \#0, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#1, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#2  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | typeC          |                | TCI state \#3, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#4, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#5  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

##### 5.2.3.2.20.4.3.2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-66 .H6}

Same as 5.2.3.2.20.4.3.1.

##### 5.2.3.2.20.5 Test Requirement {#test-requirement-95 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.2.20.3-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A.3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.2.20.5-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.2.20.5-1: Test Requirements for HST-SFN Scheme A

  **Test num.**   **Reference channel**   **Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)**   **Modulation format and code rate**   **TDD UL-DL pattern**   **Propagation condition**   **Correlation matrix and antenna configuration**   **Reference value**                      
  --------------- ----------------------- ------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------- ----------------------- --------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- --------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        **Fraction of maximum throughput (%)**   **SNR (dB)**
  1-1             R.PDSCH.2-30.1 TDD      40 / 30                                          16QAM, 0.48                           FR1.30-1                HST-SFN Scheme A            2x4                                                70                                       10.9

##### 5.2.3.2.21 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH HST-SFN Scheme B performance - 2x4 MIMO for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2.3.2.21.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-103 .H6}

To verify the UE performance in the HST-SFN Scheme B scenario.

##### 5.2.3.2.21.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-103 .H6}

This test case applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward that
support SFN scheme B for PDCCH scheduling SFN Scheme B PDSCH.

##### 5.2.3.2.21.3 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-86 .H6}

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.21.3-3, with
the addition of test parameters in Table 5.2.3.2.21.3-2 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.21.3-1.

**Table 5.2.3.2.21.3-1: Tests purpose**

  **Purpose**                                                               **Test index**
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------
  Verify UE performance in the HST-SFN Scheme B scenario defined in B.3.6   1-1

**Table 5.2.3.2.21.3-2: Test parameters**

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| **          | **Unit**    | **Value**   |             |             |
| Parameter** |             |             |             |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| Duplex mode |             | TDD         |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Active DL   |             | 1           |             |             |
| BWP index   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDCCH       | TCI state   |             | Note 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH       | Mapping     |             | Type A      |             |
| co          | type        |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | k0          |             | 0           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Starting    |             | 2           |             |
|             | symbol (S)  |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Length (L)  |             | Specific to |             |
|             |             |             | each        |             |
|             |             |             | Reference   |             |
|             |             |             | channel     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PDSCH       |             | 1           |             |
|             | aggregation |             |             |             |
|             | factor      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | Static      |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | 2           |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | size        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    |             | Type 0      |             |
|             | allocation  |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | RBG size    |             | Config2     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | Non-        |             |
|             | mapping     |             | interleaved |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | N/A         |             |
|             | mapping     |             |             |             |
|             | interleaver |             |             |             |
|             | bundle size |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | TCI state   |             | Note 1      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH DMRS  | DMRS Type   |             | Type 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 2           |             |
|             | additional  |             |             |             |
|             | DMRS        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Maximum     |             | 1           |             |
|             | number of   |             |             |             |
|             | OFDM        |             |             |             |
|             | symbols for |             |             |             |
|             | DL front    |             |             |             |
|             | loaded DMRS |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CSI-RS for  | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 5    |
| tracking    | set \#1     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 1  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 3       |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 9    |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 2  |
|             |             |             |             | and 4       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 1,2,3,4.    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | and 2\      |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 3  |
|             |             |             |             | and 4       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#3         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | Frequency   |             | Start PRB 0 |
|             |             | Occupation  |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             |             | Number of   |
|             |             |             |             | PRB = 52    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 6    |
|             | set \#2     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 5  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 7       |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 10   |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 6  |
|             |             |             |             | and 8       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 5,6,7,8.    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 5  |
|             |             |             |             | and 6\      |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 7  |
|             |             |             |             | and 8       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#4         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | Frequency   |             | Start PRB 0 |
|             |             | Occupation  |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             |             | Number of   |
|             |             |             |             | PRB = 52    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 4    |
|             | set \#3     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 9  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 11      |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 8    |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 10 |
|             |             |             |             | and 12      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 20 for      |
|             |             | periodicity |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 9,10,11,12. |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 9  |
|             |             |             |             | and 10\     |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 11 |
|             |             |             |             | and 12      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#5         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | Frequency   |             | Start PRB 0 |
|             |             | Occupation  |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             |             | Number of   |
|             |             |             |             | PRB = 52    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NZP CSI-RS  | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 12   |
| for CSI     | set \#4     | symbol in   |             |             |
| acquisition |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 40          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#0         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 13   |
|             | set \#5     | symbol in   |             |             |
|             |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 40          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#1         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 7    |
|             | set \#6     | symbol in   |             |             |
|             |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 40          |
|             |             | periodicity |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#2         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#0         | information | resource    |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#1\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#1         | information | resource    |             | resource 5  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#2\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#2         | information | resource    |             | resource 9  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#3\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#0     |
| \#3         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#1     |
| \#4         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#2     |
| \#5         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Number of   |             | 8           |             |             |
| HARQ        |             |             |             |             |
| Processes   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| The number  |             | Specific to |             |             |
| of slots    |             | each TDD    |             |             |
| between     |             | UL-DL       |             |             |
| PDSCH and   |             | pattern and |             |             |
| co          |             | as defined  |             |             |
| rresponding |             | in Annex    |             |             |
| HARQ-ACK    |             | A.1.2       |             |             |
| information |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Note 1: SSB |             |             |             |             |
| \# (k mod   |             |             |             |             |
| 3), CSI-RS  |             |             |             |             |
| (for        |             |             |             |             |
| tracking)   |             |             |             |             |
| resource    |             |             |             |             |
| set \# ((k  |             |             |             |             |
| mod 3) + 1) |             |             |             |             |
| and CSI-RS  |             |             |             |             |
| (for CSI    |             |             |             |             |
| a           |             |             |             |             |
| cquisition) |             |             |             |             |
| resource    |             |             |             |             |
| set \# ((k  |             |             |             |             |
| mod 3) + 4) |             |             |             |             |
| are         |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| by k^th^    |             |             |             |             |
| RRH.\       |             |             |             |             |
| C           |             |             |             |             |
| odepoint\#0 |             |             |             |             |
| {TCI state  |             |             |             |             |
| \#0, TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| State \#1}  |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| activated   |             |             |             |             |
| when UE     |             |             |             |             |
| receives    |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH/PDSCH |             |             |             |             |
| from        |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k and |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+1.\ |             |             |             |             |
| C           |             |             |             |             |
| odepoint\#1 |             |             |             |             |
| {TCI state  |             |             |             |             |
| \#1, TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| State \#2}  |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| activated   |             |             |             |             |
| when UE     |             |             |             |             |
| receives    |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH/PDSCH |             |             |             |             |
| from        |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+1   |             |             |             |             |
| and         |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+2.\ |             |             |             |             |
| C           |             |             |             |             |
| odepoint\#2 |             |             |             |             |
| {TCI state  |             |             |             |             |
| \#2, TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| State \#0}  |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| activated   |             |             |             |             |
| when UE     |             |             |             |             |
| receives    |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH/PDSCH |             |             |             |             |
| from        |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+2   |             |             |             |             |
| and         |             |             |             |             |
| RRH\#3k+3.\ |             |             |             |             |
| The second  |             |             |             |             |
| indicated   |             |             |             |             |
| TCI state   |             |             |             |             |
| in each     |             |             |             |             |
| codepoint   |             |             |             |             |
| is not used |             |             |             |             |
| for quasi   |             |             |             |             |
| co-location |             |             |             |             |
| parameters  |             |             |             |             |
| {Doppler    |             |             |             |             |
| shift,      |             |             |             |             |
| Doppler     |             |             |             |             |
| spread}.    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

**Table 5.2.3.2.21.3-3: Minimum performance for HST-SFN Scheme B**

  **Test num.**   **Reference channel**   **Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)**   **Modulation format and code rate**   **TDD UL-DL pattern**   **Propagation condition**   **Correlation matrix and antenna configuration**   **Reference value**                      
  --------------- ----------------------- ------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------- ----------------------- --------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- --------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        **Fraction of maximum throughput (%)**   **SNR (dB)**
  1-1             R.PDSCH.2-30.1 TDD      40/30                                            16QAM, 0.48                           FR1.30-1                HST-SFN-SchemeB             2x4                                                70                                       9.3

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2.3.2.21.

##### 5.2.3.2.21.4 Test description {#test-description-103 .H6}

##### 5.2.3.2.21.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-92 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.4
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2.3.2.21.3-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.3.6.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.3.2.21.4.3.

##### 5.2.3.2.21.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-92 .H6}

1\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.3.2.21.5-1 as appropriate.

2\. SS is configured to transmit SSB and CSI-RS continuously and
schedule PDSCH and PDCCH transmission according to Note 1 in
5.2.3.2.21.3-2. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI
to transmit the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2.3.2.21.5-1. The SS sends
downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

Note: All TCI states are known to the UE through configuration inside
RrcReconfiguration. There is no need to configure additional L1-RSRP
measurements.

3\. Send MAC CE command "Enhanced TCI States Indication for UE-specific
PDCCH MAC CE" according to the timing described in Note 1 of table
5.2.3.2.21.5-1 to active TCI state codepoint 0, 1 or 2 for PDCCH
periodically. PDSCH is automatically associated with TCI state codepoint
0, 1 or 2 as tci-PresentInDCI is not present. TCI states 3, 4 and 5 for
SSBs are automatically activated through relation of QCL-Info in NZP
CSI-RS.

4\. Measure the average throughput for a duration sufficient to achieve
statistical significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each subtest and
decide pass or fail according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G clause G.1.5.

##### 5.2.3.2.21.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-88 .H6}

Same message contents as in 5.2.3.2.20.4.3.

##### 5.2.3.2.21.5 Test Requirement {#test-requirement-96 .H6}

Table 5.2.3.2.21.3-3 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.2.21.5-1 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.2.3.2.21.5-1: Test Requirements for HST-SFN Scheme B

  **Test num.**   **Reference channel**   **Bandwidth (MHz) / Subcarrier spacing (kHz)**   **Modulation format and code rate**   **TDD UL-DL pattern**   **Propagation condition**   **Correlation matrix and antenna configuration**   **Reference value**                      
  --------------- ----------------------- ------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------- ----------------------- --------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- --------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        **Fraction of maximum throughput (%)**   **SNR (dB)**
  1-1             R.PDSCH.2-30.1 TDD      40/30                                            16QAM, 0.48                           FR1.30-1                HST-SFN-SchemeB             2x4                                                70                                       9.9

5.2A PDSCH demodulation requirements for CA
-------------------------------------------

The parameters specified in Table 5.2-1 for PDSCH single carrier tests
are reused for PDSCH CA tests unless otherwise stated.

Table 5.2A-1: Common test parameters for CA

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Parameter      | Unit           | Value          |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Duplex mode    |                | FDD and TDD    |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Active DL BWP  |                | 1              |                |
| index          |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH          | Mapping type   |                | Type A         |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | k0             |                | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Starting       |                | 2              |
|                | symbol (S)     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Length (L)     |                | FDD: 12        |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | TDD: Specific  |
|                |                |                | to each        |
|                |                |                | Reference      |
|                |                |                | channel        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PDSCH          |                | 1              |
|                | aggregation    |                |                |
|                | factor         |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | Static         |
|                | type           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | 2              |
|                | size           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Resource       |                | Type 0         |
|                | allocation     |                |                |
|                | type           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | RBG size       |                | Config2        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N              |
|                | mapping type   |                | on-interleaved |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N/A            |
|                | mapping        |                |                |
|                | interleaver    |                |                |
|                | bundle size    |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH DMRS     | DMRS Type      |                | Type 1         |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Number of      |                | 1              |
|                | additional     |                |                |
|                | DMRS           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Maximum number |                | 1              |
|                | of OFDM        |                |                |
|                | symbols for DL |                |                |
|                | front loaded   |                |                |
|                | DMRS           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Number of HARQ |                | As defined in  |                |
| Processes      |                | Table 5.2A-2   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| TDD UL-DL      |                | 15kHz SCS:     |                |
| pattern        |                | FR1.15-1       |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                | 30kHz SCS:     |                |
|                |                | FR1.30-1       |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| The number of  |                | As defined in  |                |
| slots between  |                | Table 5.2A-3   |                |
| PDSCH and      |                |                |                |
| corresponding  |                |                |                |
| HARQ-ACK       |                |                |                |
| information    |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PUCCH format   |                | PUCCH format 1 |                |
| for HARQ-ACK   |                | for cases      |                |
| feedback       |                | where the      |                |
|                |                | number of      |                |
|                |                | ACK/NACK to be |                |
|                |                | transmitted on |                |
|                |                | single PUCCH   |                |
|                |                | is 2 or less.  |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                | PUCCH format 3 |                |
|                |                | for cases      |                |
|                |                | where the      |                |
|                |                | number of      |                |
|                |                | ACK/NACK to be |                |
|                |                | transmitted on |                |
|                |                | single PUCCH   |                |
|                |                | is more than   |                |
|                |                | 2.             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2A-2: Test parameters for number of HARQ processes

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  HARQ process number   CCs with the same duplex mode & SCS with Pcell   CCs with different duplex mode / SCS with Pcell   
  --------------------- ------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------------------- -----
  FDD 15 kHz +\         FDD PCell                                        4                                                 8
  TDD 30 kHz CA                                                                                                            

                        TDD PCell                                        10                                                8

  FDD 15 kHz +\         FDD PCell                                        4                                                 4
  TDD 15 kHz CA                                                                                                            

                        TDD PCell                                        8                                                 8

  TDD 15 kHz +\         15kHz PCell                                      8                                                 12
  TDD 30 kHz CA                                                                                                            

                        30kHz PCell                                      8                                                 8

  FDD 15 kHz +\         FDD PCell                                        4                                                 N/A
  FDD 15 kHz CA                                                                                                            

  TDD 30 kHz +\         TDD PCell                                        8                                                 N/A
  TDD 30 kHz CA                                                                                                            
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table 5.2A-3: Test parameters for K1 values

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  The number of slots between PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information   CCs with the same duplex mode and SCS with Pcell   CCs with different duplex mode and/or SCS with Pcell   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------ -------------------
  FDD 15 kHz +\                                                              FDD PCell                                          {2}                                                    {2}
  TDD 30 kHz CA                                                                                                                                                                        

                                                                             TDD PCell                                          {8,7,6,5,5,4,3,11}                                     {7,5,4,11,9}

  FDD 15 kHz +\                                                              FDD PCell                                          {2}                                                    {2}
  TDD 15 kHz CA                                                                                                                                                                        

                                                                             TDD PCell                                          {4,3,2,6}                                              {4,3,2,6,5}

  TDD 15 kHz +\                                                              15kHz PCell                                        {4,3,2,6}                                              {4,4,3,3,2,2,6,6}
  TDD 30 kHz CA                                                                                                                                                                        

                                                                             30kHz PCell                                        {8,7,6,5,5,4,3,2}                                      {7,5,4,11}

  FDD 15 kHz +\                                                              FDD PCell                                          {2}                                                    N/A
  FDD 15 kHz CA                                                                                                                                                                        

  TDD 30 kHz +\                                                              TDD PCell                                          {8,7,6,5,5,4,3,2}                                      N/A
  TDD 30 kHz CA                                                                                                                                                                        
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### 5.2A.1 1RX requirements (Void)

### 5.2A.2 2RX requirements

#### 5.2A.2.1 Requirements for 2RX normal PDSCH

##### 5.2A.2.1.0 Minimum conformance requirements for 2RX normal PDSCH

For CA with different numbers of DL component carriers, the requirements
are defined in Table 5.2A.2.1.0-4 based on the single carrier
requirements for different SCSs and different bandwidth specified in
Table 5.2A.2.1.0-1 to Table 5.2A.2.1.0-3, with the parameters in Table
5.2A-1 to Table 5.2A-3 and the downlink physical channel setup according
to Annex C.2.1. The performance requirements specified in this
sub-clause do not apply for UE single carrier test.

Table 5.2A.2.1.0-1: Single carrier performance for FDD 15 kHz SCS for CA
configurations

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                  Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.1-9.1 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   13.6
  10                R.PDSCH.1-2.2 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   13.6
  15                R.PDSCH.1-9.2 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   13.6
  20                R.PDSCH.1-9.3 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   13.8
  25                R.PDSCH.1-9.4 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.0
  30                R.PDSCH.1-9.5 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   13.8
  40                R.PDSCH.1-10.1 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.0
  50                R.PDSCH.1-10.2 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.4

Table 5.2A.2.1.0-2: Single carrier performance for TDD 15 kHz SCS for CA
configurations

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- ------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                 Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.1-2.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   13.6
  10                R.PDSCH.1-2.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   13.8
  15                R.PDSCH.1-2.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   13.8
  20                R.PDSCH.1-2.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   13.9
  25                R.PDSCH.1-2.5 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.0
  30                R.PDSCH.1-3.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   13.9
  40                R.PDSCH.1-3.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.2
  50                R.PDSCH.1-3.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.5

Table 5.2A.2.1.0-3: Single carrier performance for TDD 30 kHz SCS for CA
configurations

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                  Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.2-13.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   13.6
  10                R.PDSCH.2-13.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   13.6
  15                R.PDSCH.2-13.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   13.6
  20                R.PDSCH.2-13.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   13.7
  25                R.PDSCH.2-13.5 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   13.7
  30                R.PDSCH.2-14.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   13.7
  40                R.PDSCH.2-2.2 TDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   13.9
  50                R.PDSCH.2-14.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.1
  60                R.PDSCH.2-14.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.0
  80                R.PDSCH.2-14.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.5
  90                R.PDSCH.2-14.5 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.3
  100               R.PDSCH.2-15.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.7

Table 5.2A.2.1.0-4: Minimum performance for multiple CA configurations

  Test number                                                                                                                                              CA duplex mode            Minimum performance requirements
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------
  1                                                                                                                                                        FDD 15 kHz + FDD 15 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.2.1.0-1
  2                                                                                                                                                        TDD 30 kHz + TDD 30 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.2.1.0-3
  3                                                                                                                                                        FDD 15 kHz + TDD 30 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.2.1.0-1 and Table 5.2A.2.1.0-3 per CC
  4                                                                                                                                                        FDD 15 kHz + TDD 15 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.2.1.0-1 and Table 5.2A.2.1.0-2 per CC
  5                                                                                                                                                        TDD 15 kHz + TDD 30 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.2.1.0-2 and Table 5.2A.2.1.0-3 per CC
  Note 1: The applicability of requirements for different CA duplex modes, SCSs, CA configurations and bandwidth combination sets is defined in 5.1.1.5.                             

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2A.2.1.

##### 5.2A.2.1.1 2Rx Normal PDSCH Demodulation Performance for CA (2DL CA) for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2A.2.1.1.1 Test Purpose {#a.2.1.1.1-test-purpose .H6}

To verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 2 receive
antenna conditions for multiple CA configurations and with different
channel models, MCSs and number of MIMO layers for a specified downlink
Reference Measurement Channel (RMC) to achieve a certain throughput per
CC.

##### 5.2A.2.1.1.2 Test applicability {#a.2.1.1.2-test-applicability .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward that
supports 2DL CA.

This test also applies to all types of UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC with 2 NR CC.

##### 5.2A.2.1.1.3 Test description {#a.2.1.1.3-test-description .H6}

##### 5.2A.2.1.1.3.1 Initial conditions {#a.2.1.1.3.1-initial-conditions .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

Channel BW to be tested: largest aggregated bandwidth combination as per
Table 5.1.1.5.2-2.

CA capability to be tested: As per table 5.1.1.5.2-1

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

Table 5.2A.2.1.1.3.1-1: Test point selection table

+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Test number          | CA duplex mode       | Configuration        |
+======================+======================+======================+
| 1                    | FDD 15 kHz + FDD 15  | As defined in Table  |
|                      | kHz                  | 5.2A.2.1.0-1         |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| 2                    | TDD 30 kHz + TDD 30  | As defined in Table  |
|                      | kHz                  | 5.2A.2.1.0-3         |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| 3                    | FDD 15 kHz + TDD 30  | As defined in Table  |
|                      | kHz                  | 5.2A.2.1.0-1 and     |
|                      |                      | Table 5.2A.2.1.0-3   |
|                      |                      | per CC               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| 4 (note 2)           | FDD 15 kHz + TDD 15  | As defined in Table  |
|                      | kHz                  | 5.2A.2.1.0-1 and     |
|                      |                      | Table 5.2A.2.1.0-2   |
|                      |                      | per CC               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| 5 (note 3)           | TDD 15 kHz + TDD 30  | As defined in Table  |
|                      | kHz                  | 5.2A.2.1.0-2 and     |
|                      |                      | Table 5.2A.2.1.0-3   |
|                      |                      | per CC               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Note 1: For each     |                      |                      |
| test point, select   |                      |                      |
| any one of the CA    |                      |                      |
| configurations which |                      |                      |
| contain CA bandwidth |                      |                      |
| combination with the |                      |                      |
| largest aggregated   |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidth    |                      |                      |
| and supported        |                      |                      |
| maximum data rate    |                      |                      |
| based on the         |                      |                      |
| equation             |                      |                      |
| $\text{Data          |                      |                      |
| Rate} = 10^{- 3}\sum |                      |                      |
| _{j = 1}^{J}{\text{T |                      |                      |
| BS}_{j}2^{\mu_{j}}}$ |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 2: Test point 4 |                      |                      |
| can be skipped if    |                      |                      |
| test point 3 is      |                      |                      |
| verified.            |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 3: Test point 5 |                      |                      |
| can be skipped if    |                      |                      |
| test point 2 is      |                      |                      |
| verified.            |                      |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.6
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.6 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2A-1 to Table 5.2A-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.1.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode On* for EN-DC according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2A.2.1.1.3.3.

##### 5.2A.2.1.1.3.2 Test procedure {#a.2.1.1.3.2-test-procedure .H6}

1\. Configure SCC according to Annex C.0, C.1 and C.2 for all downlink
physical channels.

2\. The SS shall configure SCC as per TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 5.5.1.
Message contents are defined in clause 5.2 A.2.1.1.3.3.

3\. SS activates SCC by sending the activation MAC-CE (Refer TS 38.321
\[24\], clauses 5.9, 6.1.3.10). Wait for at least 1 second (Refer TS
38.133\[25\], clause9.3).

4\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2A.2.1.0-1 to 5.2A.2.1.0-4 as
appropriate on both PCC and SCC. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits
on the DL RMC.

5\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2A.2.1.0-1 to 5.2A.2.1.0-4 as appropriate on both PCC and SCC.

6\. Measure the average throughput on each component carrier
simultaneously for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G.1.5. Count the number of NACKs, ACKs
and statDTXs on the UL and decide pass or fail according to Table
G.1.5-1 in Annex G.1.5.

7\. Repeat steps from 1 to 6 for each test points in Table 5.2A.2.1.0-4
as appropriate.

##### 5.2A.2.1.1.3.3 Message contents {#a.2.1.1.3.3-message-contents .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2A.2.1.1.4 Test Requirement {#a.2.1.1.4-test-requirement .H6}

Tables 5.2A.2.1.1.4-1, 5.2A.2.1.1.4-2 and 5.2A.2.1.1.4-3 define the
primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 and A.3.2.2 for each
component carrier for throughput test point combination shall meet or
exceed the specified value in Table 5.2A.2.1.1.4-1, 5.2A.2.1.1.4-2 and
5.2A.2.1.1.4-3 for the specified SNR including test tolerances for the
test points listed in Table 5.2A.2.1.1.3.1-1.

Table 5.2A.2.1.1.4-1: Test requirements for FDD 15 kHz SCS for CA
configurations

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                  Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.1-9.1 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.6
  10                R.PDSCH.1-2.2 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.6
  15                R.PDSCH.1-9.2 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.6
  20                R.PDSCH.1-9.3 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.8
  25                R.PDSCH.1-9.4 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.0
  30                R.PDSCH.1-9.5 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.8
  40                R.PDSCH.1-10.1 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.0
  50                R.PDSCH.1-10.2 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.4

Table 5.2A.2.1.1.4-2: Test requirements for TDD 15 kHz SCS for CA
configurations

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- ------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                 Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.1-2.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.6
  10                R.PDSCH.1-2.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.8
  15                R.PDSCH.1-2.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.8
  20                R.PDSCH.1-2.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.9
  25                R.PDSCH.1-2.5 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.0
  30                R.PDSCH.1-3.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.9
  40                R.PDSCH.1-3.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.2
  50                R.PDSCH.1-3.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.5

Table 5.2A.2.1.1.4-3: Test requirements for TDD 30 kHz SCS for CA
configurations

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                  Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.2-13.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.6
  10                R.PDSCH.2-13.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.6
  15                R.PDSCH.2-13.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.6
  20                R.PDSCH.2-13.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.7
  25                R.PDSCH.2-13.5 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.7
  30                R.PDSCH.2-14.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.7
  40                R.PDSCH.2-2.2 TDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.9
  50                R.PDSCH.2-14.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.1
  60                R.PDSCH.2-14.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.0
  80                R.PDSCH.2-14.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.5
  90                R.PDSCH.2-14.5 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.3
  100               R.PDSCH.2-15.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.7

##### 5.2A.2.1.2 2Rx Normal PDSCH Demodulation Performance for CA (3DL CA) for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2A.2.1.2.1 Test Purpose {#a.2.1.2.1-test-purpose .H6}

Same as 5.2A.2.1.1

##### 5.2A.2.1.2.2 Test applicability {#a.2.1.2.2-test-applicability .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward that
supports 3DL CA.

This test also applies to all types of UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC with 3 NR CC.

##### 5.2A.2.1.2.3 Test description {#a.2.1.2.3-test-description .H6}

##### 5.2A.2.1.2.3.1 Initial conditions {#a.2.1.2.3.1-initial-conditions .H6}

Same as 5.2A.2.1.1.3.1

##### 5.2A.2.1.2.3.2 Test procedure {#a.2.1.2.3.2-test-procedure .H6}

1\. Configure SCC according to Annex C.0, C.1 and C.2 for all downlink
physical channels.

2\. The SS shall configure SCCs as per TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 5.5.1.
Message contents are defined in clause 5.2 A.2.1.2.3.3.

3\. SS activates SCC by sending the activation MAC-CE (Refer TS 38.321
\[24\], clauses 5.9, 6.1.3.10). Wait for at least 1 second (Refer TS
38.133\[25\], clause9.3).

4\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2A.2.1.0-1 to 5.2A.2.1.0-4 as
appropriate on both PCC and SCCs. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits
on the DL RMC.

5\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2A.2.1.0-1 to 5.2A.2.1.0-4 as appropriate on both PCC and SCCs.

6\. Measure the average throughput on each component carrier
simultaneously for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G.1.5. Count the number of NACKs, ACKs
and statDTXs on the UL and decide pass or fail according to Table
G.1.5-1 in Annex G.1.5.

7\. Repeat steps from 1 to 6 for each test points in Table 5.2A.2.1.0-4
as appropriate.

##### 5.2A.2.1.2.3.3 Message contents {#a.2.1.2.3.3-message-contents .H6}

Same as 5.2A.2.1.1.3.3.

##### 5.2A.2.1.2.4 Test Requirement {#a.2.1.2.4-test-requirement .H6}

Same as 5.2A.2.1.1.4 evaluated per component carrier.

##### 5.2A.2.1.3 2Rx Normal PDSCH Demodulation Performance for CA (4DL CA) for both SA and NSA

##### 5.2A.2.1.3.1 Test Purpose {#a.2.1.3.1-test-purpose .H6}

Same as 5.2A.2.1.1

##### 5.2A.2.1.3.2 Test applicability {#a.2.1.3.2-test-applicability .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward that
supports 4DL CA.

This test also applies to all types of UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC with 4 NR CC.

##### 5.2A.2.1.3.3 Test description {#a.2.1.3.3-test-description .H6}

##### 5.2A.2.1.3.3.1 Initial conditions {#a.2.1.3.3.1-initial-conditions .H6}

Same as 5.2A.2.1.1.3.1

##### 5.2A.2.1.3.3.2 Test procedure {#a.2.1.3.3.2-test-procedure .H6}

1\. Configure SCC according to Annex C.0, C.1 and C.2 for all downlink
physical channels.

2\. The SS shall configure SCCs as per TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 5.5.1.
Message contents are defined in clause 5.2 A.2.1.3.3.3.

3\. SS activates SCC by sending the activation MAC-CE (Refer TS 38.321
\[24\], clauses 5.9, 6.1.3.10). Wait for at least 1 second (Refer TS
38.133\[25\], clause9.3).

4\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2A.2.1.0-1 to 5.2A.2.1.0-4 as
appropriate on both PCC and SCCs. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits
on the DL RMC.

5\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2A.2.1.0-1 to 5.2A.2.1.0-4 as appropriate on both PCC and SCCs.

6\. Measure the average throughput on each component carrier
simultaneously for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G.1.5. Count the number of NACKs, ACKs
and statDTXs on the UL and decide pass or fail according to Table
G.1.5-1 in Annex G.1.5.

7\. Repeat steps from 1 to 6 for each test points in Table 5.2A.2.1.0-4
as appropriate.

##### 5.2A.2.1.3.3.3 Message contents {#a.2.1.3.3.3-message-contents .H6}

Same as 5.2A.2.1.1.3.3.

##### 5.2A.2.1.3.4 Test Requirement {#a.2.1.3.4-test-requirement .H6}

Same as 5.2A.2.1.1.4 evaluated per component carrier.

#### 5.2A.2.2 Requirements for 2RX PDSCH carrier aggregation with power imbalance

##### 5.2A.2.2.0 Minimum conformance requirements for 2RX PDSCH CA with power imbalance

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2A.2.2.0-3 and
Table 5.2A.2.2.0-4, with the addition of test parameters in Table
5.2A.2.2.0-2 and the downlink physical channel setup according to Annex
C.2.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2A.2.2.0-1.

Table 5.2A.2.2.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Test index
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the ability of an intra-band adjacent carrier aggregation UE to demodulate the signal transmitted by the PCell or SCell in the presence of a stronger SCell or PCell signal on an adjacent frequency. Throughput is measured on the PCell or SCell only   

Table 5.2A.2.2.0-2: Test parameters

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Parameter      | Unit           | Value          |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Duplex mode    |                | FDD and TDD    |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Active DL BWP  |                | 1              |                |
| index          |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Propagation    |                | Static         |                |
| condition      |                | propagation    |                |
|                |                | condition      |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                | No external    |                |
|                |                | noise sources  |                |
|                |                | are applied    |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Antenna        |                | 1x2            |                |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH          | Length (L)     |                | FDD: 12TDD: 12 |
| configuration  |                |                | for DL slot, 4 |
|                |                |                | for special    |
|                |                |                | slot           |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | WB             |
|                | size           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Modulation and |                | 64QAM, MCS 26  |                |
| code rate      |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Number of HARQ |                | FDD: 4         |                |
| Processes      |                |                |                |
|                |                | TDD: 8         |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Maximum number |                | 1              |                |
| of HARQ        |                |                |                |
| transmission   |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Redundancy     |                | {0}            |                |
| version coding |                |                |                |
| sequence       |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| TDD UL-DL      |                | 30kHz SCS:     |                |
| pattern        |                | FR1.30-1       |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| The number of  |                | As defined in  |                |
| slots between  |                | Table A.1.2-2  |                |
| PDSCH and      |                | for FR1.30-1   |                |
| corresponding  |                |                |                |
| HARQ-ACK       |                |                |                |
| information    |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PUCCH format   |                | PUCCH format 1 |                |
| for HARQ-ACK   |                |                |                |
| feedback       |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Overhead for   |                | 0              |                |
| TBS            |                |                |                |
| determination  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| SSB            |                | Slot\#0 with   |                |
| transmission   |                | periodicity    |                |
|                |                | 20ms           |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| RB assignment  |                | Full           |                |
|                |                | applicable     |                |
|                |                | test bandwidth |                |
|                |                | as defined in  |                |
|                |                | Table 5.3.5-1  |                |
|                |                | of TS 38.101-1 |                |
|                |                | \[2\]          |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2A.2.2.0-3: Minimum performance for FDD CA with 15 kHz SCS

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Band  | Refe  | Power | Refe  |       |       |       |       |
| N     | width | rence | at    | rence |       |       |       |       |
| umber | (MHz) | ch    | an    | value |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | annel | tenna |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | port  | Fra   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | (dB   | ction |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | m/Hz) | of    |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | Ma    |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ximum |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | Throu |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ghput |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       | PCell | SCell | PCell | SCell | for   | for   | PCell | SCell |
|       |       |       |       |       | PCell | Scell |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1     | Sel   | De    | NA    | -112  | -106  | 85    | NA    |       |
|       | ected | rived |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | Ch    | as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | annel | per   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | band  | se    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | width | ction |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | as    | 5.    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | per   | 1.3.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | se    | of TS |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | ction | 3     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 5.    | 8.214 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1.1.6 | \     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | [12\] |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 5.2A.2.2.0-4: Minimum performance for TDD CA with 30 kHz SCS

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Band  | Refe  | Power | Refe  |       |       |       |       |
| N     | width | rence | at    | rence |       |       |       |       |
| umber | (MHz) | ch    | an    | value |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | annel | tenna |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | port  | Fra   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | (dB   | ction |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | m/Hz) | of    |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | Ma    |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ximum |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | Throu |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ghput |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       | PCell | SCell | PCell | SCell | for   | for   | PCell | SCell |
|       |       |       |       |       | PCell | Scell |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1     | Sel   | De    | NA    | -112  | -106  | 85    | NA    |       |
|       | ected | rived |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | Ch    | as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | annel | per   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | band  | se    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | width | ction |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | as    | 5.    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | per   | 1.3.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | se    | of TS |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | ction | 3     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 5.    | 8.214 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1.1.6 | \     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | [12\] |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2A.2.2.

##### 5.2A.2.2.1 2Rx PDSCH Demodulation Performance for CA with power imbalance (2DL CA)

##### 5.2A.2.2.1.1 Test Purpose {#a.2.2.1.1-test-purpose .H6}

To verify the ability of an intra-band adjacent carrier aggregation UE
to demodulate the signal transmitted by the PCell or SCell in the
presence of a stronger SCell or PCell signal on an adjacent frequency.
Throughput is measured on the PCell or SCell only.

##### 5.2A.2.2.1.2 Test applicability {#a.2.2.1.2-test-applicability .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward that
supports 2DL intra-band contiguous CA.

##### 5.2A.2.2.1.3 Test description {#a.2.2.1.3-test-description .H6}

##### 5.2A.2.2.1.3.1 Initial conditions {#a.2.2.1.3.1-initial-conditions .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

Band selection: Supported intra-band contiguous CA configurations
covering the lowest and highest operating bands,

Channel BW combination to be tested: Select bandwidth combination with
same bandwidth in each carrier. If not supported, select bandwidth
combination with smallest bandwidth difference between the two carriers
and the carrier with smaller bandwidth will be used for the test.

CA capability to be tested: Either FDD or TDD intra-band contiguous CA

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.2A
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.3 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2A-1 to Table 5.2A-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.1.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.5. Message
contents are defined in clause 5.2A.2.2.1.3.3.

##### 5.2A.2.2.1.3.2 Test procedure {#a.2.2.1.3.2-test-procedure .H6}

1\. Configure SCC according to Annex C.0, C.1 and C.2 for all downlink
physical channels.

2\. The SS shall configure SCC as per TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 5.5.1.
Message contents are defined in clause 5.2A.2.2.1.3.3.

3\. SS activates SCC by sending the activation MAC-CE (Refer TS 38.321
\[24\], clauses 5.9, 6.1.3.10). Wait for at least 1 second (Refer TS
38.133\[25\], clause9.3).

4\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the MCS according to Table 5.2A.2.2.0-2 on PCC. The SS sends downlink
MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

5\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix according to Tables
5.2A.2.2.0-2 to 5.2A.2.2.0-4 as appropriate on both PCC and SCC.

6\. Measure the average throughput on PCC for at least 300 frames..
Count the number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL and decide pass
or fail based on measured throughput \> 85% of the maximum scheduled
throughput..

##### 5.2A.2.2.1.3.3 Message contents {#a.2.2.1.3.3-message-contents .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2A.2.2.1.4 Test Requirement {#a.2.2.1.4-test-requirement .H6}

Table 5.2A.2.2.0-2, Table 5.2A.2.2.1.4-1 and Table 5.2A.2.2.1.4-2 define
the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the MCS scheduled as
specified in Table 5.2A.2.2.0-2 for the throughput test shall meet or
exceed the specified value in Table 5.2A.2.2.1.4-1 or Table
5.2A.2.2.1.4-2 as applicable for the specified cell power levels.

Table 5.2A.2.2.1.4-1: Test Requirements for FDD CA with 15 kHz SCS

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Band  | Refe  | Power | Refe  |       |       |       |       |
| N     | width | rence | at    | rence |       |       |       |       |
| umber | (MHz) | ch    | an    | value |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | annel | tenna |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | port  | Fra   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | (dB   | ction |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | m/Hz) | of    |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | Ma    |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ximum |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | Throu |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ghput |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       | PCell | SCell | PCell | SCell | for   | for   | PCell | SCell |
|       |       |       |       |       | PCell | Scell |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1     | Sel   | De    | NA    | -112  | -106  | 85    | NA    |       |
|       | ected | rived |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | Ch    | as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | annel | per   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | band  | se    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | width | ction |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | as    | 5.    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | per   | 1.3.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | se    | of TS |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | ction | 3     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 5.    | 8.214 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1.1.6 | \     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | [12\] |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 5.2A.2.2.1.4-2: Test Requirements for TDD CA with 30 kHz SCS

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Band  | Refe  | Power | Refe  |       |       |       |       |
| N     | width | rence | at    | rence |       |       |       |       |
| umber | (MHz) | ch    | an    | value |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | annel | tenna |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | port  | Fra   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | (dB   | ction |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | m/Hz) | of    |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | Ma    |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ximum |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | Throu |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ghput |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       | PCell | SCell | PCell | SCell | for   | for   | PCell | SCell |
|       |       |       |       |       | PCell | Scell |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1     | Sel   | De    | NA    | -112  | -106  | 85    | NA    |       |
|       | ected | rived |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | Ch    | as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | annel | per   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | band  | se    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | width | ction |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | as    | 5.    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | per   | 1.3.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | se    | of TS |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | ction | 3     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 5.    | 8.214 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1.1.6 | \     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | [12\] |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2A.2.2.2 Void

##### 5.2A.2.2.3 Void

#### 5.2A.2.3 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping type A performance of SCell on band with shared spectrum access

##### 5.2A.2.3.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#a.2.3.0-minimum-conformance-requirements .H6}

The performance requirements for SCell on band with shared spectrum
access are specified in Table 5.2.2.2.15.0-3, with the additional test
parameters for SCell in Table 5.2.2.2.15.0-2, and the test parameters
for PCell are specified in Table 5.2A.2.3.0-2 and the downlink physical
channel setup according to Annex C.2.1.

Table 5.2A.2.3.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                        Test index
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------
  Verify the PDSCH performance of SCell for UE supporting operations in shared spectrum access   1-1, 1-2, 1-3, 1-4

Table 5.2A.2.3.0-2: Test parameters for PCell

  Parameter                                                                  Unit                                                      Value                                                              
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------ -----------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                          TDD                                                                
  Bandwidth                                                                  MHz                                                       20                                                                 
  Subcarrier spacing                                                         kHz                                                       30                                                                 
  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                  1                                                                  
  TDD pattern                                                                                                                          FR1.30-1                                                           
  PDSCH configuration                                                        Mapping type                                                                                                                 Type A
                                                                             k0                                                                                                                           0
                                                                             Starting symbol (S)                                                                                                          2
                                                                             Length (L)                                                                                                                   12
                                                                             PDSCH aggregation factor                                                                                                     1
                                                                             PRB bundling type                                                                                                            Static
                                                                             PRB bundling size                                                                                                            2
                                                                             Resource allocation type                                                                                                     Type 0
                                                                             RBG size                                                                                                                     Config2
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                                                                                      Non-interleaved
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                                                                                   N/A
  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                   DMRS Type                                                                                                                    Type 1
                                                                             Dmrs-AdditionalPosition                                                                                                      pos1
                                                                             Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS                                                                      1
  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                             8                                                                  
  The number of slots between PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             Specific to each TDD UL-DL pattern and as defined in Annex A.1.2   

##### 5.2A.2.3.1 Test purpose {#a.2.3.1-test-purpose .H6}

To verify the PDSCH mapping Type A performance under 2 receive antenna
conditions for SCell on a band with shared spectrum access and with
different channel bandwidth, for a specific fading channel model for a
specified downlink Reference Measurement Channel (RMC) to achieve a
certain throughput.

During the test, only the PDSCH performance of the SCell should be
verified.

##### 5.2A.2.3.2 Test applicability {#a.2.3.2-test-applicability .H6}

This test applies to all types of UE release 16 and forward supporting
NR/5GC and NR-U 2DLCA and supporting UL on shared channel access.

This test also applies to all types of UE release 16 and forward
supporting EN-DC and NR-U 2DLCA and supporting UL on shared channel
access.

##### 5.2A.2.3.3 Test description {#a.2.3.3-test-description .H6}

##### 5.2A.2.3.3.1 Initial conditions {#a.2.3.3.1-initial-conditions .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2A.2.3.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for NR/5GC with *Connected without Release
On, Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for EN-DC according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2A.2.3.3.3.

##### 5.2A.2.3.3.2 Test procedure {#a.2.3.3.2-test-procedure .H6}

1\. Configure SCell according to Annex C.0, C.1 and C.2 for all downlink
physical channels.

2\. The SS shall configure SCell as per TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 5.5.1.
Message contents are defined in clause 5.2A.2.1.1.3.3.

3\. SS activates SCell by sending the activation MAC-CE (Refer TS 38.321
\[24\], clauses 5.9, 6.1.3.10). Wait for at least 1 second (Refer TS
38.133\[25\], clause9.3).

4\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.2.2.15.0-3 on SCell. The SS sends
downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

5\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.2.2.15.0-3 on SCell.

6\. Measure the average throughput on SCell for a duration sufficient to
achieve statistical significance according to Annex G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL and decide pass or fail
according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G.1.5.

7\. Repeat steps from 1 to 6 for each test point in Table 5.2.2.2.15.0-3
as appropriate.

##### 5.2A.2.3.3.3 Message contents {#a.2.3.3.3-message-contents .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2A.2.3.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for NR/5GC {#a.2.3.3.3_1-message-exceptions-for-nr5gc .H6}

Same as in Clause 5.2.2.2.15\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2A.2.3.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for EN-DC {#a.2.3.3.3_2-message-exceptions-for-en-dc .H6}

Same as in Clause 5.2.2.2.15\_1.3.3\_2

##### 5.2A.2.3.3.4 Test requirement {#a.2.3.3.4-test-requirement .H6}

Table 5.2.2.2.15.3.4-1 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.2.2.15.3.4-1 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

#### 5.2A.2.4 Requirements for 2RX HST-SFN CA PDSCH

##### 5.2A.2.4.0 Minimum conformance requirements for 2RX HST-SFN CA PDSCH

For HST-SFN CA with different numbers of DL component carriers, the
requirements are defined in Table 5.2A.2.4.0-5 based on the single
carrier requirements for different SCSs and different bandwidth
specified in Table 5.2A.2.4.0-3 and Table 5.2A.2.4.0-4. Test parameters
are specified in Table 5.2A.2.4.0-2, Table 5.2A-2, and Table 5.2A-3 with
downlink physical channel setup according to Annex C.2.1. The
performance requirements specified in this sub-clause do not apply for
UE single carrier test.

The test purpose is specified in Table 5.2A.2.4.0-1.

Table 5.2A.2.4.0-1: Test purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                        Test index
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify PDSCH performance under 2 receive antenna conditions in the HST-SFN scenario defined in B.3.2 with CA   1,2,3

Table 5.2A.2.4.0-2: Test parameters

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Parameter      | Unit           | Value          |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Duplex mode    |                | FDD and TDD    |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Active DL BWP  |                | 1              |                |
| index          |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH          | Mapping type   |                | Type A         |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | k0             |                | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Starting       |                | 2              |
|                | symbol (S)     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Length (L)     |                | 12             |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PDSCH          |                | 1              |
|                | aggregation    |                |                |
|                | factor         |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | Static         |
|                | type           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | 2              |
|                | size           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Resource       |                | Type 0         |
|                | allocation     |                |                |
|                | type           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | RBG size       |                | Config2        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N              |
|                | mapping type   |                | on-interleaved |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N/A            |
|                | mapping        |                |                |
|                | interleaver    |                |                |
|                | bundle size    |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH DMRS     | DMRS Type      |                | Type 1         |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Number of      |                | 2              |
|                | additional     |                |                |
|                | DMRS           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Maximum number |                | 1              |
|                | of OFDM        |                |                |
|                | symbols for DL |                |                |
|                | front loaded   |                |                |
|                | DMRS           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CSI-RS for     | CSI-RS         | Slots          | FDD: 10 for    |
| tracking       | periodicity    |                | CSI-RS         |
|                |                |                | resource       |
|                |                |                | 1,2,3,4.       |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | TDD: 20 for    |
|                |                |                | CSI-RS         |
|                |                |                | resource       |
|                |                |                | 1,2,3,4.       |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-RS offset  | Slots          | 1 for CSI-RS   |
|                |                |                | resource 1 and |
|                |                |                | 2\             |
|                |                |                | 2 for CSI-RS   |
|                |                |                | resource 3 and |
|                |                |                | 4.             |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Frequency      |                | Start PRB = 0  |
|                | Occupation     |                |                |
|                |                |                | Number of PRB  |
|                |                |                | = 52 for TDD   |
|                |                |                | with BW 20MHz  |
|                |                |                | and higher BW  |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Number of PRB  |
|                |                |                | = 52 for FDD   |
|                |                |                | with BW 15MHz  |
|                |                |                | and higher BW  |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Number of PRB  |
|                |                |                | = ceil(BWP     |
|                |                |                | size/4)\*4 for |
|                |                |                | other case     |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Number of HARQ |                | As defined in  |                |
| Processes      |                | Table 5.2A-2   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| TDD UL-DL      |                | 15 kHz SCS:    |                |
| pattern        |                | FR1.15-1       |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                | 30 kHz SCS:    |                |
|                |                | FR1.30-1       |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| The number of  |                | As defined in  |                |
| slots between  |                | Table 5.2A-3   |                |
| PDSCH and      |                |                |                |
| corresponding  |                |                |                |
| HARQ-ACK       |                |                |                |
| information    |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Number of      |                | 1              |                |
| PUCCH          |                |                |                |
| ResourceGroups |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PUCCH format   |                | PUCCH format 1 |                |
| for HARQ-ACK   |                | for cases with |                |
| feedback       |                | no more than 2 |                |
|                |                | DL CCs         |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                | PUCCH format 3 |                |
|                |                | for cases with |                |
|                |                | more than 2 DL |                |
|                |                | CCs            |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2A.2.4.0-3: Single carrier performance for FDD 15 kHz SCS for CA
configurations

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                  Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.1-13.1 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   12.9
  10                R.PDSCH.1-8.3 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   13.1
  15                R.PDSCH.1-13.2 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   13.4
  20                R.PDSCH.1-13.3 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   13.9
  25                R.PDSCH.1-13.4 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   14.0
  30                R.PDSCH.1-13.5 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   13.9
  35                R.PDSCH.1-14.3 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   13.8
  40                R.PDSCH.1-14.1 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   14.0
  45                R.PDSCH.1-14.4 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   13.9
  50                R.PDSCH.1-14.2 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   14.0

Table 5.2A.2.4.0-4: Single carrier performance for TDD 30 kHz SCS for CA
configurations

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                  Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.2-19.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   13.4
  10                R.PDSCH.2-19.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   13.7
  15                R.PDSCH.2-19.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   13.8
  20                R.PDSCH.2-19.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   13.8
  25                R.PDSCH.2-19.5 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   14.1
  30                R.PDSCH.2-20.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   14.4
  40                R.PDSCH.2-10.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   14.6
  50                R.PDSCH.2-20.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   14.7
  60                R.PDSCH.2-20.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   14.4
  80                R.PDSCH.2-20.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   14.9
  90                R.PDSCH.2-20.5 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   15.4
  100               R.PDSCH.2-21.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   14.8

Table 5.2A.2.4.0-5: Minimum performance for multiple CA configurations

  Test number                                                                                                                                             CA duplex mode            Minimum performance requirements
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------
  1                                                                                                                                                       FDD 15 kHz + FDD 15 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.2.4.0-3
  2                                                                                                                                                       TDD 30 kHz + TDD 30 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.2.4.0-4
  3                                                                                                                                                       FDD 15 kHz + TDD 30 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.2.4.0-3 and Table 5.2A.2.4.0-4 per CC
  Note 1: The applicability of requirements for different CA duplex modes, SCSs, CA configurations and bandwidth combination sets is defined in 5.1.1.7                             

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2A.2.4.

##### 5.2A.2.4.1 2Rx PDSCH Demodulation Performance for HST-SFN CA

##### 5.2A.2.4.1.1 Test Purpose {#a.2.4.1.1-test-purpose .H6}

Verify PDSCH performance under 2 receive antenna conditions in the
HST-SFN scenario defined in B.3.2 with multiple CA configurations.

##### 5.2A.2.4.1.2 Test applicability {#a.2.4.1.2-test-applicability .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward that
supports enhanced demodulation processing for carrier aggregation for
HST-SFN joint transmission scheme.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 16 and forward
supporting EN-DC that supports enhanced demodulation processing for
carrier aggregation for HST-SFN joint transmission scheme.

##### 5.2A.2.4.1.3 Test description {#a.2.4.1.3-test-description .H6}

##### 5.2A.2.4.1.3.1 Initial conditions {#a.2.4.1.3.1-initial-conditions .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

Channel BW to be tested: largest aggregated bandwidth combination as per
Table 5.1.1.5.2-2.

CA capability to be tested: As per table 5.1.1.5.2-1

Table 5.2A.2.4.1.3.1-1: Test point selection table

  Test number                                                                                                                                             CA duplex mode            Minimum performance requirements
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------
  1                                                                                                                                                       FDD 15 kHz + FDD 15 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.2.4.0-3
  2                                                                                                                                                       TDD 30 kHz + TDD 30 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.2.4.0-4
  3                                                                                                                                                       FDD 15 kHz + TDD 30 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.2.4.0-3 and Table 5.2A.2.4.0-4 per CC
  Note 1: The applicability of requirements for different CA duplex modes, SCSs, CA configurations and bandwidth combination sets is defined in 5.1.1.7                             

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2A-1 to Table 5.2A-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.3.2.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.5. Message
contents are defined in clause 5.2A.2.4.1.3.3.

##### 5.2A.2.4.1.3.2 Test procedure {#a.2.4.1.3.2-test-procedure .H6}

1\. Configure SCC according to Annex C.0, C.1 and C.2 for all downlink
physical channels.

2\. The SS shall configure SCC as per TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 5.5.1.
Message contents are defined in clause 5.2A.2.4.1.3.3.

3\. SS activates SCC by sending the activation MAC-CE (Refer TS 38.321
\[18\], clauses 5.9, 6.1.3.10). Wait for at least 1 second (Refer TS
38.133\[19\], clause 9.3).

4\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2A.2.4.0-2 to 5.2A.2.4.0-5 as
appropriate on both PCC and SCC. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits
on the DL RMC.

5\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
5.2A.2.4.1.3.4-1 and 5.2A.2.4.1.3.4-2 as appropriate on both PCC and
SCC.

6\. Measure the average throughput on each component carrier
simultaneously for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G.1.5. Count the number of NACKs, ACKs
and statDTXs on the UL and decide pass or fail according to Table
G.1.5-1 in Annex G.1.5.

7\. Repeat steps from 1 to 6 for each test points in Table
5.2A.2.4.1.3.1-1 as appropriate.

##### 5.2A.2.4.1.3.3 Message contents {#a.2.4.1.3.3-message-contents .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2 with the following exceptions:

Table 5.2A.2.4.1.3.3-1: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                               
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------ -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment      Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                        
  prb-BundlingType CHOICE {                                                          
  staticBundling SEQUENCE {                                                          
  bundleSize                                             Not present    n2 is used   
  }                                                                                  
  }                                                                                  
  }                                                                                  

Table 5.2A.2.4.1.3.3-2: DMRS-DownlinkConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-24                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  DMRS-DownlinkConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                              
  dmrs-AdditionalPosition                                Not present              
  }                                                                               

Table 5.2A.2.4.1.3.3-3: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| Derivation Path:  |              |                   |           |
| TS 38.508-1       |              |                   |           |
| \[6\], Table      |              |                   |           |
| 5.4.2.0-25        |              |                   |           |
+===================+==============+===================+===========+
| Information       | Value/remark | Comment           | Condition |
| Element           |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| PDSCH-            |              |                   |           |
| ServingCellConfig |              |                   |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {    |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| nrofHARQ-         | n4           | test 1-1          |           |
| ProcessesForPDSCH |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
|                   | n8           | test 1-2          |           |
|                   |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | test 1-3 (FDD and |           |
|                   |              | TDD)              |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
|                   | n10          | test 1-3 (TDD and |           |
|                   |              | FDD)              |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| }                 |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+

Table 5.2A.2.4.1.3.3-4: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Tracking

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 5.4.2.0-10     |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CSI-           |                |                |                |
| ResourcePeriod |                |                |                |
| icityAndOffset |                |                |                |
| ::= CHOICE {   |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| slots10        | 1 for CSI-RS   | periodicity:   | FDD/ SCS 15    |
|                | resource \#1   |                | kHz            |
|                | and \#2        | 10 slots for   |                |
|                |                | resource       |                |
|                | 2 for CSI-RS   | 1,2,3,4.       |                |
|                | resource \#3   |                |                |
|                | and \#4        | offset = 1 for |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource 1 and |                |
|                |                | 2              |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                | offset =2 for  |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource 3 and |                |
|                |                | 4.             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| slots20        | 1 for CSI-RS   | periodicity:   | TDD/ SCS 30    |
|                | resource \#1   |                | kHz            |
|                | and \#2        | 20 slots for   |                |
|                |                | resource       |                |
|                | 2 for CSI-RS   | 1,2,3,4.       |                |
|                | resource \#3   |                |                |
|                | and \#4        | offset = 1 for |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource 1 and |                |
|                |                | 2              |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                | offset =2 for  |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource 3 and |                |
|                |                | 4.             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

**Table 5.2A.2.4.1.3.3-5: CSI-FrequencyOccupation for CSI Tracking**

+----------------+----------------+----------------+---------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |               |
| Path: TS       |                |                |               |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |               |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |               |
| **5.4.2.0-11** |                |                |               |
+================+================+================+===============+
| **Information  | **             | **Comment**    | **Condition** |
| Element**      | Value/remark** |                |               |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+---------------+
| CSI-Frequ      |                |                |               |
| encyOccupation |                |                |               |
| ::= SEQUENCE { |                |                |               |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+---------------+
| nrofRBs        | 52             | TDD BW 20MHz   |               |
|                |                | and higher BW  |               |
|                |                |                |               |
|                |                | FDD BW 15MHz   |               |
|                |                | and higher BW  |               |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+---------------+
|                | ceil(BWP       | Other case     |               |
|                | size/4)\*4     |                |               |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+---------------+
| }              |                |                |               |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+---------------+

##### 5.2A.2.4.1.3.4 Test Requirement {#a.2.4.1.3.4-test-requirement .H6}

Tables 5.2A.2.4.1.3.4-1 and 5.2A.2.4.1.3.4-2 define the primary level
settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 and A.3.2.2 for each
component carrier for throughput test point combination shall meet or
exceed the specified value in Table 5.2A.2.4.1.3.4-1 and
5.2A.2.4.1.3.4-2 for the specified SNR including test tolerances for the
test points listed in Table 5.2A.2.4.1.3.1-1.

Table 5.2A.2.4.1.3.4-1: Single carrier performance for FDD 15 kHz SCS
for CA configurations

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                  Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.1-13.1 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   13.5
  10                R.PDSCH.1-8.3 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   13.7
  15                R.PDSCH.1-13.2 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   14.0
  20                R.PDSCH.1-13.3 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   14.5
  25                R.PDSCH.1-13.4 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   14.6
  30                R.PDSCH.1-13.5 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   4.51
  35                R.PDSCH.1-14.3 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   14.4
  40                R.PDSCH.1-14.1 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   14.6
  45                R.PDSCH.1-14.4 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   14.5
  50                R.PDSCH.1-14.2 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   14.6

Table 5.2A.2.4.1.3.4-2: Single carrier performance for TDD 30 kHz SCS
for CA configurations

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                  Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.2-19.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   14.0
  10                R.PDSCH.2-19.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   14.3
  15                R.PDSCH.2-19.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   14.4
  20                R.PDSCH.2-19.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   14.4
  25                R.PDSCH.2-19.5 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   14.7
  30                R.PDSCH.2-20.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   15.0
  40                R.PDSCH.2-10.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   15.2
  50                R.PDSCH.2-20.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   15.3
  60                R.PDSCH.2-20.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   15.0
  80                R.PDSCH.2-20.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   15.5
  90                R.PDSCH.2-20.5 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   16.0
  100               R.PDSCH.2-21.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x2                                            70                                   15.4

#### 5.2A.2.5 Requirements for 2RX HST-DPS CA PDSCH

##### 5.2A.2.5.0 Minimum conformance requirements for 2RX HST-DPS CA PDSCH

For HST-DPS CA with different numbers of DL component carriers, the
requirements are defined in Table 5.2A.2.5.0-7 and Table 5.2A.2.5.0-8
based on the single carrier requirements for different SCSs and
different bandwidth specified in Table 5.2A.2.5.0-3 \~ Table
5.2A.2.5.0-6, with the parameters in Table 5.2A.2.5.0-2, Table 5.2A-2
and Table 5.2A-3 and the downlink physical channel setup according to
Annex C.2.1. The performance requirements specified in this sub-clause
do not apply for UE single carrier test.

The test purpose is specified in Table 5.2A.2.5.0-1.

Table 5.2A.2.5.0-1: Test purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                 Test index
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------
  Verify UE performance in the HST-DPS scenario defined in B.3.3 with CA with 1 active PDSCH TCI states   1-1, 1-2, 1-3
  Verify UE performance in the HST-DPS scenario defined in B.3.3 with CA with 2 active PDSCH TCI states   2-1, 2-2, 2-3

Table 5.2A.2.5.0-2: Test parameters

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Parameter   | Unit        | Value       |             |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| Duplex mode |             | FDD and TDD |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Active DL   |             | 1           |             |             |
| BWP index   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDCCH       | TCI state   |             | Note 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH       | Mapping     |             | Type A      |             |
| co          | type        |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | k0          |             | 0           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Starting    |             | 2           |             |
|             | symbol (S)  |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Length (L)  |             | FDD: 12     |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | TDD:        |             |
|             |             |             | Specific to |             |
|             |             |             | each        |             |
|             |             |             | Reference   |             |
|             |             |             | channel     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PDSCH       |             | 1           |             |
|             | aggregation |             |             |             |
|             | factor      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | Static      |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | 2           |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | size        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    |             | Type 0      |             |
|             | allocation  |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | RBG size    |             | Config2     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | Non-        |             |
|             | mapping     |             | interleaved |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | N/A         |             |
|             | mapping     |             |             |             |
|             | interleaver |             |             |             |
|             | bundle size |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | TCI state   |             | Note 1      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH DMRS  | DMRS Type   |             | Type 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 2           |             |
|             | additional  |             |             |             |
|             | DMRS        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Maximum     |             | 1           |             |
|             | number of   |             |             |             |
|             | OFDM        |             |             |             |
|             | symbols for |             |             |             |
|             | DL front    |             |             |             |
|             | loaded DMRS |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CSI-RS for  | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 5    |
| tracking    | set \#1     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 1  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 3       |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 9    |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 2  |
|             |             |             |             | and 4       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 15kHz SCS:  |
|             |             | periodicity |             | 10 for      |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 1,2,3,4.    |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 30kHz SCS:  |
|             |             |             |             | 20 for      |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 1,2,3,4     |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | and 2\      |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 3  |
|             |             |             |             | and 4       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#2         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | Frequency   |             | Start PRB 0 |
|             |             | Occupation  |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Number of   |
|             |             |             |             | PRB =       |
|             |             |             |             | min(52,     |
|             |             |             |             | ceil(BWP    |
|             |             |             |             | size/4)\*4) |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 6    |
|             | set \#2     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 5  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 7       |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 10   |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 6  |
|             |             |             |             | and 8       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 15kHz SCS:  |
|             |             | periodicity |             | 10 for      |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 5,6,7,8.    |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 30kHz SCS:  |
|             |             |             |             | 20 for      |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 5,6,7,8.    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 5  |
|             |             |             |             | and 6\      |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 7  |
|             |             |             |             | and 8       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#3         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | Frequency   |             | Start PRB 0 |
|             |             | Occupation  |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Number of   |
|             |             |             |             | PRB =       |
|             |             |             |             | min(52,     |
|             |             |             |             | ceil(BWP    |
|             |             |             |             | size/4)\*4) |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NZP CSI-RS  | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 12   |
| for CSI     | set \#3     | symbol in   |             |             |
| acquisition |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 15kHz       |
|             |             | periodicity |             | SCS:20      |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 30kHz SCS:  |
|             |             |             |             | 40          |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#0         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 13   |
|             | set \#4     | symbol in   |             |             |
|             |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 15kHz       |
|             |             | periodicity |             | SCS:20      |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 30kHz SCS:  |
|             |             |             |             | 40          |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#1         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#0         | information | resource    |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#1\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#1         | information | resource    |             | resource 5  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#2\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#0     |
| \#2         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#1     |
| \#3         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Number of   |             | As defined  |             |             |
| HARQ        |             | in Table    |             |             |
| Processes   |             | 5.2A-2      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TDD UL-DL   |             | 15kHz SCS:  |             |             |
| pattern     |             | FR1.15-1    |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             | 30kHz SCS:  |             |             |
|             |             | FR1.30-1    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| The number  |             | As defined  |             |             |
| of slots    |             | in Table    |             |             |
| between     |             | 5.2A-3      |             |             |
| PDSCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| rresponding |             |             |             |             |
| HARQ-ACK    |             |             |             |             |
| information |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Number of   |             | 1           |             |             |
| PUCCH       |             |             |             |             |
| Res         |             |             |             |             |
| ourceGroups |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PUCCH       |             | PUCCH       |             |             |
| format for  |             | format 1    |             |             |
| HARQ-ACK    |             | for cases   |             |             |
| feedback    |             | with no     |             |             |
|             |             | more chan 2 |             |             |
|             |             | DL CCs      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             | PUCCH       |             |             |
|             |             | format 3    |             |             |
|             |             | for cases   |             |             |
|             |             | with more   |             |             |
|             |             | than 2 DL   |             |             |
|             |             | CCs         |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Note 1: SSB |             |             |             |             |
| \# (k mod   |             |             |             |             |
| 2), CSI-RS  |             |             |             |             |
| (for        |             |             |             |             |
| tracking)   |             |             |             |             |
| resource    |             |             |             |             |
| set \# ((k  |             |             |             |             |
| mod 2) + 1) |             |             |             |             |
| and CSI-RS  |             |             |             |             |
| (for CSI    |             |             |             |             |
| a           |             |             |             |             |
| cquisition) |             |             |             |             |
| resource    |             |             |             |             |
| set \# ((k  |             |             |             |             |
| mod 2) + 3) |             |             |             |             |
| are         |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| by k^th^    |             |             |             |             |
| RRH.        |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| For Test    |             |             |             |             |
| 1-1, TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| state       |             |             |             |             |
| switching   |             |             |             |             |
| command     |             |             |             |             |
| scheduled   |             |             |             |             |
| by MAC CE   |             |             |             |             |
| with MCS 4  |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| in slot \#i |             |             |             |             |
| that        |             |             |             |             |
| s           |             |             |             |             |
| atisfy$\tex |             |             |             |             |
| t{\ mod}\le |             |             |             |             |
| ft( i,2n \r |             |             |             |             |
| ight) = n$. |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH       |             |             |             |             |
| associated  |             |             |             |             |
| with TCI \# |             |             |             |             |
| (k mod 2)   |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| by k^th^    |             |             |             |             |
| RRH from    |             |             |             |             |
| slot\#      |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| $$max       |             |             |             |             |
| \lbrack\lef |             |             |             |             |
| t( 2k - 1 \ |             |             |             |             |
| right)n + 1 |             |             |             |             |
|  + T_{\text |             |             |             |             |
| {HARQ}} + T |             |             |             |             |
| _{\text{MAC |             |             |             |             |
| \ proc}} +  |             |             |             |             |
| T_{\text{fi |             |             |             |             |
| rstTRS}} +  |             |             |             |             |
| T_{\text{TR |             |             |             |             |
| S\ proc}},\ |             |             |             |             |
|  0\rbrack$$ |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| to slot\#   |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| $\left( 2k  |             |             |             |             |
| + 1 \right) |             |             |             |             |
| n + T_{\tex |             |             |             |             |
| t{HARQ}} +  |             |             |             |             |
| T_{\text{MA |             |             |             |             |
| C\ proc}}$, |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH are   |             |             |             |             |
| DTXed in    |             |             |             |             |
| other slots |             |             |             |             |
| in which    |             |             |             |             |
| throughput  |             |             |             |             |
| statistics  |             |             |             |             |
| are not     |             |             |             |             |
| considered. |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| For Test    |             |             |             |             |
| 1-2, TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| state       |             |             |             |             |
| switching   |             |             |             |             |
| command     |             |             |             |             |
| scheduled   |             |             |             |             |
| by MAC CE   |             |             |             |             |
| with MCS 4  |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| in slot \#i |             |             |             |             |
| that        |             |             |             |             |
| s           |             |             |             |             |
| atisfy$\tex |             |             |             |             |
| t{\ mod}\le |             |             |             |             |
| ft( i,2n \r |             |             |             |             |
| ight) = n$. |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH       |             |             |             |             |
| associated  |             |             |             |             |
| with TCI \# |             |             |             |             |
| (k mod 2)   |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| by k^th^    |             |             |             |             |
| RRH from    |             |             |             |             |
| slot\#      |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| $$ma        |             |             |             |             |
| x\lbrack\le |             |             |             |             |
| ft( 2k - 1  |             |             |             |             |
| \right)n +  |             |             |             |             |
| 1 + T_{\tex |             |             |             |             |
| t{HARQ}} +  |             |             |             |             |
| T_{\text{MA |             |             |             |             |
| C\ proc}},\ |             |             |             |             |
|  0\rbrack$$ |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| to slot\#   |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| $           |             |             |             |             |
| $\left( 2k  |             |             |             |             |
| + 1 \right) |             |             |             |             |
| n + T_{\tex |             |             |             |             |
| t{HARQ}} +  |             |             |             |             |
| T_{\text{MA |             |             |             |             |
| C\ proc}}$$ |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| Where k=0,  |             |             |             |             |
| 1, 2... is  |             |             |             |             |
| the RRH     |             |             |             |             |
| number, n = |             |             |             |             |
| 2520 is     |             |             |             |             |
| half of the |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| slots       |             |             |             |             |
| between two |             |             |             |             |
| RRH,        |             |             |             |             |
| $T_{\t      |             |             |             |             |
| ext{HARQ}}$ |             |             |             |             |
| = 2 is the  |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| slots       |             |             |             |             |
| between     |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| rresponding |             |             |             |             |
| HARQ-ACK    |             |             |             |             |
| i           |             |             |             |             |
| nformation, |             |             |             |             |
| $T_{\text{M |             |             |             |             |
| AC\ proc}}$ |             |             |             |             |
| = 3 is the  |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| slots for   |             |             |             |             |
| MAC CE      |             |             |             |             |
| processing, |             |             |             |             |
| $T_{\text{  |             |             |             |             |
| firstTRS}}$ |             |             |             |             |
| = 6 is the  |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| slots to    |             |             |             |             |
| first TRS   |             |             |             |             |
| t           |             |             |             |             |
| ransmission |             |             |             |             |
| occasion    |             |             |             |             |
| after MAC   |             |             |             |             |
| CE command  |             |             |             |             |
| is decoded  |             |             |             |             |
| by the UE,  |             |             |             |             |
| $T_{\text{T |             |             |             |             |
| RS\ proc}}$ |             |             |             |             |
| = 2 is the  |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| slots for   |             |             |             |             |
| TRS         |             |             |             |             |
| processing. |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Table 5.2A.2.5.0-3: Single carrier performance for FDD 15 kHz SCS for
HST-DPS CA configurations with 1 active PDSCH TCI states

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Number of active PDSCH TCI states   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ----------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                      Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.1-15.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.2
  10                R.PDSCH.1-8.4 FDD    64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.6
  15                R.PDSCH.1-15.2       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.6
  20                R.PDSCH.1-15.3       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.4
  25                R.PDSCH.1-15.4       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.6
  30                R.PDSCH.1-15.5       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.6
  35                \[R.PDSCH.1-16.3\]   64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.4
  40                R.PDSCH.1-16.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.6
  45                \[R.PDSCH.1-16.4\]   64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.4
  50                R.PDSCH.1-16.2       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.7

Table 5.2A.2.5.0-4: Single carrier performance for FDD 15 kHz SCS for
HST-DPS CA configurations with 2 active PDSCH TCI states

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Number of active PDSCH TCI states   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ----------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                      Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.1-15.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.2
  10                R.PDSCH.1-8.4 FDD    64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.6
  15                R.PDSCH.1-15.2       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.6
  20                R.PDSCH.1-15.3       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.4
  25                R.PDSCH.1-15.4       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.6
  30                R.PDSCH.1-15.5       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.6
  35                \[R.PDSCH.1-16.3\]   64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.4
  40                R.PDSCH.1-16.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.6
  45                \[R.PDSCH.1-16.4\]   64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.4
  50                R.PDSCH.1-16.2       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.7

Table 5.2A.2.5.0-5: Single carrier performance for TDD 30 kHz SCS for
HST-DPS CA configurations with 1 active PDSCH TCI states

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Number of active PDSCH TCI states   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ----------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                      Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.2-22.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.3
  10                R.PDSCH.2-22.2       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.3
  15                R.PDSCH.2-22.3       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.2
  20                R.PDSCH.2-22.4       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.3
  25                R.PDSCH.2-22.5       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.4
  30                R.PDSCH.2-23.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.4
  40                R.PDSCH.2-10.5 TDD   64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.3
  50                R.PDSCH.2-23.2       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.5
  60                R.PDSCH.2-23.3       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.5
  80                R.PDSCH.2-23.4       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.4
  90                R.PDSCH.2-23.5       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.6
  100               R.PDSCH.2-24.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.5

Table 5.2A.2.5.0-6: Single carrier performance for TDD 30 kHz SCS for
HST-DPS CA configurations with 2 active PDSCH TCI states

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Number of active PDSCH TCI states   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ----------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                      Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.2-22.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.3
  10                R.PDSCH.2-22.2       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.3
  15                R.PDSCH.2-22.3       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.2
  20                R.PDSCH.2-22.4       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.3
  25                R.PDSCH.2-22.5       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.4
  30                R.PDSCH.2-23.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.4
  40                R.PDSCH.2-10.5 TDD   64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.3
  50                R.PDSCH.2-23.2       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.5
  60                R.PDSCH.2-23.3       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.5
  80                R.PDSCH.2-23.4       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.4
  90                R.PDSCH.2-23.5       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.6
  100               R.PDSCH.2-24.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.5

Table 5.2A.2.5.0-7: Minimum performance for HST-DPS CA configurations
with 1 active PDSCH TCI states

  Test number                                                                                                                                                CA duplex mode            Minimum performance requirements
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------
  1-1                                                                                                                                                        FDD 15 kHz + FDD 15 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.2.5.0-3
  1-2                                                                                                                                                        TDD 30 kHz + TDD 30 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.2.5.0-5
  1-3                                                                                                                                                        FDD 15 kHz + TDD 30 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.2.5.0-3 and Table 5.2A.2.5.0-5 per CC
  Note 1: The applicability of requirements for different CA duplex modes, SCSs, CA configurations and bandwidth combination sets is defined in 5.1.1.7.4.                             

Table 5.2A.2.5.0-8: Minimum performance for HST-DPS CA configurations
with 2 active PDSCH TCI states

  Test number                                                                                                                                                CA duplex mode            Minimum performance requirements
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------
  2-1                                                                                                                                                        FDD 15 kHz + FDD 15 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.2.5.0-4
  2-2                                                                                                                                                        TDD 30 kHz + TDD 30 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.2.5.0-6
  2-3                                                                                                                                                        FDD 15 kHz + TDD 30 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.2.5.0-4 and Table 5.2A.2.5.0-6 per CC
  Note 1: The applicability of requirements for different CA duplex modes, SCSs, CA configurations and bandwidth combination sets is defined in 5.1.1.7.4.                             

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2A.2.5.

##### 5.2A.2.5.1 2RX PDSCH Demodulation Performance for HST-DPS CA

##### 5.2A.2.5.1.1 Test Purpose {#a.2.5.1.1-test-purpose .H6}

To verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 2 receive
antenna conditions in the HST-DPS scenario for multiple CA
configurations and with different channel models, MCSs and SCS for a
specified downlink Reference Measurement Channel (RMC) to achieve a
certain throughput per CC.

##### 5.2A.2.5.1.2 Test applicability {#a.2.5.1.2-test-applicability .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward
supporting 2DL CA.

##### 5.2A.2.5.1.3 Test description {#a.2.5.1.3-test-description .H6}

##### 5.2A.2.5.1.3.1 Initial conditions {#a.2.5.1.3.1-initial-conditions .H6}

Same initial conditions as specified in clause 5.2A.2.1.1.3.1 with the
following exception

Channel BW to be tested: largest aggregated bandwidth combination as per
Table 5.1.1.5.2-2.

CA capability to be tested: As per table 5.1.1.5.2-1

Table 5.2A.2.5.1.3.1-1: Test point selection table

+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Test number          | CA duplex mode       | Minimum performance  |
|                      |                      | requirements         |
+======================+======================+======================+
| 1                    | FDD 15 kHz + FDD 15  | As defined in Table  |
|                      | kHz                  | 5.2A.3.1.0-1         |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| 2                    | TDD 30 kHz + TDD 30  | As defined in Table  |
|                      | kHz                  | 5.2A.3.1.0-3         |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| 3                    | FDD 15 kHz + TDD 30  | As defined in Table  |
|                      | kHz                  | 5.2A.3.1.0-1 and     |
|                      |                      | Table 5.2A.3.1.0-3   |
|                      |                      | per CC               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| 4 (note 2)           | FDD 15 kHz + TDD 15  | As defined in Table  |
|                      | kHz                  | 5.2A.3.1.0-1 and     |
|                      |                      | Table 5.2A.3.1.0-2   |
|                      |                      | per CC               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| 5 (note 3)           | TDD 15 kHz + TDD 30  | As defined in Table  |
|                      | kHz                  | 5.2A.3.1.0-2 and     |
|                      |                      | Table 5.2A.3.1.0-3   |
|                      |                      | per CC               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Note 1: For each     |                      |                      |
| test point, select   |                      |                      |
| any one of the CA    |                      |                      |
| configurations which |                      |                      |
| contain CA bandwidth |                      |                      |
| combination with the |                      |                      |
| largest aggregated   |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidth    |                      |                      |
| and supported        |                      |                      |
| maximum data rate    |                      |                      |
| based on the         |                      |                      |
| equation             |                      |                      |
| $\text{Data          |                      |                      |
| Rate} = 10^{- 3}\sum |                      |                      |
| _{j = 1}^{J}{\text{T |                      |                      |
| BS}_{j}2^{\mu_{j}}}$ |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 2: Test point 4 |                      |                      |
| can be skipped if    |                      |                      |
| test point 3 is      |                      |                      |
| verified.            |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 3: Test point 5 |                      |                      |
| can be skipped if    |                      |                      |
| test point 3 or 4 is |                      |                      |
| verified.            |                      |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2A-1 to Table 5.2A-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.3.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.5. Message
contents are defined in clause 5.2A.2.5.1.3.3.

##### 5.2A.2.5.1.3.2 Test procedure {#a.2.5.1.3.2-test-procedure .H6}

1\. Configure SCC according to Annex C.0, C.1 and C.2 for all downlink
physical channels.

2\. The SS shall configure SCCs as per TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 5.5.1.
Message contents are defined in clause 5.2A.2.5.1.3.3.

3\. SS activates SCC by sending the activation MAC-CE (Refer TS 38.321
\[18\], clauses 5.9, 6.1.3.10). Wait for at least 1 second (Refer TS
38.133\[19\], clause 9.3).

4\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2A.2.5.0-2 as appropriate on both PCC
and SCCs. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

5\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
5.2A.2.5.1.3.4-1 to 5.2A.2.5.1.3.4-4 as appropriate on both PCC and
SCCs.

6\. Measure the average throughput on each component carrier
simultaneously for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G.1.5. Count the number of NACKs, ACKs
and statDTXs on the UL and decide pass or fail according to Table
G.1.5-1 in Annex G.1.5.

7\. Repeat steps from 1 to 6 for each test points in Table
5.2A.2.5.1.3.1-1 as appropriate.

##### 5.2A.2.5.1.3.3 Message contents {#a.2.5.1.3.3-message-contents .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2 with the following exceptions:

Table 5.2A.2.5.1.3.3-1: DMRS-DownlinkConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-24                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  DMRS-DownlinkConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                              
  dmrs-AdditionalPosition                                Not present              
  }                                                                               

Table 5.2A.2.5.1.3.3-2: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-25                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                          
  nrofHARQ-ProcessesForPDSCH                             n8                       
  }                                                                               

Table 5.2A.2.5.1.3.3-3: NZP-CSI-RS-Resource for TRS

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-8 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| NZP-            |                 |                 |           |
| CSI-RS-Resource |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| nzp-CS          | i-1 for CSI-RS  |                 |           |
| I-RS-ResourceId | resource \#i,   |                 |           |
|                 | i=              |                 |           |
|                 | 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| qcl-Inf         | 2 for CSI-RS    | TCI-StateId for |           |
| oPeriodicCSI-RS | resource \#1,   | TCI-State \#2   |           |
|                 | \#2, \#3, \#4   | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#1,   |           |
|                 | 3 for CSI-RS    | \#2, \#3, \#4   |           |
|                 | resource \#5,   |                 |           |
|                 | \#6, \#7, \#8   | TCI-StateId for |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-State \#3   |           |
|                 |                 | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#5,   |           |
|                 |                 | \#6, \#7, \#8   |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2A.2.5.1.3.3-4: CSI-RS-ResourceMapping for TRS

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-9 |                 |                 |           |
| with condition  |                 |                 |           |
| TRS             |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CSI-RS-         |                 |                 |           |
| ResourceMapping |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| firstOFDMSym    | 5 for CSI-RS    | l~0~ = 5 for    |           |
| bolInTimeDomain | resource \#1    | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | and \#3         | 1 and 3         |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 9 for CSI-RS    | l~0~ = 9 for    |           |
|                 | resource \#2    | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | and \#4         | 2 and 4         |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 6 for CSI-RS    | l~0~ = 6 for    |           |
|                 | resource \#5    | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | and \#7         | 5 and 7         |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 10 for CSI-RS   | l~0~ = 10 for   |           |
|                 | resource \#6    | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | and \#8         | 6 and 8         |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2A.2.5.1.3.3-5: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Tracking

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-9 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CS              |                 |                 |           |
| I-ResourcePerio |                 |                 |           |
| dicityAndOffset |                 |                 |           |
| ::= CHOICE {    |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Slots10         | 1 for CSI-RS    | periodicity:    | SCS 15kHz |
|                 | resource \#1,   |                 |           |
|                 | \#2, \#5, \#6   | 10 slots.       |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 2 for CSI-RS    | offset:         |           |
|                 | resource \#3    |                 |           |
|                 | \#4, \#7, \#8   | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 1 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 2\              |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 3 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 4               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 5 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 6\              |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 7 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 8               |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Slots20         | 1 for CSI-RS    | periodicity:    | SCS 30kHz |
|                 | resource \#1,   |                 |           |
|                 | \#2, \#5, \#6   | 20 slots.       |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 2 for CSI-RS    | offset:         |           |
|                 | resource \#3    |                 |           |
|                 | \#4, \#7, \#8   | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 1 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 2\              |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 3 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 4               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 5 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 6\              |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 7 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 8               |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2A.2.5.1.3.3-6: NZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet for TRS

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 5.4.2.0-12     |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-       |                |                |                |
| RS-ResourceSet |                |                |                |
| ::= SEQUENCE { |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp\_CSI\      | 0 for Resource |                |                |
| _ResourceSetId | set \#1        |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 1 for Resource |                |                |
|                | set \#2        |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 4 entries      |                | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#1            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 0              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#1   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 1              | entry 2        |                |
| esourceId\[2\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#2   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 2              | entry 3        |                |
| esourceId\[3\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#3   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 3              | entry 4        |                |
| esourceId\[4\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#4   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 4 entries      |                | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#2            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 4              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#5   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 5              | entry 2        |                |
| esourceId\[2\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#6   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 6              | entry 3        |                |
| esourceId\[3\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#7   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 7              | entry 4        |                |
| esourceId\[4\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#8   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2A.2.5.1.3.3-7: NZP-CSI-RS-Resource for CSI Acquisition

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table           |                 |                 |           |
| 5.4.2.0-14      |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| NZP-            |                 |                 |           |
| CSI-RS-Resource |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| nzp-CS          | 8 for CSI-RS    |                 |           |
| I-RS-ResourceId | resource \#9    |                 |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 9 for CSI-RS    |                 |           |
|                 | resource \#10   |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| qcl-Inf         | 0 for CSI-RS    | TCI-State \#0   |           |
| oPeriodicCSI-RS | resource \#9    | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#9    |           |
|                 | 1 for CSI-RS    |                 |           |
|                 | resource \#10   | TCI-State \#1   |           |
|                 |                 | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#10   |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2A.2.5.1.3.3-8: CSI-RS-ResourceMapping for CSI Acquisition

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table           |                 |                 |           |
| 5.4.2.0-15      |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CSI-RS-         |                 |                 |           |
| ResourceMapping |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| firstOFDMSym    | 12 for CSI-RS   | l~0~=12 for     |           |
| bolInTimeDomain | resource \#9    | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 |                 | \#9             |           |
|                 | 13 for CSI-RS   |                 |           |
|                 | resource \#10   | l~0~=13 for     |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 |                 | \#10            |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2A.2.5.1.3.3-9: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Acquisition

+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| Derivation Path:  |              |                   |           |
| TS 38.508-1       |              |                   |           |
| \[6\], Table      |              |                   |           |
| 5.4.2.0-16        |              |                   |           |
+===================+==============+===================+===========+
| Information       | Value/remark | Comment           | Condition |
| Element           |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| CSI-ResourcePer   |              |                   |           |
| iodicityAndOffset |              |                   |           |
| ::= CHOICE {      |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| Slots20           | 0            | periodicity =     | SCS 15kHz |
|                   |              | 20slots.          |           |
|                   |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | offset = 0 slots  |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| Slots40           | 0            | periodicity = 40  | SCS 30kHz |
|                   |              | slots.            |           |
|                   |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | offset = 0 slots  |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| }                 |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+

Table 5.2A.2.5.1.3.3-10: NZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet for CSI Acquisition

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 5.4.2.0-18     |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-       |                |                |                |
| RS-ResourceSet |                |                |                |
| ::= SEQUENCE { |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp\_CSI\      | 2 for Resource |                |                |
| _ResourceSetId | set \#3        |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 3 for Resource |                |                |
|                | set \#4        |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 1 entry        |                | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#3            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 8              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#9   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 1 entry        |                | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#4            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 9              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#10  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2A.2.5.1.3.3-11: *TCI-State*

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 4.6.3-190      |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| TCI-State ::=  |                |                |                |
| SEQUENCE {     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| tci-StateId    | 0 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#0      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 1 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#1      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 2 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#2      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 3 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#3      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| qcl-Type1      |                |                |                |
| SEQUENCE {     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| bwp-Id         | BWP-Id of      |                | TCI state \#0, |
|                | active BWP     |                | TCI state \#1  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Not present    |                | TCI state \#2, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#3  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| r              |                |                |                |
| eferenceSignal |                |                |                |
| CHOICE {       |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| csi-rs         | 0              | CSI-RS         | TCI state \#0  |
|                |                | resource \#1   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 4              | CSI-RS         | TCI state \#1  |
|                |                | resource \#5   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| ssb            | 0              | SSB \#0        | TCI state \#2  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 1              | SSB \#1        | TCI state \#3  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| qcl-Type       | typeA          |                | TCI state \#0, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#1  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | typeC          |                | TCI state \#2, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#3  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

##### 5.2A.2.5.1.3.4 Test Requirement {#a.2.5.1.3.4-test-requirement .H6}

Tables 5.2A.2.5.1.3.4-1, 5.2A.2.5.1.3.4-2 and 5.2A.2.5.1.3.4-3 define
the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 and A.3.2.2 for each
component carrier for throughput test point combination shall meet or
exceed the specified value in Table 5.2A.2.5.1.3.4-1, 5.2A.2.5.1.3.4-2
and 5.2A.2.5.1.3.4-3 for the specified SNR including test tolerances for
the combination selected following the test rules outlined in
5.1.1.5.2-2.

Table 5.2A.2.5.1.3.4-1: Test requirements for Single carrier performance
for FDD 15 kHz SCS for HST-DPS CA configurations with 1 active PDSCH TCI
states

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Number of active PDSCH TCI states   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ----------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                      Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.1-15.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.8
  10                R.PDSCH.1-8.4 FDD    64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.2
  15                R.PDSCH.1-15.2       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.2
  20                R.PDSCH.1-15.3       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.0
  25                R.PDSCH.1-15.4       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.2
  30                R.PDSCH.1-15.5       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.2
  35                \[R.PDSCH.1-16.3\]   64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.0
  40                R.PDSCH.1-16.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.2
  45                \[R.PDSCH.1-16.4\]   64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.0
  50                R.PDSCH.1-16.2       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.3

Table 5.2A.2.5.1.3.4-2: Test requirements for Single carrier performance
for FDD 15 kHz SCS for HST-DPS CA configurations with 2 active PDSCH TCI
states

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Number of active PDSCH TCI states   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ----------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                      Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.1-15.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.8
  10                R.PDSCH.1-8.4 FDD    64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.2
  15                R.PDSCH.1-15.2       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.2
  20                R.PDSCH.1-15.3       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.0
  25                R.PDSCH.1-15.4       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.2
  30                R.PDSCH.1-15.5       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.2
  35                \[R.PDSCH.1-16.3\]   64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.0
  40                R.PDSCH.1-16.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.2
  45                \[R.PDSCH.1-16.4\]   64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.0
  50                R.PDSCH.1-16.2       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.3

Table 5.2A.2.5.1.3.4-3: Test requirements for Single carrier performance
for TDD 30 kHz SCS for HST-DPS CA configurations with 1 active PDSCH TCI
states

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Number of active PDSCH TCI states   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ----------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                      Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.2-22.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.9
  10                R.PDSCH.2-22.2       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.9
  15                R.PDSCH.2-22.3       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.8
  20                R.PDSCH.2-22.4       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.9
  25                R.PDSCH.2-22.5       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.0
  30                R.PDSCH.2-23.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.0
  40                R.PDSCH.2-10.5 TDD   64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.9
  50                R.PDSCH.2-23.2       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.1
  60                R.PDSCH.2-23.3       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.1
  80                R.PDSCH.2-23.4       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.0
  90                R.PDSCH.2-23.5       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.2
  100               R.PDSCH.2-24.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.1

Table 5.2A.2.5.1.3.4-4: Test requirements for Single carrier performance
for TDD 30 kHz SCS for HST-DPS CA configurations with 2 active PDSCH TCI
states

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Number of active PDSCH TCI states   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ----------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                      Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.2-22.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.9
  10                R.PDSCH.2-22.2       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.9
  15                R.PDSCH.2-22.3       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.8
  20                R.PDSCH.2-22.4       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.9
  25                R.PDSCH.2-22.5       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.0
  30                R.PDSCH.2-23.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.0
  40                R.PDSCH.2-10.5 TDD   64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   13.9
  50                R.PDSCH.2-23.2       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.1
  60                R.PDSCH.2-23.3       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.1
  80                R.PDSCH.2-23.4       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.0
  90                R.PDSCH.2-23.5       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.2
  100               R.PDSCH.2-24.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x2                                            70                                   14.1

### 5.2A.3 4RX requirements

#### 5.2A.3.1 Requirements for 4RX normal PDSCH

##### 5.2A.3.1.0 Minimum conformance requirements for 4RX normal PDSCH

For CA with different numbers of DL component carriers, the requirements
are defined in Table 5.2A.3.1.0-4 based on the single carrier
requirements for different SCSs and different bandwidth specified in
Table 5.2A.3.1.0-1 to Table 5.2A.3.1.0-3, with the parameters in Table
5.2A-1 to Table 5.2A-3 and the downlink physical channel setup according
to Annex C.2.1. The performance requirements specified in this
sub-clause do not apply for UE single carrier test.

Table 5.2A.3.1.0-1: Single carrier performance for FDD 15 kHz SCS for CA
configurations

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                  Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.1-9.1 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   8.5
  10                R.PDSCH.1-2.2 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   8.5
  15                R.PDSCH.1-9.2 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   8.6
  20                R.PDSCH.1-9.3 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   8.6
  25                R.PDSCH.1-9.4 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   8.7
  30                R.PDSCH.1-9.5 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   8.6
  40                R.PDSCH.1-10.1 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   8.7
  50                R.PDSCH.1-10.2 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   8.9

Table 5.2A.3.1.0-2: Single carrier performance for TDD 15 kHz SCS for CA
configurations

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- ------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                 Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.1-2.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   8.5
  10                R.PDSCH.1-2.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   8.6
  15                R.PDSCH.1-2.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   8.7
  20                R.PDSCH.1-2.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   8.6
  25                R.PDSCH.1-2.5 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   8.8
  30                R.PDSCH.1-3.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   8.6
  40                R.PDSCH.1-3.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   8.8
  50                R.PDSCH.1-3.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.0

Table 5.2A.3.1.0-3: Single carrier performance for TDD 30 kHz SCS for CA
configurations

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                  Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.2-13.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   8.5
  10                R.PDSCH.2-13.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   8.5
  15                R.PDSCH.2-13.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   8.5
  20                R.PDSCH.2-13.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   8.6
  25                R.PDSCH.2-13.5 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   8.6
  30                R.PDSCH.2-14.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   8.6
  40                R.PDSCH.2-2.2 TDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   8.7
  50                R.PDSCH.2-14.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   8.9
  60                R.PDSCH.2-14.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   8.8
  80                R.PDSCH.2-14.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.1
  90                R.PDSCH.2-14.5 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.0
  100               R.PDSCH.2-15.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.3

Table 5.2A.3.1.0-4: Minimum performance for multiple CA configurations

  Test number                                                                                                                                              CA duplex mode            Minimum performance requirements
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------
  1                                                                                                                                                        FDD 15 kHz + FDD 15 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.3.1.0-1
  2                                                                                                                                                        TDD 30 kHz + TDD 30 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.3.1.0-3
  3                                                                                                                                                        FDD 15 kHz + TDD 30 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.3.1.0-1 and Table 5.2A.3.1.0-3 per CC
  4                                                                                                                                                        FDD 15 kHz + TDD 15 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.3.1.0-1 and Table 5.2A.3.1.0-2 per CC
  5                                                                                                                                                        TDD 15 kHz + TDD 30 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.3.1.0-2 and Table 5.2A.3.1.0-3 per CC
  Note 1: The applicability of requirements for different CA duplex modes, SCSs, CA configurations and bandwidth combination sets is defined in 5.1.1.5.                             

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2A.3.1.

##### 5.2A.3.1.1 4Rx Normal PDSCH Demodulation Performance for CA (2DL CA)

##### 5.2A.3.1.1.1 Test Purpose {#a.3.1.1.1-test-purpose .H6}

To verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 4 receive
antenna conditions for multiple CA configurations and with different
channel models, MCSs and number of MIMO layers for a specified downlink
Reference Measurement Channel (RMC) to achieve a certain throughput per
CC.

##### 5.2A.3.1.1.2 Test applicability {#a.3.1.1.2-test-applicability .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward
supporting 2DL CA and 4Rx antenna ports on each CC.

##### 5.2A.3.1.1.3 Test description {#a.3.1.1.3-test-description .H6}

##### 5.2A.3.1.1.3.1 Initial conditions {#a.3.1.1.3.1-initial-conditions .H6}

Same initial conditions as specified in clause 5.2A.2.1.1.3.1 with the
following exception

Channel BW to be tested: largest aggregated bandwidth combination as per
Table 5.1.1.5.2-2.

CA capability to be tested: As per table 5.1.1.5.2-1

Table 5.2A.3.1.1.3.1-1: Test point selection table

+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Test number          | CA duplex mode       | Minimum performance  |
|                      |                      | requirements         |
+======================+======================+======================+
| 1                    | FDD 15 kHz + FDD 15  | As defined in Table  |
|                      | kHz                  | 5.2A.3.1.0-1         |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| 2                    | TDD 30 kHz + TDD 30  | As defined in Table  |
|                      | kHz                  | 5.2A.3.1.0-3         |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| 3                    | FDD 15 kHz + TDD 30  | As defined in Table  |
|                      | kHz                  | 5.2A.3.1.0-1 and     |
|                      |                      | Table 5.2A.3.1.0-3   |
|                      |                      | per CC               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| 4 (note 2)           | FDD 15 kHz + TDD 15  | As defined in Table  |
|                      | kHz                  | 5.2A.3.1.0-1 and     |
|                      |                      | Table 5.2A.3.1.0-2   |
|                      |                      | per CC               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| 5 (note 3)           | TDD 15 kHz + TDD 30  | As defined in Table  |
|                      | kHz                  | 5.2A.3.1.0-2 and     |
|                      |                      | Table 5.2A.3.1.0-3   |
|                      |                      | per CC               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Note 1: For each     |                      |                      |
| test point, select   |                      |                      |
| any one of the CA    |                      |                      |
| configurations which |                      |                      |
| contain CA bandwidth |                      |                      |
| combination with the |                      |                      |
| largest aggregated   |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidth    |                      |                      |
| and supported        |                      |                      |
| maximum data rate    |                      |                      |
| based on the         |                      |                      |
| equation             |                      |                      |
| $\text{Data          |                      |                      |
| Rate} = 10^{- 3}\sum |                      |                      |
| _{j = 1}^{J}{\text{T |                      |                      |
| BS}_{j}2^{\mu_{j}}}$ |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 2: Test point 4 |                      |                      |
| can be skipped if    |                      |                      |
| test point 3 is      |                      |                      |
| verified.            |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 3: Test point 5 |                      |                      |
| can be skipped if    |                      |                      |
| test point 2 is      |                      |                      |
| verified.            |                      |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.7
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.6 for UE diagram.

##### 5.2A.3.1.1.3.2 Test procedure {#a.3.1.1.3.2-test-procedure .H6}

1\. Configure SCC according to Annex C.0, C.1 and C.2 for all downlink
physical channels.

2\. The SS shall configure SCCs as per TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 5.5.1.
Message contents are defined in clause 5.2 A.3.1.1.3.3.

3\. SS activates SCC by sending the activation MAC-CE (Refer TS 38.321
\[24\], clauses 5.9, 6.1.3.10). Wait for at least 1 second (Refer TS
38.133\[25\], clause9.3).

4\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2A.3.1.0-1 to 5.2A.3.1.0-4 as
appropriate on both PCC and SCCs. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits
on the DL RMC.

5\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2A.3.1.0-1 to 5.2A.3.1.0-4 as appropriate on both PCC and SCCs.

6\. Measure the average throughput on each component carrier
simultaneously for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G.1.5. Count the number of NACKs, ACKs
and statDTXs on the UL and decide pass or fail according to Table
G.1.5-1 in Annex G.1.5.

7\. Repeat steps from 1 to 6 for each test points in Table 5.2A.3.1.0-4
as appropriate.

##### 5.2A.3.1.1.3.3 Message contents {#a.3.1.1.3.3-message-contents .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2A.3.1.1.4 Test Requirement {#a.3.1.1.4-test-requirement .H6}

Tables 5.2A.3.1.1.4-1, 5.2A.3.1.1.4-2 and 5.2A.3.1.1.4-3 define the
primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 and A.3.2.2 for each
component carrier for throughput test point combination shall meet or
exceed the specified value in Table 5.2A.3.1.1.4-1, 5.2A.3.1.1.4-2 and
5.2A.3.1.1.4-3 for the specified SNR including test tolerances for the
combination selected following the test rules outlined in 5.1.1.5.2-2.

Table 5.2A.3.1.1.4-1: Test requirements for FDD 15 kHz SCS for CA
configurations

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                  Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.1-9.1 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.4
  10                R.PDSCH.1-2.2 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.4
  15                R.PDSCH.1-9.2 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.5
  20                R.PDSCH.1-9.3 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.5
  25                R.PDSCH.1-9.4 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.6
  30                R.PDSCH.1-9.5 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.5
  40                R.PDSCH.1-10.1 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.6
  50                R.PDSCH.1-10.2 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.8

Table 5.2A.3.1.1.4-2: Test requirements for TDD 15 kHz SCS for CA
configurations

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- ------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                 Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.1-2.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.4
  10                R.PDSCH.1-2.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.5
  15                R.PDSCH.1-2.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.6
  20                R.PDSCH.1-2.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.5
  25                R.PDSCH.1-2.5 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.7
  30                R.PDSCH.1-3.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.5
  40                R.PDSCH.1-3.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.7
  50                R.PDSCH.1-3.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.9

Table 5.2A.3.1.1.4-3: Test requirements for TDD 30 kHz SCS for CA
configurations

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                  Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.2-13.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.4
  10                R.PDSCH.2-13.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.4
  15                R.PDSCH.2-13.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.4
  20                R.PDSCH.2-13.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.5
  25                R.PDSCH.2-13.5 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.5
  30                R.PDSCH.2-14.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.5
  40                R.PDSCH.2-2.2 TDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.6
  50                R.PDSCH.2-14.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.8
  60                R.PDSCH.2-14.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.7
  80                R.PDSCH.2-14.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   10.0
  90                R.PDSCH.2-14.5 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.9
  100               R.PDSCH.2-15.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   10.2

##### 5.2A.3.1.2 4Rx Normal PDSCH Demodulation Performance for CA (3DL CA)

##### 5.2A.3.1.2.1 Test Purpose {#a.3.1.2.1-test-purpose .H6}

Same as 5.2A.3.1.1.1

##### 5.2A.3.1.2.2 Test applicability {#a.3.1.2.2-test-applicability .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward
supporting 3DL CA and 4Rx antenna ports on each CC.

##### 5.2A.3.1.2.3 Test description {#a.3.1.2.3-test-description .H6}

##### 5.2A.3.1.2.3.1 Initial conditions {#a.3.1.2.3.1-initial-conditions .H6}

Same as 5.2A.3.1.1.3.1

##### 5.2A.3.1.2.3.2 Test procedure {#a.3.1.2.3.2-test-procedure .H6}

1\. Configure SCC according to Annex C.0, C.1 and C.2 for all downlink
physical channels.

2\. The SS shall configure SCCs as per TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 5.5.1.
Message contents are defined in clause 5.2 A.3.1.2.3.3.

3\. SS activates SCC by sending the activation MAC-CE (Refer TS 38.321
\[24\], clauses 5.9, 6.1.3.10). Wait for at least 1 second (Refer TS
38.133\[25\], clause9.3).

4\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2A.3.1.0-1 to 5.2A.3.1.0-4 as
appropriate on both PCC and SCCs. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits
on the DL RMC.

5\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2A.3.1.0-1 to 5.2A.3.1.0-4 as appropriate on both PCC and SCCs.

6\. Measure the average throughput on each component carrier
simultaneously for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G.1.5. Count the number of NACKs, ACKs
and statDTXs on the UL and decide pass or fail according to Table
G.1.5-1 in Annex G.1.5.

7\. Repeat steps from 1 to 6 for each test points in Table 5.2A.3.1.0-4
as appropriate.

##### 5.2A.3.1.2.3.3 Message contents {#a.3.1.2.3.3-message-contents .H6}

Same as 5.2A.3.1.1.3.3

##### 5.2A.3.1.2.4 Test Requirement {#a.3.1.2.4-test-requirement .H6}

Same as 5.2A.3.1.1.4 evaluated per component carrier.

##### 5.2A.3.1.3 4Rx Normal PDSCH Demodulation Performance for CA (4DL CA)

##### 5.2A.3.1.3.1 Test Purpose {#a.3.1.3.1-test-purpose .H6}

Same as 5.2A.3.1.1.1

##### 5.2A.3.1.3.2 Test applicability {#a.3.1.3.2-test-applicability .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward
supporting 4DL CA and 4Rx antenna ports on each CC.

##### 5.2A.3.1.3.3 Test description {#a.3.1.3.3-test-description .H6}

##### 5.2A.3.1.3.3.1 Initial conditions {#a.3.1.3.3.1-initial-conditions .H6}

Same as 5.2A.3.1.1.3.1

##### 5.2A.3.1.3.3.2 Test procedure {#a.3.1.3.3.2-test-procedure .H6}

1\. Configure SCC according to Annex C.0, C.1 and C.2 for all downlink
physical channels.

2\. The SS shall configure SCCs as per TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 5.5.1.
Message contents are defined in clause 5.2 A.3.1.3.3.3.

3\. SS activates SCC by sending the activation MAC-CE (Refer TS 38.321
\[24\], clauses 5.9, 6.1.3.10). Wait for at least 1 second (Refer TS
38.133\[25\], clause9.3).

4\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2A.3.1.0-1 to 5.2A.3.1.0-4 as
appropriate on both PCC and SCCs. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits
on the DL RMC.

5\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2A.3.1.0-1 to 5.2A.3.1.0-4 as appropriate on both PCC and SCCs.

6\. Measure the average throughput on each component carrier
simultaneously for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G.1.5. Count the number of NACKs, ACKs
and statDTXs on the UL and decide pass or fail according to Table
G.1.5-1 in Annex G.1.5.

7\. Repeat steps from 1 to 6 for each test points in Table 5.2A.3.1.0-4
as appropriate.

##### 5.2A.3.1.3.3.3 Message contents {#a.3.1.3.3.3-message-contents .H6}

Same as 5.2A.3.1.1.3.3

##### 5.2A.3.1.3.4 Test Requirement {#a.3.1.3.4-test-requirement .H6}

Same as 5.2A.3.1.1.3.4 evaluated per component carrier.

#### 5.2A.3.2 Requirements for 4RX PDSCH carrier aggregation with power imbalance

##### 5.2A.3.2.0 Minimum requirements for carrier aggregation with power imbalance

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.2A.3.2.0-3 and
Table 5.2A.3.2.0-4, with the addition of test parameters in Table
5.2A.3.2.0-2 and the downlink physical channel setup according to Annex
C.2.1.

The test purposes are specified in Table 5.2A.3.2.0-1.

Table 5.2A.3.2.0-1: Tests purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Test index
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify the ability of an intra-band adjacent carrier aggregation UE to demodulate the signal transmitted by the PCell or SCell in the presence of a stronger SCell or PCell signal on an adjacent frequency. Throughput is measured on the PCell or SCell only   

Table 5.2A.3.2.0-2: Test parameters

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Parameter      | Unit           | Value          |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Duplex mode    |                | FDD and TDD    |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Active DL BWP  |                | 1              |                |
| index          |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Propagation    |                | Static         |                |
| condition      |                | propagation    |                |
|                |                | condition      |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                | No external    |                |
|                |                | noise sources  |                |
|                |                | are applied    |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Antenna        |                | 1x4            |                |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH          | Length (L)     |                | FDD: 12TDD: 12 |
| configuration  |                |                | for DL slot, 4 |
|                |                |                | for special    |
|                |                |                | slot           |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | WB             |
|                | size           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Modulation and |                | 64QAM, MCS 27  |                |
| code rate      |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Number of HARQ |                | FDD: 4         |                |
| Processes      |                |                |                |
|                |                | TDD: 8         |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Maximum number |                | 1              |                |
| of HARQ        |                |                |                |
| transmission   |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Redundancy     |                | {0}            |                |
| version coding |                |                |                |
| sequence       |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| TDD UL-DL      |                | 30kHz SCS:     |                |
| pattern        |                | FR1.30-1       |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| The number of  |                | As defined in  |                |
| slots between  |                | Table A.1.2-2  |                |
| PDSCH and      |                | for FR1.30-1   |                |
| corresponding  |                |                |                |
| HARQ-ACK       |                |                |                |
| information    |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PUCCH format   |                | PUCCH format 1 |                |
| for HARQ-ACK   |                |                |                |
| feedback       |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Overhead for   |                | 0              |                |
| TBS            |                |                |                |
| determination  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| SSB            |                | Slot\#0 with   |                |
| transmission   |                | periodicity    |                |
|                |                | 20ms           |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| RB assignment  |                | Full           |                |
|                |                | applicable     |                |
|                |                | test bandwidth |                |
|                |                | as defined in  |                |
|                |                | Table 5.3.5-1  |                |
|                |                | of TS 38.101-1 |                |
|                |                | \[2\]          |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2A.3.2.0-3: Minimum performance for FDD CA with 15 kHz SCS

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Band  | Refe  | Power | Refe  |       |       |       |       |
| N     | width | rence | at    | rence |       |       |       |       |
| umber | (MHz) | ch    | an    | value |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | annel | tenna |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | port  | Fra   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | (dB   | ction |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | m/Hz) | of    |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | Ma    |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ximum |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | Throu |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ghput |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       | PCell | SCell | PCell | SCell | for   | for   | PCell | SCell |
|       |       |       |       |       | PCell | Scell |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1     | Sel   | De    | NA    | -112  | -106  | 85    | NA    |       |
|       | ected | rived |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | Ch    | as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | annel | per   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | band  | se    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | width | ction |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | as    | 5.    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | per   | 1.3.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | se    | of TS |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | ction | 3     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 5.    | 8.214 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1.1.6 | \     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | [12\] |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 5.2A.3.2.0-4: Minimum performance for TDD CA with 30 kHz SCS

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Band  | Refe  | Power | Refe  |       |       |       |       |
| N     | width | rence | at    | rence |       |       |       |       |
| umber | (MHz) | ch    | an    | value |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | annel | tenna |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | port  | Fra   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | (dB   | ction |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | m/Hz) | of    |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | Ma    |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ximum |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | Throu |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ghput |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       | PCell | SCell | PCell | SCell | for   | for   | PCell | SCell |
|       |       |       |       |       | PCell | Scell |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1     | Sel   | De    | NA    | -112  | -106  | 85    | NA    |       |
|       | ected | rived |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | Ch    | as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | annel | per   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | band  | se    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | width | ction |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | as    | 5.    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | per   | 1.3.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | se    | of TS |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | ction | 3     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 5.    | 8.214 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1.1.6 | \     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | [12\] |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.2A.3.2.

##### 5.2A.3.2.1 4Rx PDSCH Demodulation Performance for CA with power imbalance (2DL CA)

##### 5.2A.3.2.1.1 Test Purpose {#a.3.2.1.1-test-purpose .H6}

To verify the ability of an intra-band adjacent carrier aggregation UE
to demodulate the signal transmitted by the PCell or SCell in the
presence of a stronger SCell or PCell signal on an adjacent frequency.
Throughput is measured on the PCell or SCell only.

##### 5.2A.3.2.1.2 Test applicability {#a.3.2.1.2-test-applicability .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward that
supports 2DL intra-band contiguous CA and 4Rx antenna ports.

##### 5.2A.3.2.1.3 Test description {#a.3.2.1.3-test-description .H6}

##### 5.2A.3.2.1.3.1 Initial conditions {#a.3.2.1.3.1-initial-conditions .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.3.1.1.

Band selection: Supported intra-band contiguous CA configurations
covering the lowest and highest operating bands,

Channel BW combination to be tested: Select bandwidth combination with
same bandwidth in each carrier. If not supported, select bandwidth
combination with smallest bandwidth difference between the two carriers
and the carrier with smaller bandwidth will be used for the test.

CA capability to be tested: Either FDD or TDD intra-band contiguous CA

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.2A
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.5 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2A-1 to Table 5.2A-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.1.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.5. Message
contents are defined in clause 5.2A.3.2.1.3.3.

##### 5.2A.3.2.1.3.2 Test procedure {#a.3.2.1.3.2-test-procedure .H6}

Same test procedure as specified in clause 5.2A.2.2.1.3.2 with the
following exception.

Instead of Table 5.2A.2.2.1.3.3 5.2A.3.2.1.3.3

Instead of Table 5.2A.2.2.0-2 5.2A.3.2.0-2

Instead of Table 5.2A.2.2.0-4 5.2A.3.2.0-4

##### 5.2A.3.2.1.3.3 Message contents {#a.3.2.1.3.3-message-contents .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2A.3.2.1.4 Test Requirement {#a.3.2.1.4-test-requirement .H6}

Table 5.2A.3.2.0-2, Table 5.2A.3.2.1.4-1 and Table 5.2A.3.2.1.4-2 define
the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the MCS scheduled as
specified in Table 5.2A.3.2.0-2 for the throughput test shall meet or
exceed the specified value in Table 5.2A.3.2.1.4-1 or Table
5.2A.3.2.1.4-2 as applicable for the specified cell power levels.

Table 5.2A.3.2.1.4-1: Test Requirements for FDD CA with 15 kHz SCS

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Band  | Refe  | Power | Refe  |       |       |       |       |
| N     | width | rence | at    | rence |       |       |       |       |
| umber | (MHz) | ch    | an    | value |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | annel | tenna |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | port  | Fra   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | (dB   | ction |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | m/Hz) | of    |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | Ma    |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ximum |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | Throu |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ghput |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       | PCell | SCell | PCell | SCell | for   | for   | PCell | SCell |
|       |       |       |       |       | PCell | Scell |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1     | Sel   | De    | NA    | -112  | -106  | 85    | NA    |       |
|       | ected | rived |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | Ch    | as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | annel | per   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | band  | se    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | width | ction |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | as    | 5.    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | per   | 1.3.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | se    | of TS |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | ction | 3     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 5.    | 8.214 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1.1.6 | \     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | [12\] |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 5.2A.3.2.1.4-2: Test Requirements for TDD CA with 30 kHz SCS

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Test  | Band  | Refe  | Power | Refe  |       |       |       |       |
| N     | width | rence | at    | rence |       |       |       |       |
| umber | (MHz) | ch    | an    | value |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | annel | tenna |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | port  | Fra   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | (dB   | ction |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | m/Hz) | of    |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | Ma    |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ximum |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | Throu |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ghput |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (%)   |       |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       | PCell | SCell | PCell | SCell | for   | for   | PCell | SCell |
|       |       |       |       |       | PCell | Scell |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 1     | Sel   | De    | NA    | -112  | -106  | 85    | NA    |       |
|       | ected | rived |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | Ch    | as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | annel | per   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | band  | se    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | width | ction |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | as    | 5.    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | per   | 1.3.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | se    | of TS |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | ction | 3     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 5.    | 8.214 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1.1.6 | \     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | [12\] |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

##### 5.2A.3.3 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping type A performance of SCell on band with shared spectrum access

##### 5.2A.3.3.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#a.3.3.0-minimum-conformance-requirements .H6}

The performance requirements for SCell on band with shared spectrum
access are specified in Table 5.2.3.2.15.0-3, with the additional test
parameters for SCell in Table 5.2.3.2.15.0-2, and the test parameters
for PCell are specified in Table 5.2A.3.3.0-2 and the downlink physical
channel setup according to Annex C.2.1.

Table 5.2A.3.3.0-1: Tests purpose

  **Purpose**                                                                                    **Test index**
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------
  Verify the PDSCH performance of SCell for UE supporting operations in shared spectrum access   1-1, 1-2, 1-3, 1-4

Table 5.2A.3.3.0-2: Test parameters for PCell

  Parameter                                                                  Unit                                                      Value                                                              
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------ -----------------
  Duplex mode                                                                                                                          TDD                                                                
  Bandwidth                                                                  MHz                                                       20                                                                 
  Subcarrier spacing                                                         kHz                                                       30                                                                 
  Active DL BWP index                                                                                                                  1                                                                  
  TDD pattern                                                                                                                          FR1.30-1                                                           
  PDSCH configuration                                                        Mapping type                                                                                                                 Type A
                                                                             k0                                                                                                                           0
                                                                             Starting symbol (S)                                                                                                          2
                                                                             Length (L)                                                                                                                   12
                                                                             PDSCH aggregation factor                                                                                                     1
                                                                             PRB bundling type                                                                                                            Static
                                                                             PRB bundling size                                                                                                            2
                                                                             Resource allocation type                                                                                                     Type 0
                                                                             RBG size                                                                                                                     Config2
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping type                                                                                                      Non-interleaved
                                                                             VRB-to-PRB mapping interleaver bundle size                                                                                   N/A
  PDSCH DMRS configuration                                                   DMRS Type                                                                                                                    Type 1
                                                                             Dmrs-AdditionalPosition                                                                                                      pos1
                                                                             Maximum number of OFDM symbols for DL front loaded DMRS                                                                      1
  Number of HARQ Processes                                                                                                             8                                                                  
  The number of slots between PDSCH and corresponding HARQ-ACK information                                                             Specific to each TDD UL-DL pattern and as defined in Annex A.1.2   

##### 5.2A.3.3.1 Test purpose {#a.3.3.1-test-purpose .H6}

To verify the PDSCH mapping Type A performance under 4 receive antenna
conditions for SCell on a band with shared spectrum access and with
different channel bandwidth, for a specific fading channel model for a
specified downlink Reference Measurement Channel (RMC) to achieve a
certain throughput.

During the test, only the PDSCH performance of the SCell shall be
verified.

##### 5.2A.3.3.2 Test applicability {#a.3.3.2-test-applicability .H6}

This test applies to all types of UE release 16 and forward supporting
NR/5GC and NR-U 2DLCA and supporting UL on shared channel access.

This test also applies to all types of UE release 16 and forward
supporting EN-DC and NR-U 2DLCA and supporting UL on shared channel
access.

##### 5.2A.3.3.3 Test description {#a.3.3.3-test-description .H6}

##### 5.2A.3.3.3.1 Initial conditions {#a.3.3.3.1-initial-conditions .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1 and Table 5.2A.3.3.0-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for NR/5GC with *Connected without Release
On, Test Mode* On or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
release On, Test Mode* On for EN-DC according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2A.3.3.3.3.

##### 5.2A.3.3.3.2 Test procedure {#a.3.3.3.2-test-procedure .H6}

1\. Configure SCell according to Annex C.0, C.1 and C.2 for all downlink
physical channels.

2\. The SS shall configure SCell as per TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 5.5.1.
Message contents are defined in clause 5.2A.3.1.1.3.3.

3\. SS activates SCell by sending the activation MAC-CE (Refer TS 38.321
\[24\], clauses 5.9, 6.1.3.10). Wait for at least 1 second (Refer TS
38.133\[25\], clause9.3).

4\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Table 5.2.3.2.15.0-3 on SCell. The SS sends
downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

5\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Tables 5.2.3.2.15.0-3 on SCell.

6\. Measure the average throughput on SCell for a duration sufficient to
achieve statistical significance according to Annex G.1.5. Count the
number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL and decide pass or fail
according to Table G.1.5-1 in Annex G.1.5.

7\. Repeat steps from 1 to 6 for each test point in Table 5.2.3.2.15.0-3
as appropriate.

##### 5.2A.3.3.3.3 Message contents {#a.3.3.3.3-message-contents .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2A.3.3.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for NR/5GC {#a.3.3.3.3_1-message-exceptions-for-nr5gc .H6}

Same as in Clause 5.2.2.2.15\_1.3.3\_1

##### 5.2A.3.3.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for EN-DC {#a.3.3.3.3_2-message-exceptions-for-en-dc .H6}

Same as in Clause 5.2.2.2.15\_1.3.3\_2

##### 5.2A.3.3.3.4 Test requirement {#a.3.3.3.4-test-requirement .H6}

Table 5.2.3.2.15.3.4-1 define the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 for each throughput test
shall meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.2.3.2.15.3.4-1 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

#### 5.2A.3.4 Requirements for 4RX HST-SFN CA PDSCH

##### 5.2A.3.4.0 Minimum conformance requirements for 4RX HST-SFN CA PDSCH

For HST-SFN CA with different numbers of DL component carriers, the
requirements are defined in Table 5.2A.3.4.0-5 based on the single
carrier requirements for different SCSs and different bandwidth
specified in Table 5.2A.3.4.0-3 and Table 5.2A.3.4.0-4, with the
parameters in Table 5.2A.3.4.0-2, Table 5.2A-2, Table 5.2A-3, and the
downlink physical channel setup according to Annex C.2.1. The
performance requirements specified in this sub-clause do not apply for
UE single carrier test.

The test purpose is specified in Table 5.2A.3.4.0-1.

Table 5.2A.3.4.0-1: Test purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                        Test index
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Verify PDSCH performance under 4 receive antenna conditions in the HST-SFN scenario defined in B.3.2 with CA   1, 2, 3

Table 5.2A.3.4.0-2: Test parameters

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Parameter      | Unit           | Value          |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Duplex mode    |                | FDD and TDD    |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Active DL BWP  |                | 1              |                |
| index          |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH          | Mapping type   |                | Type A         |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | k0             |                | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Starting       |                | 2              |
|                | symbol (S)     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Length (L)     |                | 12             |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PDSCH          |                | 1              |
|                | aggregation    |                |                |
|                | factor         |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | Static         |
|                | type           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | PRB bundling   |                | 2              |
|                | size           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Resource       |                | Type 0         |
|                | allocation     |                |                |
|                | type           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | RBG size       |                | Config2        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N              |
|                | mapping type   |                | on-interleaved |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | VRB-to-PRB     |                | N/A            |
|                | mapping        |                |                |
|                | interleaver    |                |                |
|                | bundle size    |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH DMRS     | DMRS Type      |                | Type 1         |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Number of      |                | 2              |
|                | additional     |                |                |
|                | DMRS           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Maximum number |                | 1              |
|                | of OFDM        |                |                |
|                | symbols for DL |                |                |
|                | front loaded   |                |                |
|                | DMRS           |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CSI-RS for     | CSI-RS         | Slots          | FDD: 10 for    |
| tracking       | periodicity    |                | CSI-RS         |
|                |                |                | resource       |
|                |                |                | 1,2,3,4.       |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | TDD: 20 for    |
|                |                |                | CSI-RS         |
|                |                |                | resource       |
|                |                |                | 1,2,3,4.       |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-RS offset  | Slots          | 1 for CSI-RS   |
|                |                |                | resource 1 and |
|                |                |                | 2\             |
|                |                |                | 2 for CSI-RS   |
|                |                |                | resource 3 and |
|                |                |                | 4.             |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Frequency      |                | Start PRB = 0  |
|                | Occupation     |                |                |
|                |                |                | Number of PRB  |
|                |                |                | = 52 for TDD   |
|                |                |                | with BW 20MHz  |
|                |                |                | and higher BW  |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Number of PRB  |
|                |                |                | = 52 for FDD   |
|                |                |                | with BW 15MHz  |
|                |                |                | and higher BW  |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Number of PRB  |
|                |                |                | = ceil(BWP     |
|                |                |                | size/4)\*4 for |
|                |                |                | other case     |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Number of HARQ |                | As defined in  |                |
| Processes      |                | Table 5.2A-2   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| TDD UL-DL      |                | 15 kHz SCS:    |                |
| pattern        |                | FR1.15-1       |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                | 30 kHz SCS:    |                |
|                |                | FR1.30-1       |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| The number of  |                | As defined in  |                |
| slots between  |                | Table 5.2A-3   |                |
| PDSCH and      |                |                |                |
| corresponding  |                |                |                |
| HARQ-ACK       |                |                |                |
| information    |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Number of      |                | 1              |                |
| PUCCH          |                |                |                |
| ResourceGroups |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PUCCH format   |                | PUCCH format 1 |                |
| for HARQ-ACK   |                | for cases with |                |
| feedback       |                | no more than 2 |                |
|                |                | DL CCs         |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                | PUCCH format 3 |                |
|                |                | for cases with |                |
|                |                | more than 2 DL |                |
|                |                | CCs            |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2A.3.4.0-3: Single carrier performance for FDD 15 kHz SCS for CA
configurations

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                  Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.1-13.1 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   10.5
  10                R.PDSCH.1-8.3 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   10.7
  15                R.PDSCH.1-13.2 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   11.1
  20                R.PDSCH.1-13.3 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   11.5
  25                R.PDSCH.1-13.4 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   11.6
  30                R.PDSCH.1-13.5 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   11.8
  35                R.PDSCH.1-14.3 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   11.7
  40                R.PDSCH.1-14.1 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   11.9
  45                R.PDSCH.1-14.4 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   11.7
  50                R.PDSCH.1-14.2 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   11.9

Table 5.2A.3.4.0-4: Single carrier performance for TDD 30 kHz SCS for CA
configurations

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                  Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.2-19.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   12.0
  10                R.PDSCH.2-19.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   11.8
  15                R.PDSCH.2-19.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   12.1
  20                R.PDSCH.2-19.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   11.8
  25                R.PDSCH.2-19.5 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   11.9
  30                R.PDSCH.2-20.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   12.2
  40                R.PDSCH.2-10.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   12.4
  50                R.PDSCH.2-20.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   12.6
  60                R.PDSCH.2-20.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   12.5
  80                R.PDSCH.2-20.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   12.7
  90                R.PDSCH.2-20.5 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   12.7
  100               R.PDSCH.2-21.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   12.7

Table 5.2A.3.4.0-5: Minimum performance for multiple CA configurations

  Test number                                                                                                                                                      CA duplex mode            Minimum performance requirements
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------
  1                                                                                                                                                                FDD 15 kHz + FDD 15 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.3.4.0-3
  2                                                                                                                                                                TDD 30 kHz + TDD 30 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.3.4.0-4
  3                                                                                                                                                                FDD 15 kHz + TDD 30 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.3.4.0-3 and Table 5.2A.3.4.0-4 per CC
  Note 1: The applicability of requirements for different CA duplex modes, SCSs, CA configurations and bandwidth combination sets is defined in Section 5.1.1.7.                             

The normative reference for this requirement is TS38.101-4 \[5\], clause
5.2A.3.4.

##### 5.2A.3.4.1 4RX PDSCH Demodulation Performance for HST-SFN CA

##### 5.2A.3.4.1.1 Test Purpose {#a.3.4.1.1-test-purpose .H6}

Verify PDSCH performance under 4 receive antenna conditions in the
HST-SFN scenario defined in B.3.2 with CA.

##### 5.2A.3.4.1.2 Test applicability {#a.3.4.1.2-test-applicability .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward that
supports enhanced demodulation processing for carrier aggregation for
HST-SFN joint transmission scheme and 4Rx antenna ports.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 16 and forward
supporting EN-DC that supports enhanced demodulation processing for
carrier aggregation for HST-SFN joint transmission scheme and 4Rx
antenna ports.

##### 5.2A.3.4.1.3 Test description {#a.3.4.1.3-test-description .H6}

##### 5.2A.3.4.1.3.1 Initial conditions {#a.3.4.1.3.1-initial-conditions .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

Channel BW to be tested: largest aggregated bandwidth combination as per
Table 5.1.1.5.2-2.

CA capability to be tested: As per table 5.1.1.5.2-1

Table 5.2A.3.4.1.3.1-1: Test point selection table

  Test number                                                                                                                                                      CA duplex mode            Minimum performance requirements
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------
  1                                                                                                                                                                FDD 15 kHz + FDD 15 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.3.4.0-3
  2                                                                                                                                                                TDD 30 kHz + TDD 30 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.3.4.0-4
  3                                                                                                                                                                FDD 15 kHz + TDD 30 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.3.4.0-3 and Table 5.2A.3.4.0-4 per CC
  Note 1: The applicability of requirements for different CA duplex modes, SCSs, CA configurations and bandwidth combination sets is defined in Section 5.1.1.7.                             

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.4
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2A-1 to Table 5.2A-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.3.2.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.5. Message
contents are defined in clause 5.2A.3.4.1.3.3.

##### 5.2A.3.4.1.3.2 Test procedure {#a.3.4.1.3.2-test-procedure .H6}

1\. Configure SCC according to Annex C.0, C.1 and C.2 for all downlink
physical channels.

2\. The SS shall configure SCC as per TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 5.5.1.
Message contents are defined in clause 5.2A.3.4.1.3.3.

3\. SS activates SCC by sending the activation MAC-CE (Refer TS 38.321
\[18\], clauses 5.9, 6.1.3.10). Wait for at least 1 second (Refer TS
38.133\[19\], clause 9.3).

4\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2A.3.4.0-2 to 5.2A.3.4.0-5 as
appropriate on both PCC and SCC. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits
on the DL RMC.

5\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
5.2A.3.4.1.3.4-1 and 5.2A.3.4.1.3.4-2 as appropriate on both PCC and
SCC.

6\. Measure the average throughput on each component carrier
simultaneously for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G.1.5. Count the number of NACKs, ACKs
and statDTXs on the UL and decide pass or fail according to Table
G.1.5-1 in Annex G.1.5.

7\. Repeat steps from 1 to 6 for each test points in Table
5.2A.3.4.1.3.1-1 as appropriate.

##### 5.2A.3.4.1.3.3 Message contents {#a.3.4.1.3.3-message-contents .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2 with the following exceptions:

Table 5.2A.3.4.1.3.3-1: DMRS-DownlinkConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-24                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  DMRS-DownlinkConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                              
  dmrs-AdditionalPosition                                Not present              
  }                                                                               

Table 5.2A.3.4.1.3.3-2: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| Derivation Path:  |              |                   |           |
| TS 38.508-1       |              |                   |           |
| \[6\], Table      |              |                   |           |
| 5.4.2.0-25        |              |                   |           |
+===================+==============+===================+===========+
| Information       | Value/remark | Comment           | Condition |
| Element           |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| PDSCH-            |              |                   |           |
| ServingCellConfig |              |                   |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {    |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| nrofHARQ-         | n4           | test 1-1          |           |
| ProcessesForPDSCH |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
|                   | n8           | test 1-2          |           |
|                   |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | test 1-3 (FDD and |           |
|                   |              | TDD)              |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
|                   | n10          | test 1-3 (TDD and |           |
|                   |              | FDD)              |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| }                 |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+

Table 5.2A.3.4.1.3.3-3: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Tracking

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+------------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |            |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |            |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |            |
| Table           |                 |                 |            |
| 5.4.2.0-10      |                 |                 |            |
+=================+=================+=================+============+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition  |
| Element         |                 |                 |            |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+------------+
| CS              |                 |                 |            |
| I-ResourcePerio |                 |                 |            |
| dicityAndOffset |                 |                 |            |
| ::= CHOICE {    |                 |                 |            |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+------------+
| slots10         | 1 for CSI-RS    | periodicity:    | SCS 15 kHz |
|                 | resource \#1    |                 |            |
|                 | and \#2         | 10 slots for    |            |
|                 |                 | resource        |            |
|                 | 2 for CSI-RS    | 1,2,3,4.        |            |
|                 | resource \#3    |                 |            |
|                 | and \#4         | offset = 1 for  |            |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |            |
|                 |                 | 1 and 2         |            |
|                 |                 |                 |            |
|                 |                 | offset =2 for   |            |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |            |
|                 |                 | 3 and 4.        |            |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+------------+
| slots20         | 1 for CSI-RS    | periodicity:    | SCS 30 kHz |
|                 | resource \#1    |                 |            |
|                 | and \#2         | 20 slots for    |            |
|                 |                 | resource        |            |
|                 | 2 for CSI-RS    | 1,2,3,4.        |            |
|                 | resource \#3    |                 |            |
|                 | and \#4         | offset = 1 for  |            |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |            |
|                 |                 | 1 and 2         |            |
|                 |                 |                 |            |
|                 |                 | offset =2 for   |            |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |            |
|                 |                 | 3 and 4.        |            |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+------------+
| }               |                 |                 |            |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+------------+

**Table 5.2A.3.4.1.3.3-4: CSI-FrequencyOccupation for CSI Tracking**

+----------------+----------------+----------------+---------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |               |
| Path: TS       |                |                |               |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |               |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |               |
| **5.4.2.0-11** |                |                |               |
+================+================+================+===============+
| **Information  | **             | **Comment**    | **Condition** |
| Element**      | Value/remark** |                |               |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+---------------+
| CSI-Frequ      |                |                |               |
| encyOccupation |                |                |               |
| ::= SEQUENCE { |                |                |               |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+---------------+
| nrofRBs        | 52             | TDD BW 20MHz   |               |
|                |                | and higher BW  |               |
|                |                |                |               |
|                |                | FDD BW 15MHz   |               |
|                |                | and higher BW  |               |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+---------------+
|                | ceil(BWP       | Other case     |               |
|                | size/4)\*4     |                |               |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+---------------+
| }              |                |                |               |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+---------------+

##### 5.2A.3.4.1.3.4 Test Requirement {#a.3.4.1.3.4-test-requirement .H6}

Tables 5.2A.3.4.1.3.4-1 and 5.2A.3.4.1.3.4-2 define the primary level
settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 and A.3.2.2 for each
component carrier for throughput test point combination shall meet or
exceed the specified value in Table 5.2A.3.4.1.3.4-1 and
5.2A.3.4.1.3.4-2 for the specified SNR including test tolerances for the
test points listed in Table 5.2A.3.4.1.3.1-1.

Table 5.2A.3.4.1.3.4-1: Test requirements for single carrier performance
for FDD 15 kHz SCS for CA configurations

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                  Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.1-13.1 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   11.1
  10                R.PDSCH.1-8.3 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   11.3
  15                R.PDSCH.1-13.2 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   11.7
  20                R.PDSCH.1-13.3 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   12.1
  25                R.PDSCH.1-13.4 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   12.2
  30                R.PDSCH.1-13.5 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   12.4
  35                R.PDSCH.1-14.3 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   12.3
  40                R.PDSCH.1-14.1 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   12.5
  45                R.PDSCH.1-14.4 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   12.3
  50                R.PDSCH.1-14.2 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   12.5

Table 5.2A.3.4.1.3.4-2: Test requirements for single carrier performance
for TDD 30 kHz SCS for CA configurations

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                  Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.2-19.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   12.6
  10                R.PDSCH.2-19.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   12.4
  15                R.PDSCH.2-19.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   12.7
  20                R.PDSCH.2-19.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   12.4
  25                R.PDSCH.2-19.5 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   12.5
  30                R.PDSCH.2-20.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   12.8
  40                R.PDSCH.2-10.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   13.0
  50                R.PDSCH.2-20.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   13.2
  60                R.PDSCH.2-20.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   13.1
  80                R.PDSCH.2-20.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   13.3
  90                R.PDSCH.2-20.5 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   13.3
  100               R.PDSCH.2-21.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       HST-SFN                 2x4                                            70                                   13.3

#### 5.2A.3.5 Requirements for 4RX HST-DPS CA PDSCH

##### 5.2A.3.5.0 Minimum conformance requirements for 4RX HST-DPS CA PDSCH

For HST-DPS CA with different numbers of DL component carriers, the
requirements are defined in Table 5.2A.3.5.0-7 and Table 5.2A.3.5.0-8
based on the single carrier requirements for different SCSs and
different bandwidth specified in Table 5.2A.3.5.0-3 to Table
5.2A.3.5.0-6, with the parameters in Table 5.2A.3.5.0-2, Table 5.2A-2
and Table 5.2A-3 and the downlink physical channel setup according to
Annex C.2.1. The performance requirements specified in this sub-clause
do not apply for UE single carrier test.

The test purpose is specified in Table 5.2A.3.5.0-1.

Table 5.2A.3.5.0-1: Test purpose

  Purpose                                                                                                                                       Test index
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------
  Verify PDSCH performance of UE under 4 receive antenna conditions in the HST-DPS scenario defined in B.3.3 with CA with 1 active TCI state    1-1, 1-2, 1-3
  Verify PDSCH performance of UE under 4 receive antenna conditions in the HST-DPS scenario defined in B.3.3 with CA with 2 active TCI states   2-1, 2-2, 2-3

Table 5.2A.3.5.0-2: Test parameters

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Parameter   | Unit        | Value       |             |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| Duplex mode |             | FDD and TDD |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Active DL   |             | 1           |             |             |
| BWP index   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDCCH       | TCI state   |             | Note 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH       | Mapping     |             | Type A      |             |
| co          | type        |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | k0          |             | 0           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Starting    |             | 2           |             |
|             | symbol (S)  |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Length (L)  |             | FDD: 12     |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | TDD:        |             |
|             |             |             | Specific to |             |
|             |             |             | each        |             |
|             |             |             | Reference   |             |
|             |             |             | channel     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PDSCH       |             | 1           |             |
|             | aggregation |             |             |             |
|             | factor      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | Static      |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | 2           |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | size        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    |             | Type 0      |             |
|             | allocation  |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | RBG size    |             | Config2     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | Non-        |             |
|             | mapping     |             | interleaved |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | N/A         |             |
|             | mapping     |             |             |             |
|             | interleaver |             |             |             |
|             | bundle size |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | TCI state   |             | Note 1      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH DMRS  | DMRS Type   |             | Type 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 2           |             |
|             | additional  |             |             |             |
|             | DMRS        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Maximum     |             | 1           |             |
|             | number of   |             |             |             |
|             | OFDM        |             |             |             |
|             | symbols for |             |             |             |
|             | DL front    |             |             |             |
|             | loaded DMRS |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CSI-RS for  | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 5    |
| tracking    | set \#1     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 1  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 3       |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 9    |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 2  |
|             |             |             |             | and 4       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 15kHz SCS:  |
|             |             | periodicity |             | 10 for      |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 1,2,3,4.    |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 30kHz SCS:  |
|             |             |             |             | 20 for      |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 1,2,3,4     |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | and 2\      |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 3  |
|             |             |             |             | and 4       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#2         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | Frequency   |             | Start PRB 0 |
|             |             | Occupation  |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Number of   |
|             |             |             |             | PRB =       |
|             |             |             |             | min(52,     |
|             |             |             |             | ceil(BWP    |
|             |             |             |             | size/4)\*4) |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 6    |
|             | set \#2     | symbol in   |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             | the PRB     |             | resource 5  |
|             |             | used for    |             | and 7       |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | l~0~ = 10   |
|             |             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |
|             |             |             |             | resource 6  |
|             |             |             |             | and 8       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 15kHz SCS:  |
|             |             | periodicity |             | 10 for      |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 5,6,7,8.    |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 30kHz SCS:  |
|             |             |             |             | 20 for      |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | 5,6,7,8.    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 1 for       |
|             |             | offset      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 5  |
|             |             |             |             | and 6\      |
|             |             |             |             | 2 for       |
|             |             |             |             | CSI-RS      |
|             |             |             |             | resource 7  |
|             |             |             |             | and 8       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#3         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | Frequency   |             | Start PRB 0 |
|             |             | Occupation  |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Number of   |
|             |             |             |             | PRB =       |
|             |             |             |             | min(52,     |
|             |             |             |             | ceil(BWP    |
|             |             |             |             | size/4)\*4) |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NZP CSI-RS  | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 12   |
| for CSI     | set \#3     | symbol in   |             |             |
| acquisition |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 15kHz       |
|             |             | periodicity |             | SCS:20      |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 30kHz SCS:  |
|             |             |             |             | 40          |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#0         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    | First OFDM  |             | l~0~ = 13   |
|             | set \#4     | symbol in   |             |             |
|             |             | the PRB     |             |             |
|             |             | used for    |             |             |
|             |             | CSI-RS      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 15kHz       |
|             |             | periodicity |             | SCS:20      |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 30kHz SCS:  |
|             |             |             |             | 40          |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 0           |
|             |             | offset      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |
|             |             |             |             | \#1         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#0         | information | resource    |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#1\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#1         | information | resource    |             | resource 5  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking    |
|             |             |             |             | Resource    |
|             |             |             |             | set \#2\'   |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#0     |
| \#2         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#1     |
| \#3         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Number of   |             | As defined  |             |             |
| HARQ        |             | in Table    |             |             |
| Processes   |             | 5.2A-2      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TDD UL-DL   |             | 15kHz SCS:  |             |             |
| pattern     |             | FR1.15-1    |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             | 30kHz SCS:  |             |             |
|             |             | FR1.30-1    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| The number  |             | As defined  |             |             |
| of slots    |             | in Table    |             |             |
| between     |             | 5.2A-3      |             |             |
| PDSCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| rresponding |             |             |             |             |
| HARQ-ACK    |             |             |             |             |
| information |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Number of   |             | 1           |             |             |
| PUCCH       |             |             |             |             |
| Res         |             |             |             |             |
| ourceGroups |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PUCCH       |             | PUCCH       |             |             |
| format for  |             | format 1    |             |             |
| HARQ-ACK    |             | for cases   |             |             |
| feedback    |             | with no     |             |             |
|             |             | more than 2 |             |             |
|             |             | DL CCs      |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             | PUCCH       |             |             |
|             |             | format 3    |             |             |
|             |             | for cases   |             |             |
|             |             | with more   |             |             |
|             |             | than 2 DL   |             |             |
|             |             | CCs         |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Note 1: SSB |             |             |             |             |
| \# (k mod   |             |             |             |             |
| 2), CSI-RS  |             |             |             |             |
| (for        |             |             |             |             |
| tracking)   |             |             |             |             |
| resource    |             |             |             |             |
| set \# ((k  |             |             |             |             |
| mod 2) + 1) |             |             |             |             |
| and CSI-RS  |             |             |             |             |
| (for CSI    |             |             |             |             |
| a           |             |             |             |             |
| cquisition) |             |             |             |             |
| resource    |             |             |             |             |
| set \# ((k  |             |             |             |             |
| mod 2) + 3) |             |             |             |             |
| are         |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| by k^th^    |             |             |             |             |
| RRH.        |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| For Test    |             |             |             |             |
| 1-1, TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| state       |             |             |             |             |
| switching   |             |             |             |             |
| command     |             |             |             |             |
| scheduled   |             |             |             |             |
| by MAC CE   |             |             |             |             |
| with MCS 4  |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| in slot \#i |             |             |             |             |
| that        |             |             |             |             |
| s           |             |             |             |             |
| atisfy$\tex |             |             |             |             |
| t{\ mod}\le |             |             |             |             |
| ft( i,2n \r |             |             |             |             |
| ight) = n$. |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH       |             |             |             |             |
| associated  |             |             |             |             |
| with TCI \# |             |             |             |             |
| (k mod 2)   |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| by k^th^    |             |             |             |             |
| RRH from    |             |             |             |             |
| slot\#      |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| $$max       |             |             |             |             |
| \lbrack\lef |             |             |             |             |
| t( 2k - 1 \ |             |             |             |             |
| right)n + 1 |             |             |             |             |
|  + T_{\text |             |             |             |             |
| {HARQ}} + T |             |             |             |             |
| _{\text{MAC |             |             |             |             |
| \ proc}} +  |             |             |             |             |
| T_{\text{fi |             |             |             |             |
| rstTRS}} +  |             |             |             |             |
| T_{\text{TR |             |             |             |             |
| S\ proc}},\ |             |             |             |             |
|  0\rbrack$$ |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| to slot\#   |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| $\left( 2k  |             |             |             |             |
| + 1 \right) |             |             |             |             |
| n + T_{\tex |             |             |             |             |
| t{HARQ}} +  |             |             |             |             |
| T_{\text{MA |             |             |             |             |
| C\ proc}}$, |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH are   |             |             |             |             |
| DTXed in    |             |             |             |             |
| other slots |             |             |             |             |
| in which    |             |             |             |             |
| throughput  |             |             |             |             |
| statistics  |             |             |             |             |
| are not     |             |             |             |             |
| considered. |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| For Test    |             |             |             |             |
| 1-2, TCI    |             |             |             |             |
| state       |             |             |             |             |
| switching   |             |             |             |             |
| command     |             |             |             |             |
| scheduled   |             |             |             |             |
| by MAC CE   |             |             |             |             |
| with MCS 4  |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| in slot \#i |             |             |             |             |
| that        |             |             |             |             |
| s           |             |             |             |             |
| atisfy$\tex |             |             |             |             |
| t{\ mod}\le |             |             |             |             |
| ft( i,2n \r |             |             |             |             |
| ight) = n$. |             |             |             |             |
| PDCCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH       |             |             |             |             |
| associated  |             |             |             |             |
| with TCI \# |             |             |             |             |
| (k mod 2)   |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| transmitted |             |             |             |             |
| by k^th^    |             |             |             |             |
| RRH from    |             |             |             |             |
| slot\#      |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| $$ma        |             |             |             |             |
| x\lbrack\le |             |             |             |             |
| ft( 2k - 1  |             |             |             |             |
| \right)n +  |             |             |             |             |
| 1 + T_{\tex |             |             |             |             |
| t{HARQ}} +  |             |             |             |             |
| T_{\text{MA |             |             |             |             |
| C\ proc}},\ |             |             |             |             |
|  0\rbrack$$ |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| to slot\#   |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| $           |             |             |             |             |
| $\left( 2k  |             |             |             |             |
| + 1 \right) |             |             |             |             |
| n + T_{\tex |             |             |             |             |
| t{HARQ}} +  |             |             |             |             |
| T_{\text{MA |             |             |             |             |
| C\ proc}}$$ |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| Where k=0,  |             |             |             |             |
| 1, 2... is  |             |             |             |             |
| the RRH     |             |             |             |             |
| number, n = |             |             |             |             |
| 2520 is     |             |             |             |             |
| half of the |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| slots       |             |             |             |             |
| between two |             |             |             |             |
| RRH,        |             |             |             |             |
| $T_{\t      |             |             |             |             |
| ext{HARQ}}$ |             |             |             |             |
| = 2 is the  |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| slots       |             |             |             |             |
| between     |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH and   |             |             |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| rresponding |             |             |             |             |
| HARQ-ACK    |             |             |             |             |
| i           |             |             |             |             |
| nformation, |             |             |             |             |
| $T_{\text{M |             |             |             |             |
| AC\ proc}}$ |             |             |             |             |
| = 3 is the  |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| slots for   |             |             |             |             |
| MAC CE      |             |             |             |             |
| processing, |             |             |             |             |
| $T_{\text{  |             |             |             |             |
| firstTRS}}$ |             |             |             |             |
| = 6 is the  |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| slots to    |             |             |             |             |
| first TRS   |             |             |             |             |
| t           |             |             |             |             |
| ransmission |             |             |             |             |
| occasion    |             |             |             |             |
| after MAC   |             |             |             |             |
| CE command  |             |             |             |             |
| is decoded  |             |             |             |             |
| by the UE,  |             |             |             |             |
| $T_{\text{T |             |             |             |             |
| RS\ proc}}$ |             |             |             |             |
| = 2 is the  |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| slots for   |             |             |             |             |
| TRS         |             |             |             |             |
| processing. |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Table 5.2A.3.5.0-3: Single carrier performance for FDD 15 kHz SCS for
HST-DPS CA configurations with 1 active PDSCH TCI state

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Number of active PDSCH TCI states   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- ------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ----------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                     Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.1-15.1      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.5
  10                R.PDSCH.1-8.4 FDD   64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.8
  15                R.PDSCH.1-15.2      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.7
  20                R.PDSCH.1-15.3      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.5
  25                R.PDSCH.1-15.4      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.8
  30                R.PDSCH.1-15.5      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.9
  35                R.PDSCH.1-16.3      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.6
  40                R.PDSCH.1-16.1      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.7
  45                R.PDSCH.1-16.4      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.6
  50                R.PDSCH.1-16.2      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.0

Table 5.2A.3.5.0-4: Single carrier performance for FDD 15 kHz SCS for
HST-DPS CA configurations with 2 active PDSCH TCI states

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Number of active PDSCH TCI states   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- ------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ----------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                     Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.1-15.1      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.5
  10                R.PDSCH.1-8.4 FDD   64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.8
  15                R.PDSCH.1-15.2      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.7
  20                R.PDSCH.1-15.3      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.5
  25                R.PDSCH.1-15.4      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.8
  30                R.PDSCH.1-15.5      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.9
  35                R.PDSCH.1-16.3      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.6
  40                R.PDSCH.1-16.1      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.7
  45                R.PDSCH.1-16.4      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.6
  50                R.PDSCH.1-16.2      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.0

Table 5.2A.3.5.0-5 Single carrier performance for TDD 30 kHz SCS for
HST-DPS CA configurations with 1 active PDSCH TCI state

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Number of active PDSCH TCI states   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ----------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                      Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.2-22.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.4
  10                R.PDSCH.2-22.2       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.5
  15                R.PDSCH.2-22.3       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.5
  20                R.PDSCH.2-22.4       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.5
  25                R.PDSCH.2-22.5       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.6
  30                R.PDSCH.2-23.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.5
  40                R.PDSCH.2-10.5 TDD   64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.5
  50                R.PDSCH.2-23.2       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.7
  60                R.PDSCH.2-23.3       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.7
  80                R.PDSCH.2-23.4       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.5
  90                R.PDSCH.2-23.5       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.7
  100               R.PDSCH.2-24.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.7

Table 5.2A.3.5.0-6 Single carrier performance for TDD 30 kHz SCS for
HST-DPS CA configurations with 2 active PDSCH TCI states

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Number of active PDSCH TCI states   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ----------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                      Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.2-22.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.4
  10                R.PDSCH.2-22.2       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.5
  15                R.PDSCH.2-22.3       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.5
  20                R.PDSCH.2-22.4       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.5
  25                R.PDSCH.2-22.5       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.6
  30                R.PDSCH.2-23.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.5
  40                R.PDSCH.2-10.5 TDD   64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.5
  50                R.PDSCH.2-23.2       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.7
  60                R.PDSCH.2-23.3       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.7
  80                R.PDSCH.2-23.4       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.5
  90                R.PDSCH.2-23.5       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.7
  100               R.PDSCH.2-24.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   10.7

Table 5.2A.3.5.0-7: Minimum performance for multiple CA configurations
for HST-DPS with 1 active TCI state

  Test number                                                                                                                                              CA duplex mode            Minimum performance requirements
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------
  1-1                                                                                                                                                      FDD 15 kHz + FDD 15 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.3.5.0-3
  1-2                                                                                                                                                      TDD 30 kHz + TDD 30 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.3.5.0-5
  1-3                                                                                                                                                      FDD 15 kHz + TDD 30 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.3.5.0-3 and Table 5.2A.3.5.0-5 per CC
  Note 1: The applicability of requirements for different CA duplex modes, SCSs, CA configurations and bandwidth combination sets is defined in 5.1.1.7.                             

Table 5.2A.3.5.0-8: Minimum performance for multiple CA configurations
for HST-DPS with 2 active TCI states

  Test number                                                                                                                                              CA duplex mode            Minimum performance requirements
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------
  2-1                                                                                                                                                      FDD 15 kHz + FDD 15 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.3.5.0-4
  2-1                                                                                                                                                      TDD 30 kHz + TDD 30 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.3.5.0-6
  2-3                                                                                                                                                      FDD 15 kHz + TDD 30 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.3.5.0-4 and Table 5.2A.3.5.0-6 per CC
  Note 1: The applicability of requirements for different CA duplex modes, SCSs, CA configurations and bandwidth combination sets is defined in 5.1.1.7.                             

The normative reference for this requirement is TS38.101-4 \[5\], clause
5.2A.3.5.

##### 5.2A.3.5.1 4RX PDSCH Demodulation Performance for HST-DPS CA

##### 5.2A.3.5.1.1 Test Purpose {#a.3.5.1.1-test-purpose .H6}

To verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under 4 receive
antenna conditions in the HST-DPS scenario for multiple CA
configurations and with different channel models, MCSs and SCS for a
specified downlink Reference Measurement Channel (RMC) to achieve a
certain throughput per CC.

##### 5.2A.3.5.1.2 Test applicability {#a.3.5.1.2-test-applicability .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward that
supports 2DL CA and 4Rx antenna ports.

##### 5.2A.3.5.1.3 Test description {#a.3.5.1.3-test-description .H6}

##### 5.2A.3.5.1.3.1 Initial conditions {#a.3.5.1.3.1-initial-conditions .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

Channel BW to be tested: largest aggregated bandwidth combination as per
Table 5.1.1.5.2-2.

CA capability to be tested: As per table 5.1.1.5.2-1.

Table 5.2A.3.5.1.3.1-1: Test point selection table for multiple CA
configurations for HST-DPS with 1 active TCI state

  Test number                                                                                                                                              CA duplex mode            Minimum performance requirements
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------
  1-1                                                                                                                                                      FDD 15 kHz + FDD 15 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.3.5.0-3
  1-2                                                                                                                                                      TDD 30 kHz + TDD 30 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.3.5.0-5
  1-3                                                                                                                                                      FDD 15 kHz + TDD 30 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.3.5.0-3 and Table 5.2A.3.5.0-5 per CC
  Note 1: The applicability of requirements for different CA duplex modes, SCSs, CA configurations and bandwidth combination sets is defined in 5.1.1.7.                             

Table 5.2A.3.5.1.3.1-2: Test point selection table for multiple CA
configurations for HST-DPS with 2 active TCI states

  Test number                                                                                                                                              CA duplex mode            Minimum performance requirements
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------
  2-1                                                                                                                                                      FDD 15 kHz + FDD 15 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.3.5.0-4
  2-1                                                                                                                                                      TDD 30 kHz + TDD 30 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.3.5.0-6
  2-3                                                                                                                                                      FDD 15 kHz + TDD 30 kHz   As defined in Table 5.2A.3.5.0-4 and Table 5.2A.3.5.0-6 per CC
  Note 1: The applicability of requirements for different CA duplex modes, SCSs, CA configurations and bandwidth combination sets is defined in 5.1.1.7.                             

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.4
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.2-1, Table 5.2A-1 to Table 5.2A-3 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.3.3.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode* On according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.5. Message
contents are defined in clause 5.2A.3.5.1.3.3.

##### 5.2A.3.5.1.3.2 Test procedure {#a.3.5.1.3.2-test-procedure .H6}

1\. Configure SCC according to Annex C.0, C.1 and C.2 for all downlink
physical channels.

2\. The SS shall configure SCC as per TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 5.5.1.
Message contents are defined in clause 5.2A.3.5.1.3.3.

3\. SS activates SCC by sending the activation MAC-CE (Refer TS 38.321
\[18\], clauses 5.9, 6.1.3.10). Wait for at least 1 second (Refer TS
38.133\[19\], clause 9.3).

4\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to transmit
the DL RMC according to Tables 5.2A.3.5.0-2 to 5.2A.3.5.0-8 as
appropriate on both PCC and SCC. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits
on the DL RMC.

5\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, MCS, reference channel, the
propagation condition, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to
Table 5.2A.3.5.1.3.4-1 to 5.2A.3.5.1.3.4-4 as appropriate on both PCC
and SCC.

6\. Measure the average throughput on each component carrier
simultaneously for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G.1.5. Count the number of NACKs, ACKs
and statDTXs on the UL and decide pass or fail according to Table
G.1.5-1 in Annex G.1.5.

7\. Repeat steps from 1 to 6 for each test points in Table
5.2A.3.5.1.3.1-1 and Table 5.2A.3.5.1.3.1-2 as appropriate.

##### 5.2A.3.5.1.3.3 Message contents {#a.3.5.1.3.3-message-contents .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2 with the following exceptions:

Table 5.2A.3.5.1.3.3-1: DMRS-DownlinkConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-24                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  DMRS-DownlinkConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                              
  dmrs-AdditionalPosition                                Not present              
  }                                                                               

Table 5.2A.3.5.1.3.3-2: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-25                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                          
  nrofHARQ-ProcessesForPDSCH                             n8                       
  }                                                                               

Table 5.2A.3.5.1.3.3-3: NZP-CSI-RS-Resource for TRS

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-8 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| NZP-            |                 |                 |           |
| CSI-RS-Resource |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| nzp-CS          | i-1 for CSI-RS  |                 |           |
| I-RS-ResourceId | resource \#i,   |                 |           |
|                 | i=              |                 |           |
|                 | 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| qcl-Inf         | 2 for CSI-RS    | TCI-StateId for |           |
| oPeriodicCSI-RS | resource \#1,   | TCI-State \#2   |           |
|                 | \#2, \#3, \#4   | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#1,   |           |
|                 | 3 for CSI-RS    | \#2, \#3, \#4   |           |
|                 | resource \#5,   |                 |           |
|                 | \#6, \#7, \#8   | TCI-StateId for |           |
|                 |                 | TCI-State \#3   |           |
|                 |                 | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#5,   |           |
|                 |                 | \#6, \#7, \#8   |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2A.3.5.1.3.3-4: CSI-RS-ResourceMapping for TRS

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-9 |                 |                 |           |
| with condition  |                 |                 |           |
| TRS             |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CSI-RS-         |                 |                 |           |
| ResourceMapping |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| firstOFDMSym    | 5 for CSI-RS    | l~0~ = 5 for    |           |
| bolInTimeDomain | resource \#1    | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | and \#3         | 1 and 3         |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 9 for CSI-RS    | l~0~ = 9 for    |           |
|                 | resource \#2    | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | and \#4         | 2 and 4         |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 6 for CSI-RS    | l~0~ = 6 for    |           |
|                 | resource \#5    | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | and \#7         | 5 and 7         |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 10 for CSI-RS   | l~0~ = 10 for   |           |
|                 | resource \#6    | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 | and \#8         | 6 and 8         |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2A.3.5.1.3.3-5: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Tracking

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table           |                 |                 |           |
| 5.4.2.0-10      |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CS              |                 |                 |           |
| I-ResourcePerio |                 |                 |           |
| dicityAndOffset |                 |                 |           |
| ::= CHOICE {    |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Slots10         | 1 for CSI-RS    | periodicity:    | SCS 15kHz |
|                 | resource \#1,   |                 |           |
|                 | \#2, \#5, \#6   | 10 slots.       |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 2 for CSI-RS    | offset:         |           |
|                 | resource \#3    |                 |           |
|                 | \#4, \#7, \#8   | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 1 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 2\              |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 3 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 4               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 5 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 6\              |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 7 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 8               |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Slots20         | 1 for CSI-RS    | periodicity:    | SCS 30kHz |
|                 | resource \#1,   |                 |           |
|                 | \#2, \#5, \#6   | 20 slots.       |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 2 for CSI-RS    | offset:         |           |
|                 | resource \#3    |                 |           |
|                 | \#4, \#7, \#8   | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 1 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 2\              |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 3 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 4               |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | 1 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 5 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 6\              |           |
|                 |                 | 2 for CSI-RS    |           |
|                 |                 | resource 7 and  |           |
|                 |                 | 8               |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2A.3.5.1.3.3-6: NZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet for TRS

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 5.4.2.0-12     |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-       |                |                |                |
| RS-ResourceSet |                |                |                |
| ::= SEQUENCE { |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp\_CSI\      | 0 for Resource |                |                |
| _ResourceSetId | set \#1        |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 1 for Resource |                |                |
|                | set \#2        |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 4 entries      |                | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#1            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 0              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#1   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 1              | entry 2        |                |
| esourceId\[2\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#2   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 2              | entry 3        |                |
| esourceId\[3\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#3   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 3              | entry 4        |                |
| esourceId\[4\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#4   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 4 entries      |                | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#2            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 4              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#5   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 5              | entry 2        |                |
| esourceId\[2\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#6   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 6              | entry 3        |                |
| esourceId\[3\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#7   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 7              | entry 4        |                |
| esourceId\[4\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#8   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2A.3.5.1.3.3-7: NZP-CSI-RS-Resource for CSI Acquisition

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table           |                 |                 |           |
| 5.4.2.0-14      |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| NZP-            |                 |                 |           |
| CSI-RS-Resource |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| nzp-CS          | 8 for CSI-RS    |                 |           |
| I-RS-ResourceId | resource \#9    |                 |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 9 for CSI-RS    |                 |           |
|                 | resource \#10   |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| qcl-Inf         | 0 for CSI-RS    | TCI-State \#0   |           |
| oPeriodicCSI-RS | resource \#9    | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#9    |           |
|                 | 1 for CSI-RS    |                 |           |
|                 | resource \#10   | TCI-State \#1   |           |
|                 |                 | for CSI-RS      |           |
|                 |                 | resource \#10   |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2A.3.5.1.3.3-8: CSI-RS-ResourceMapping for CSI Acquisition

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table           |                 |                 |           |
| 5.4.2.0-15      |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| CSI-RS-         |                 |                 |           |
| ResourceMapping |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| firstOFDMSym    | 12 for CSI-RS   | l~0~=12 for     |           |
| bolInTimeDomain | resource \#9    | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 |                 | \#9             |           |
|                 | 13 for CSI-RS   |                 |           |
|                 | resource \#10   | l~0~=13 for     |           |
|                 |                 | CSI-RS resource |           |
|                 |                 | \#10            |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.2A.3.5.1.3.3-9: CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset for CSI
Acquisition

+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| Derivation Path:  |              |                   |           |
| TS 38.508-1       |              |                   |           |
| \[6\], Table      |              |                   |           |
| 5.4.2.0-16        |              |                   |           |
+===================+==============+===================+===========+
| Information       | Value/remark | Comment           | Condition |
| Element           |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| CSI-ResourcePer   |              |                   |           |
| iodicityAndOffset |              |                   |           |
| ::= CHOICE {      |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| Slots20           | 0            | periodicity =     | SCS 15kHz |
|                   |              | 20slots.          |           |
|                   |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | offset = 0 slots  |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| Slots40           | 0            | periodicity = 40  | SCS 30kHz |
|                   |              | slots.            |           |
|                   |              |                   |           |
|                   |              | offset = 0 slots  |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+
| }                 |              |                   |           |
+-------------------+--------------+-------------------+-----------+

Table 5.2A.3.5.1.3.3-10: NZP-CSI-RS-ResourceSet for CSI Acquisition

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 5.4.2.0-18     |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-       |                |                |                |
| RS-ResourceSet |                |                |                |
| ::= SEQUENCE { |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp\_CSI\      | 2 for Resource |                |                |
| _ResourceSetId | set \#3        |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 3 for Resource |                |                |
|                | set \#4        |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 1 entry        |                | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#3            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 8              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#9   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| nzp-CS         | 1 entry        |                | Resource set   |
| I-RS-Resources |                |                | \#4            |
| SEQUENCE (SIZE |                |                |                |
| (1..maxNrof    |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI-RS-Res |                |                |                |
| ourcesPerSet)) |                |                |                |
| OF             |                |                |                |
| NZP-CSI        |                |                |                |
| -RS-ResourceId |                |                |                |
| {              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP-CSI-RS-R   | 9              | entry 1        |                |
| esourceId\[1\] |                |                |                |
|                |                | CSI-RS         |                |
|                |                | resource \#10  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.2A.3.5.1.3.3-11: *TCI-State*

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 4.6.3-190      |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Information    | Value/remark   | Comment        | Condition      |
| Element        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| TCI-State ::=  |                |                |                |
| SEQUENCE {     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| tci-StateId    | 0 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#0      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 1 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#1      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 2 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#2      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | 3 for TCI      |                |                |
|                | state \#3      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| qcl-Type1      |                |                |                |
| SEQUENCE {     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| bwp-Id         | BWP-Id of      |                | TCI state \#0, |
|                | active BWP     |                | TCI state \#1  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Not present    |                | TCI state \#2, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#3  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| r              |                |                |                |
| eferenceSignal |                |                |                |
| CHOICE {       |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| csi-rs         | 0              | CSI-RS         | TCI state \#0  |
|                |                | resource \#1   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 4              | CSI-RS         | TCI state \#1  |
|                |                | resource \#5   |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| ssb            | 0              | SSB \#0        | TCI state \#2  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 1              | SSB \#1        | TCI state \#3  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| qcl-Type       | typeA          |                | TCI state \#0, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#1  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | typeC          |                | TCI state \#2, |
|                |                |                | TCI state \#3  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| }              |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

##### 5.2A.3.5.1.3.4 Test Requirement {#a.3.5.1.3.4-test-requirement .H6}

Tables 5.2A.3.5.1.3.4-1 to 5.2A.3.5.1.3.4-4 define the primary level
settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 and A.3.2.2 for each
component carrier for throughput test point combination shall meet or
exceed the specified value in Tables 5.2A.3.5.1.3.4-1 to
5.2A.3.5.1.3.4-4 for the specified SNR including test tolerances for the
test points listed in Table 5.2A.3.5.1.3.1-1 and Table 5.2A.3.5.1.3.1-2.

Table 5.2A.3.5.1.3.4-1: Test requirements for single carrier performance
for FDD 15 kHz SCS for HST-DPS CA configurations with 1 active PDSCH TCI
state

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Number of active PDSCH TCI states   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- ------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ----------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                     Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.1-15.1      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.1
  10                R.PDSCH.1-8.4 FDD   64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.4
  15                R.PDSCH.1-15.2      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.3
  20                R.PDSCH.1-15.3      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.1
  25                R.PDSCH.1-15.4      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.4
  30                R.PDSCH.1-15.5      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.5
  35                R.PDSCH.1-16.3      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.2
  40                R.PDSCH.1-16.1      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.3
  45                R.PDSCH.1-16.4      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.2
  50                R.PDSCH.1-16.2      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.6

Table 5.2A.3.5.1.3.4-2: Test requirements for single carrier performance
for FDD 15 kHz SCS for HST-DPS CA configurations with 2 active PDSCH TCI
states

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Number of active PDSCH TCI states   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- ------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ----------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                     Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.1-15.1      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.1
  10                R.PDSCH.1-8.4 FDD   64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.4
  15                R.PDSCH.1-15.2      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.3
  20                R.PDSCH.1-15.3      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.1
  25                R.PDSCH.1-15.4      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.4
  30                R.PDSCH.1-15.5      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.5
  35                R.PDSCH.1-16.3      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.2
  40                R.PDSCH.1-16.1      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.3
  45                R.PDSCH.1-16.4      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.2
  50                R.PDSCH.1-16.2      64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.6

Table 5.2A.3.5.1.3.4-3: Test requirements for single carrier performance
for TDD 30 kHz SCS for HST-DPS CA configurations with 1 active PDSCH TCI
state

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Number of active PDSCH TCI states   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ----------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                      Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.2-22.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.0
  10                R.PDSCH.2-22.2       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.1
  15                R.PDSCH.2-22.3       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.1
  20                R.PDSCH.2-22.4       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.1
  25                R.PDSCH.2-22.5       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.2
  30                R.PDSCH.2-23.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.1
  40                R.PDSCH.2-10.5 TDD   64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.1
  50                R.PDSCH.2-23.2       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.3
  60                R.PDSCH.2-23.3       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.3
  80                R.PDSCH.2-23.4       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.1
  90                R.PDSCH.2-23.5       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.3
  100               R.PDSCH.2-24.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 1                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.3

Table 5.2A.3.5.1.3.4-4: Test requirements for single carrier performance
for TDD 30 kHz SCS for HST-DPS CA configurations with 2 active PDSCH TCI
states

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Number of active PDSCH TCI states   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ----------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                      Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.2-22.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.0
  10                R.PDSCH.2-22.2       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.1
  15                R.PDSCH.2-22.3       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.1
  20                R.PDSCH.2-22.4       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.1
  25                R.PDSCH.2-22.5       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.2
  30                R.PDSCH.2-23.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.1
  40                R.PDSCH.2-10.5 TDD   64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.1
  50                R.PDSCH.2-23.2       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.3
  60                R.PDSCH.2-23.3       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.3
  80                R.PDSCH.2-23.4       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.1
  90                R.PDSCH.2-23.5       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.3
  100               R.PDSCH.2-24.1       64QAM, 0.43                       HST-DPS                 2                                   2x4                                            70                                   11.3

### 5.2A.3A 2Rx-4RX requirements

#### 5.2A.3A.1 Requirements for 2Rx-4RX normal PDSCH

##### 5.2A.3A.1.0 Minimum conformance requirements for 2Rx-4RX normal PDSCH

For UE supporting a combination of 2Rx and 4Rx antenna port per
component carrier,

The 2Rx requirements are defined in Table 5.2A.2.1.0-4 based on the
single carrier requirements for different SCSs and different bandwidth
specified in Table 5.2A.2.1.0-1 to Table 5.2A.2.1.0-3.

The 4Rx requirements are defined in Table 5.2A.3.1.0-4 based on the
single carrier requirements for different SCSs and different bandwidth
specified in Table 5.2A.3.1.0-1 to Table 5.2A.3.1.0-3.

Parameters are specified in Table 5.2A-1 to Table 5.2A-3 and the
downlink physical channel setup according to Annex C.2.1.

##### 5.2A.3A.1.1 2Rx-4Rx Normal PDSCH Demodulation Performance for CA (2DL CA)

##### 5.2A.3A.1.1.1 Test Purpose {#a.3a.1.1.1-test-purpose .H6}

To verify the PDSCH mapping Type A normal performance under combination
of 2 and 4 receive antenna conditions for multiple CA configurations and
with different channel models, MCSs and number of MIMO layers for a
specified downlink Reference Measurement Channel (RMC) to achieve a
certain throughput per CC.

##### 5.2A.3A.1.1.2 Test applicability {#a.3a.1.1.2-test-applicability .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward
supporting 2DL CA and 4Rx antenna ports on some of the CC.

##### 5.2A.3A.1.1.3 Test description {#a.3a.1.1.3-test-description .H6}

##### 5.2A.3A.1.1.3.1 Initial conditions {#a.3a.1.1.3.1-initial-conditions .H6}

Same initial conditions as specified in clause 5.2A.2.1.1.3.1 with the
following exception

Channel BW to be tested: largest aggregated bandwidth combination as per
Table 5.1.1.5.2-2.

CA capability to be tested: As per table 5.1.1.5.2-1

Table 5.2A.3A.1.1.3.1-1: Test point selection table

+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Test number          | CA duplex mode       | Configuration        |
+======================+======================+======================+
| 1                    | FDD 15 kHz + FDD 15  | For 2Rx CC, As       |
|                      | kHz                  | defined in Table     |
|                      |                      | 5.2A.2.1.0-1         |
|                      |                      |                      |
|                      |                      | For 4Rx CC, as       |
|                      |                      | defined in Table     |
|                      |                      | 5.2A.3.1.0-1         |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| 2                    | TDD 30 kHz + TDD 30  | For 2Rx CC, As       |
|                      | kHz                  | defined in Table     |
|                      |                      | 5.2A.2.1.0-3         |
|                      |                      |                      |
|                      |                      | For 4Rx CC, as       |
|                      |                      | defined in Table     |
|                      |                      | 5.2A.3.1.0-3         |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| 3                    | FDD 15 kHz + TDD 30  | For 2Rx CC, As       |
|                      | kHz                  | defined in Table     |
|                      |                      | 5.2A.2.1.0-1 and     |
|                      |                      | Table 5.2A.2.1.0-3   |
|                      |                      | per CC               |
|                      |                      |                      |
|                      |                      | For 4Rx CC, as       |
|                      |                      | defined in Table     |
|                      |                      | 5.2A.3.1.0-1 and     |
|                      |                      | Table 5.2A.3.1.0-3   |
|                      |                      | per CC               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| 4 (note 2)           | FDD 15 kHz + TDD 15  | For 2Rx CC, As       |
|                      | kHz                  | defined in Table     |
|                      |                      | 5.2A.2.1.0-1 and     |
|                      |                      | Table 5.2A.2.1.0-2   |
|                      |                      | per CC               |
|                      |                      |                      |
|                      |                      | For 4Rx CC, as       |
|                      |                      | defined in Table     |
|                      |                      | 5.2A.3.1.0-1 and     |
|                      |                      | Table 5.2A.3.1.0-2   |
|                      |                      | per CC               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| 5 (note 3)           | TDD 15 kHz + TDD 30  | For 2Rx CC, As       |
|                      | kHz                  | defined in Table     |
|                      |                      | 5.2A.2.1.0-2 and     |
|                      |                      | Table 5.2A.2.1.0-3   |
|                      |                      | per CC               |
|                      |                      |                      |
|                      |                      | For 4Rx CC, as       |
|                      |                      | defined in Table     |
|                      |                      | 5.2A.3.1.0-2 and     |
|                      |                      | Table 5.2A.3.1.0-3   |
|                      |                      | per CC               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Note 1: For each     |                      |                      |
| test point, select   |                      |                      |
| any one of the CA    |                      |                      |
| configurations which |                      |                      |
| contain CA bandwidth |                      |                      |
| combination with the |                      |                      |
| largest aggregated   |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidth    |                      |                      |
| and supported        |                      |                      |
| maximum data rate    |                      |                      |
| based on the         |                      |                      |
| equation             |                      |                      |
| $\text{Data          |                      |                      |
| Rate} = 10^{- 3}\sum |                      |                      |
| _{j = 1}^{J}{\text{T |                      |                      |
| BS}_{j}2^{\mu_{j}}}$ |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 2: Test point 4 |                      |                      |
| can be skipped if    |                      |                      |
| test point 3 is      |                      |                      |
| verified.            |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 3: Test point 5 |                      |                      |
| can be skipped if    |                      |                      |
| test point 2 is      |                      |                      |
| verified.            |                      |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.6
and A.3.1.7.7 for TE diagram for 2Rx and 4Rx CC respectively and clause
A.3.2.6 for UE diagram

##### 5.2A.3A.1.1.3.2 Test procedure {#a.3a.1.1.3.2-test-procedure .H6}

Same test procedure as specified in clause 5.2A.2.1.1.3.2 for 2Rx CC and
with the following exception for 4Rx CC

Instead of Table 5.2A.2.1.0-1 5.2A.3.1.0-1 for 4Rx CC

Instead of Table 5.2A.2.1.0-4 5.2A.3.1.0-4 for 4Rx CC

Instead of Table 5.2A.2.1.1.3.3 5.2A.3.1.1.3.3 for 4Rx CC

##### 5.2A.3A.1.1.3.3 Message contents {#a.3a.1.1.3.3-message-contents .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.2A.3A.1.1.3.4 Test Requirement {#a.3a.1.1.3.4-test-requirement .H6}

Tables 5.2A.3A.1.1.4-1, 5.2A.3A.1.1.4-2, 5.2A.3A.1.1.4-3,
5.2A.3A.1.1.4-4, 5.2A.3A.1.1.4-5, 5.2A.3A.1.1.4-6 define the primary
level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A 3.2.1 and A.3.2.2 for each
component carrier for throughput test point combination shall meet or
exceed the specified value in Table 5.2A.3A.1.1.4-1, 5.2A.3A.1.1.4-2,
5.2A.3A.1.1.4-3, 5.2A.3A.1.1.4-4, 5.2A.3A.1.1.4-5, 5.2A.3A.1.1.4-6 for
the specified SNR including test tolerances for the combination selected
following the test rules outlined in 5.1.1.5.2-2.

Table 5.2A.3A.1.1.4-1: Test requirements for FDD 15 kHz SCS for CA
configurations (2Rx CC)

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                  Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.1-9.1 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.6
  10                R.PDSCH.1-2.2 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.6
  15                R.PDSCH.1-9.2 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.6
  20                R.PDSCH.1-9.3 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.8
  25                R.PDSCH.1-9.4 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.0
  30                R.PDSCH.1-9.5 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.8
  40                R.PDSCH.1-10.1 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.0
  50                R.PDSCH.1-10.2 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.4

Table 5.2A.3A.1.1.4-2: Test requirements for TDD 15 kHz SCS for CA
configurations (2Rx CC)

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- ------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                 Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.1-2.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.6
  10                R.PDSCH.1-2.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.8
  15                R.PDSCH.1-2.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.8
  20                R.PDSCH.1-2.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.9
  25                R.PDSCH.1-2.5 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.0
  30                R.PDSCH.1-3.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.9
  40                R.PDSCH.1-3.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.2
  50                R.PDSCH.1-3.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.5

Table 5.2A.3A.1.1.4-3: Test requirements for TDD 30 kHz SCS for CA
configurations (2Rx CC)

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                  Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.2-13.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.6
  10                R.PDSCH.2-13.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.6
  15                R.PDSCH.2-13.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.6
  20                R.PDSCH.2-13.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.7
  25                R.PDSCH.2-13.5 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.7
  30                R.PDSCH.2-14.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.7
  40                R.PDSCH.2-2.2 TDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   14.9
  50                R.PDSCH.2-14.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.1
  60                R.PDSCH.2-14.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.0
  80                R.PDSCH.2-14.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.5
  90                R.PDSCH.2-14.5 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.3
  100               R.PDSCH.2-15.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x2, ULA Low                                   70                                   15.7

Table 5.2A.3A.1.1.4-4: Test requirements for FDD 15 kHz SCS for CA
configurations (4Rx CC)

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                  Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.1-9.1 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.4 \[
  10                R.PDSCH.1-2.2 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.4
  15                R.PDSCH.1-9.2 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.5
  20                R.PDSCH.1-9.3 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.5
  25                R.PDSCH.1-9.4 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.6
  30                R.PDSCH.1-9.5 FDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.5
  40                R.PDSCH.1-10.1 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.6
  50                R.PDSCH.1-10.2 FDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.8

Table 5.2A.3A.1.1.4-5: Test requirements for TDD 15 kHz SCS for CA
configurations (4Rx CC)

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel   Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- ------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                 Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.1-2.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.4
  10                R.PDSCH.1-2.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.5
  15                R.PDSCH.1-2.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.6
  20                R.PDSCH.1-2.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.5
  25                R.PDSCH.1-2.5 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.7
  30                R.PDSCH.1-3.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.5
  40                R.PDSCH.1-3.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.7
  50                R.PDSCH.1-3.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.9

Table 5.2A.3A.1.1.4-6: Test requirements for TDD 30 kHz SCS for CA
configurations (4Rx CC)

  Bandwidth (MHz)   Reference channel    Modulation format and code rate   Propagation condition   Correlation matrix and antenna configuration   Reference value                      
  ----------------- -------------------- --------------------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
                                                                                                                                                  Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  5                 R.PDSCH.2-13.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.4
  10                R.PDSCH.2-13.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.4
  15                R.PDSCH.2-13.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.4
  20                R.PDSCH.2-13.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.5
  25                R.PDSCH.2-13.5 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.5
  30                R.PDSCH.2-14.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.5
  40                R.PDSCH.2-2.2 TDD    16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.6
  50                R.PDSCH.2-14.2 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.8
  60                R.PDSCH.2-14.3 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.7
  80                R.PDSCH.2-14.4 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   10.0
  90                R.PDSCH.2-14.5 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   9.9
  100               R.PDSCH.2-15.1 TDD   16QAM, 0.48                       TDLA30-10               2x4, ULA Low                                   70                                   10.2

##### 5.2A.3A.1.2 2Rx-4Rx Normal PDSCH Demodulation Performance for CA (3DL CA)

##### 5.2A.3A.1.2.1 Test Purpose {#a.3a.1.2.1-test-purpose .H6}

Same as 5.2A.3A.1.1.1

##### 5.2A.3A.1.2.2 Test applicability {#a.3a.1.2.2-test-applicability .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward
supporting 3DL CA and 4Rx antenna ports on some of the CC.

##### 5.2A.3A.1.2.3 Test description {#a.3a.1.2.3-test-description .H6}

##### 5.2A.3A.1.2.3.1 Initial conditions {#a.3a.1.2.3.1-initial-conditions .H6}

Same as 5.2A.3A.1.1.3.1

##### 5.2A.3A.1.2.3.2 Test procedure {#a.3a.1.2.3.2-test-procedure .H6}

Same as 5.2A.3A.1.1.3.2

##### 5.2A.3A.1.1.3.3 Message contents {#a.3a.1.1.3.3-message-contents-1 .H6}

Same as 5.2A.3A.1.1.3.3

##### 5.2A.3A.1.1.3.4 Test Requirement {#a.3a.1.1.3.4-test-requirement-1 .H6}

Same as 5.2A.3A.1.1.4 evaluated per component carrier.

##### 5.2A.3A.1.3 2Rx-4Rx Normal PDSCH Demodulation Performance for CA (4DL CA)

##### 5.2A.3A.1.3.1 Test Purpose {#a.3a.1.3.1-test-purpose .H6}

Same as 5.2A.3A.1.1.1

##### 5.2A.3A.1.3.2 Test applicability {#a.3a.1.3.2-test-applicability .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward
supporting 4DL CA and 4Rx antenna ports on some of the CC.

##### 5.2A.3A.1.3.3 Test description {#a.3a.1.3.3-test-description .H6}

##### 5.2A.3A.1.3.3.1 Initial conditions {#a.3a.1.3.3.1-initial-conditions .H6}

Same as 5.2A.3A.1.1.3.1

##### 5.2A.3A.1.3.3.2 Test procedure {#a.3a.1.3.3.2-test-procedure .H6}

Same as 5.2A.3A.1.1.3.2

##### 5.2A.3A.1.3.3.3 Message contents {#a.3a.1.3.3.3-message-contents .H6}

Same as 5.2A.3A.1.1.3.3

##### 5.2A.3A.1.3.3.4 Test Requirement {#a.3a.1.3.3.4-test-requirement .H6}

Same as 5.2A.3A.1.1.4 evaluated per component carrier

5.3 PDCCH demodulation requirements
-----------------------------------

The receiver characteristics of the PDCCH are determined by the
probability of miss-detection of the Downlink Scheduling Grant (Pm-dsg).

The parameters specified in Table 5.3-1 are valid for all PDCCH tests
unless otherwise stated.

Table 5.3-1: Common test Parameters

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Parameter   | Unit        | Value       |             |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| Carrier     | Offset      |             | 0           |             |
| co          | between     |             |             |             |
| nfiguration | Point A and |             |             |             |
|             | the lowest  |             |             |             |
|             | usable      |             |             |             |
|             | subcarrier  |             |             |             |
|             | on this     |             |             |             |
|             | carrier     |             |             |             |
|             | (Note 1)    |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| DL BWP      | Cyclic      |             | Normal      |             |
| co          | prefix      |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
| \#1         |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | RB offset   | RBs         | 0           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Common      | Physical    |             | 0           |             |
| serving     | Cell ID     |             |             |             |
| cell        |             |             |             |             |
| parameters  |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | SSB         |             | 1           |             |
|             | position in |             |             |             |
|             | burst       |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | SSB         | ms          | 20          |             |
|             | periodicity |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDCCH       | Slots for   |             | Each slot   |             |
| co          | PDCCH       |             |             |             |
| nfiguration | monitoring  |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 1           |             |
|             | PDCCH       |             |             |             |
|             | candidates  |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Frequency   |             | Start from  |             |
|             | domain      |             | RB = 0 with |             |
|             | resource    |             | contiguous  |             |
|             | allocation  |             | RB          |             |
|             | for CORESET |             | allocation  |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | TCI state   |             | TCI state   |             |
|             |             |             | \#1         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CSI-RS for  | First       |             | 0           |             |
| tracking    | subcarrier  |             |             |             |
|             | index in    |             |             |             |
|             | the PRB     |             |             |             |
|             | used for    |             |             |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             |             |             |
|             | (*k~0~*)    |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | First OFDM  |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             | symbol in   |             | resource 1: |             |
|             | the PRB     |             | 4\          |             |
|             | used for    |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             | resource 2: |             |
|             | (*l~0~*)    |             | 8\          |             |
|             |             |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             |             |             | resource 3: |             |
|             |             |             | 4\          |             |
|             |             |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             |             |             | resource 4: |             |
|             |             |             | 8           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 1           |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             |             |             |
|             | ports (*X*) |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CDM Type    |             | No CDM      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Density     |             | 3           |             |
|             | (*ρ*)       |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 15 kHz SCS: |             |
|             | periodicity |             | 20          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 30 kHz SCS: |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 15 kHz SCS: |             |
|             | offset      |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 10 for      |             |
|             |             |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             |             |             | resource 1  |             |
|             |             |             | and 2       |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 11 for      |             |
|             |             |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             |             |             | resource 3  |             |
|             |             |             | and 4       |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 30 kHz SCS: |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 20 for      |             |
|             |             |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             |             |             | resource 1  |             |
|             |             |             | and 2       |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 21 for      |             |
|             |             |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             |             |             | resource 3  |             |
|             |             |             | and 4       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Frequency   |             | Start PRB 0 |             |
|             | Occupation  |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | Number of   |             |
|             |             |             | PRB = BWP   |             |
|             |             |             | size        |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |             |
|             |             |             | \#0         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#0     |
| \#0         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#0     |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type D      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#1         | information | resource    |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking\'  |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
|             | information | resource    |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking\'  |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type D      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDCCH &     |             | For number  |             |             |
| PDCCH DMRS  |             | of Tx=1: No |             |             |
| Precoding   |             | precoding;  |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             | For number  |             |             |
|             |             | of Tx\>1:   |             |             |
|             |             | Single      |             |             |
|             |             | Panel Type  |             |             |
|             |             | I,          |             |             |
|             |             | Randomized  |             |             |
|             |             | precoder    |             |             |
|             |             | selection   |             |             |
|             |             | for every   |             |             |
|             |             | REG bundle  |             |             |
|             |             | and updated |             |             |
|             |             | per slot    |             |             |
|             |             | with equal  |             |             |
|             |             | probability |             |             |
|             |             | of each     |             |             |
|             |             | applicable  |             |             |
|             |             | i1/i2       |             |             |
|             |             | combination |             |             |
|             |             | or codebook |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             | index,      |             |             |
|             |             | chosen from |             |             |
|             |             | section     |             |             |
|             |             | 5.2.2.2.1   |             |             |
|             |             | of TS       |             |             |
|             |             | 38.214      |             |             |
|             |             | \[12\]      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Physical    |             | As          |             |             |
| signals,    |             | specified   |             |             |
| channels    |             | in Annex    |             |             |
| mapping and |             | B.4.1       |             |             |
| precoding   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Symbols for |             | OP.1 FDD as |             |             |
| all unused  |             | defined in  |             |             |
| REs         |             | Annex       |             |             |
|             |             | A.5.1.1     |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             | OP.1 TDD as |             |             |
|             |             | defined in  |             |             |
|             |             | Annex       |             |             |
|             |             | A.5.2.1     |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| The number  |             | 2 for FDD.  |             |             |
| of slots    |             |             |             |             |
| between     |             | For TDD,    |             |             |
| PDSCH and   |             | specific to |             |             |
| co          |             | each TDD    |             |             |
| rresponding |             | UL-DL       |             |             |
| HARQ-ACK    |             | pattern and |             |             |
| information |             | as defined  |             |             |
|             |             | in Annex    |             |             |
|             |             | A.1.2.      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Note 1:     |             |             |             |             |
| Point A     |             |             |             |             |
| coincides   |             |             |             |             |
| with        |             |             |             |             |
| minimum     |             |             |             |             |
| guard band  |             |             |             |             |
| as          |             |             |             |             |
| specified   |             |             |             |             |
| in Table    |             |             |             |             |
| 5.3.3-1     |             |             |             |             |
| from TS     |             |             |             |             |
| 38.101-1    |             |             |             |             |
| \[2\] for   |             |             |             |             |
| tested      |             |             |             |             |
| channel     |             |             |             |             |
| bandwidth   |             |             |             |             |
| and         |             |             |             |             |
| subcarrier  |             |             |             |             |
| spacing.    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[2\] clause
5.3.

### 5.3.1 1RX requirements

#### 5.3.1.1 FDD

The parameters specified in Table 5.3.1.1-1 are valid for all FDD tests
unless otherwise stated.

Table 5.3.1.1-1: Test Parameters

  ------------------------- ------ ----------------
  Parameter                 Unit   
  CCE to REG mapping type          nonInterleaved
  REG bundle size                  6
  Shift index                      0
  ------------------------- ------ ----------------

##### 5.3.1.1.1 1Rx FDD FR1 PDCCH performance for RedCap

##### 5.3.1.1.1.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-104 .H6}

This test verifies the demodulation performance of PDCCH under 1 receive
antenna conditions and with a given SNR for which the average
probability of miss-detection of the Downlink Scheduling Grant (Pm-dsg),
shall be below the specified value in Table 5.3.1.1.1.3-1. The downlink
physical setup is in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

##### 5.3.1.1.1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-104 .H6}

This test case applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward that
support NR RedCap.

##### 5.3.1.1.1.3 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-87 .H6}

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3.1.1-1, the average probability
of a missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the
specified value in Table 5.3.1.1.1.3-1. The downlink physical setup is
in accordance with Annex C.3.1.

Table 5.3.1.1.1.3-1: Minimum performance for UE supporting full-duplex
FDD or half-duplex FDD

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel    Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- -------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                  Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1-1           10                48           1                  8                   R.PDCCH. 1-1.3 FDD   TDLA30-10               2x1 Low                                        1                 5.8

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[2\] clause
5.3.1.1.1.

##### 5.3.1.1.1.4 Test description {#test-description-104 .H6}

##### 5.3.1.1.1.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-93 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDCCH before measurement are specified in Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A in Figure A.3.1.7.0 for
TE diagram and clause A.3.2.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.3-1 and Table 5.3.1.1.1.3-1 and as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR, *Connected without Release On, Test Mode* On
according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.5. Message contents are defined
in clause 5.3.1.1.1.4.3.

##### 5.3.1.1.1.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-93 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDCCH with DCI format as specified in PDCCH Reference
Channel for C\_RNTI to transmit the DL RMC according to Table
5.3.1.1.1.3-1. The details of PDCCH are specified in Table 5.3.1, Table
5.3.1.1-1, Table 5.3.1.1.1.3-1 respectively. The details of PDSCH are
specified in Table A.3.3.1.1-3. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits
on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the propagation condition, antenna
configuration, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to Table
5.3.1.1.1.5-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the Pm-dsg for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the number of
NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL PUCCH during each subtest interval.
Pm-dsg is the ratio (statDTX)/(NACK+ACK+statDTX). If Pm-dsg is less than
the value specified in table 5.3.1.1.1.5-1, pass the UE. Otherwise fail
the UE.

##### 5.3.1.1.1.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-89 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2 with the following exceptions:

Table 5.3.1.1.1.4.3-1: PDCCH-ControlResourceSet

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-6                                                                                                                 
  ----------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark                                         Comment                                                  Condition
  ControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                   
  frequencyDomainResources                              11111111 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000   CORESET to use the least significant 48 RBs of the BWP   
  }                                                                                                                                                                   

Table 5.3.1.1.1.4.3-2: PDCCH *Search Space*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7 with condition USS                                          
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------- ----------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                      Value/remark         Comment           Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                      
  nrofCandidates SEQUENCE {                                                                                       
  aggregationLevel8                                                        n1                   AL8               
  }                                                                                                               
  searchSpaceType CHOICE {                                                                                        
  common SEQUENCE {                                                                                               CSS, SISS
  ue-Specific SEQUENCE {                                                                                          USS
  dci-Formats                                                              formats0-1-And-1-1   DCI Format 1\_1   Long\_DCI
  }                                                                                                               
  }                                                                                                               
  }                                                                                                               

Table 5.3.1.1.1.4.3-3: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.2-3                                       
  ----------------------------------------------------- ------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark              Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                               
  resourceAllocation                                    resourceAllocationType0             
  }                                                                                         

##### 5.3.1.1.1.5 Test requirement {#test-requirement-97 .H6}

Table 5.3.1.1.1.5-1 defines the primary level settings.

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3.1.1-1 the average probability
of a missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the
specified value in Table 5.3.1.1.1.5-1.

Table 5.3.1.1.1.5-1: Test Requirement for PDCCH with 15 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel    Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- -------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                  Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1-1           10                48           1                  8                   R.PDCCH. 1-1.3 FDD   TDLA30-10               2x1 Low                                        1                 6.8

#### 5.3.1.2 TDD

The parameters specified in Table 5.3.1.2-1 are valid for all TDD tests
unless otherwise stated.

**Table 5.3.1.2-1: Test Parameters**

  ------------------------- ---------- -------------
  **Parameter**             **Unit**   
  TDD UL-DL pattern                    FR1.30-1
  CCE to REG mapping type              interleaved
  Interleaver size                     3
  REG bundle size                      2
  Shift Index                          0
  ------------------------- ---------- -------------

##### 5.3.1.2.1 1Rx TDD FR1 PDCCH performance for RedCap

##### 5.3.1.2.1.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-105 .H6}

This test verifies the demodulation performance of PDCCH under 1 receive
antenna conditions and with a given SNR for which the average
probability of miss-detection of the Downlink Scheduling Grant (Pm-dsg),
shall be below the specified value in Table 5.3.1.2.1.3-1. The downlink
physical setup is in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

##### 5.3.1.2.1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-105 .H6}

This test case applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward that
support NR RedCap.

##### 5.3.1.2.1.3 Minimum conformance requirements  {#minimum-conformance-requirements-88 .H6}

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3.1.2-1, the average probability
of a missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the
specified value in Table 5.3.1.2.1.3-1. The downlink physical setup is
in accordance with Annex C.3.1.

Table 5.3.1.2.1.3-1: Minimum performance for PDCCH with 30 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel   Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                 Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1             20                48           1                  4                   R.PDCCH.2-1.5 TDD   TDLC300-100             1x1                                            1                 8.6

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[2\] clause
5.3.1.2.1.

##### 5.3.1.2.1.4 Test description {#test-description-105 .H6}

##### 5.3.1.2.1.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-94 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDCCH before measurement are specified in Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A in Figure A.3.1.7.0 for
TE diagram and clause A.3.2.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.3-1 and Table 5.3.1.2.1.3-1 and as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR, *Connected without Release On, Test Mode* On
according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.5. Message contents are defined
in clause 5.3.1.2.1.4.3.

##### 5.3.1.2.1.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-94 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDCCH with DCI format as specified in PDCCH Reference
Channel for C\_RNTI to transmit the DL RMC according to Table
5.3.1.2.1.3-1. The details of PDCCH are specified in Table 5.3.1, Table
5.3.1.2-1, Table 5.3.1.2.1.3-1 respectively. The details of PDSCH are
specified in Table A.3.3.2.2-3.. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits
on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the propagation condition, antenna
configuration, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to Table
5.3.1.2.1.5-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the Pm-dsg for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the number of
NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL PUCCH during each subtest interval.
Pm-dsg is the ratio (statDTX)/(NACK+ACK+statDTX). If Pm-dsg is less than
the value specified in table 5.3.1.2.1.5-1, pass the UE. Otherwise fail
the UE.

##### 5.3.1.2.1.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-90 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2 with the following exceptions:

Table 5.3.1.2.1.4.3-1: PDCCH-ControlResourceSet

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-6                                                                                                                 
  ----------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark                                         Comment                                                  Condition
  ControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                   
  frequencyDomainResources                              11111111 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000   CORESET to use the least significant 48 RBs of the BWP   
  cce-REG-MappingType CHOICE {                                                                                                                                        
  interleaved ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                          
  reg-BundleSize                                        n2                                                                                                            
  interleaverSize                                       n3                                                                                                            
  shiftIndex                                            0                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                                                                                   

Table 5.3.1.2.1.4.3-2: PDCCH *Search Space*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7 with condition USS                                          
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------- ----------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                      Value/remark         Comment           Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                      
  nrofCandidates SEQUENCE {                                                                                       
  aggregationLevel4                                                        n1                   AL4               
  }                                                                                                               
  searchSpaceType CHOICE {                                                                                        
  common SEQUENCE {                                                                                               CSS, SISS
  ue-Specific SEQUENCE {                                                                                          USS
  dci-Formats                                                              formats0-1-And-1-1   DCI Format 1\_1   Long\_DCI
  }                                                                                                               
  }                                                                                                               
  }                                                                                                               

Table 5.3.1.2.1.4.3-3: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.2-3                                       
  ----------------------------------------------------- ------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark              Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                               
  resourceAllocation                                    resourceAllocationType0             
  }                                                                                         

##### 5.3.1.2.1.5 Test requirement {#test-requirement-98 .H6}

Table 5.3.1.2.1.5-1 defines the primary level settings.

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3.1.2-1 the average probability
of a missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the
specified value in Table 5.3.1.2.1.5-1.

Table 5.3.1.2.1.5-1: Test Requirement for PDCCH with 30 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel   Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                 Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1             20                48           1                  4                   R.PDCCH.2-1.5 TDD   TDLC300-100             1x1                                            1                 9.6

### 5.3.2 2RX requirements

#### 5.3.2.1 FDD

The parameters specified in Table 5.3.2.1-1 are valid for all FDD tests
unless otherwise stated.

Table 5.3.2.1-1: Test Parameters

  Parameter                 Unit   1 Tx Antenna     2 Tx Antenna
  ------------------------- ------ ---------------- --------------
  CCE to REG mapping type          nonInterleaved   
  REG bundle size                  6                
  Shift index                      0                

##### 5.3.2.1.1 2Rx FDD FR1 PDCCH 1 Tx antenna performance for both SA and NSA

##### 5.3.2.1.1.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-106 .H6}

This test verifies the demodulation performance of PDCCH under 2 receive
antenna conditions and with a given SNR for which the average
probability of miss-detection of the Downlink Scheduling Grant (Pm-dsg),
shall be below the specified value in Table 5.3.2.1.1.3-1. The downlink
physical setup is in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

##### 5.3.2.1.1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-106 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC.

##### 5.3.2.1.1.3 Minimum conformance requirements  {#minimum-conformance-requirements-89 .H6}

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3.2.1-1, the average probability
of a missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the
specified value in Table 5.3.2.1.1.3-1. The downlink physical setup is
in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

Table 5.3.2.1.1.3-1: Minimum performance for 1 Tx PDCCH with 15 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel   Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                           Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1-1           10 MHz      24           2                  2                   R.PDCCH.1-2.1 FDD   TDLA30-10               1x2 Low                                        1                 8.1
  1-2           10 MHz      24           2                  2                   R.PDCCH.1-2.3 FDD   TDLC300-100             1x2 Low                                        1                 8.2
  1-3           10 MHz      48           2                  4                   R.PDCCH.1-2.4 FDD   TDLA30-10               1x2 Low                                        1                 5.5
  1-4           10 MHz      48           1                  4                   R.PDCCH.1-1.1 FDD   TDLA30-10               1x2 Low                                        1                 4.4
  1-5           10 MHz      48           2                  16                  R.PDCCH.1-2.6 FDD   TDLA30-10               1x2 Low                                        1                 -2.1

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[2\] clause
5.3.

##### 5.3.2.1.1.4 Test description {#test-description-106 .H6}

##### 5.3.2.1.1.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-95 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDCCH before measurement are specified in Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A in Figure A.3.1.7.2 for
TE diagram and clause A.3.2.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.3-1 and Table 5.3.2.1.1-1 and as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
Release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.1.1.4.3.

##### 5.3.2.1.1.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-95 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDCCH with DCI format as specified in PDCCH Reference
Channel for C\_RNTI to transmit the DL RMC according to Table
5.3.2.1.1.3-1. The details of PDCCH are specified in Table 5.3.1, Table
5.3.2.1-1, Table 5.3.2.1.1.3-1 respectively. The details of PDSCH are
specified in Table A.3.3.1.1-3. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits
on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the propagation condition, antenna
configuration, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to Table
5.3.2.1.1.4.4-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the Pm-dsg for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the number of
NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL PUCCH during each subtest interval.
Pm-dsg is the ratio (statDTX)/(NACK+ACK+statDTX). If Pm-dsg is less than
the value specified in table 5.3.2.1.1.4.4-1, pass the UE. Otherwise
fail the UE.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Table 5.3.2.1.1.4.4-1
as appropriate.

##### 5.3.2.1.1.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-91 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.3.2.1.1.4.3.1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-73 .H6}

Table 5.3.2.1.1.4.3.1-1: PDCCH-ControlResourceSet

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-6 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Con             |                 |                 |           |
| trolResourceSet |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| frequency       | 11111111        | CORESET to use  |           |
| DomainResources | 00000000        | the least       |           |
|                 | 00000000        | significant 48  |           |
|                 | 00000000        | RBs of the BWP  |           |
|                 | 00000000 00000  |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test 3, 4, 5    |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
|                 | 11110000        | CORESET to use  |           |
|                 | 00000000        | the least       |           |
|                 | 00000000        | significant 24  |           |
|                 | 00000000        | RBs of the BWP  |           |
|                 | 00000000 00000  |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test 1, 2       |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Duration        | 2               | SearchSpace     |           |
|                 |                 | duration of 2   |           |
|                 |                 | symbols         |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test 1, 2, 3, 5 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
|                 | 1               | SearchSpace     |           |
|                 |                 | duration of 1   |           |
|                 |                 | symbol          |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test 4          |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.3.2.1.1.4.3.1-2: PDCCH *Search Space*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7 with condition USS                                                            
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------- ----------------------------------- ----------------
  Information Element                                                      Value/remark         Comment                             Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                        
  nrofCandidates SEQUENCE {                                                                                                         
  aggregationLevel1                                                        n0                                                       
  aggregationLevel2                                                        n1                   AL2                                 Test 1, Test 2
  aggregationLevel4                                                        n1                   AL4                                 Test 3, Test 4
  aggregationLevel8                                                        n0                                                       
  aggregationLevel16                                                       n1                   AL16                                Test 5
  }                                                                                                                                 
  searchSpaceType CHOICE {                                                                                                          
  common SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                 CSS, SISS
  ue-Specific SEQUENCE {                                                                                                            USS
  dci-Formats                                                              formats0-1-And-1-1   DCI Format 1\_1 for tests 2 and 3   Long\_DCI
                                                                           formats0-0-And-1-0   DCI Format 1\_0 for tests 1, 4, 5   
  }                                                                                                                                 
  }                                                                                                                                 
  }                                                                                                                                 

Table 5.3.2.1.1.4.3.1-3: Void

Table 5.3.2.1.1.4.3.1-3A: *PDSCH-Config*

+----------------------+----------------------+---------+-----------+
| Derivation Path: TS  |                      |         |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\],      |                      |         |           |
| Table 5.4.2.2-3      |                      |         |           |
+======================+======================+=========+===========+
| Information Element  | Value/remark         | Comment | Condition |
+----------------------+----------------------+---------+-----------+
| PDSCH-Config ::=     |                      |         |           |
| SEQUENCE {           |                      |         |           |
+----------------------+----------------------+---------+-----------+
| resourceAllocation   | res                  |         | Test 1,   |
|                      | ourceAllocationType1 |         |           |
|                      |                      |         | Test 4,   |
|                      |                      |         |           |
|                      |                      |         | Test 5    |
+----------------------+----------------------+---------+-----------+
| }                    |                      |         |           |
+----------------------+----------------------+---------+-----------+

##### 5.3.2.1.1.4.3.2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-67 .H6}

Same as 5.3.2.1.1.4.3.1

##### 5.3.2.1.1.4.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-99 .H6}

Table 5.3.2.1.1.4.4-1 defines the primary level settings.

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3-1 the average probability of a
missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the specified
value in Table 5.3.2.1.1.4.4-1.

Table 5.3.2.1.1.4.4-1: Test Requirement for 1Tx PDCCH with 15 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel   Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                           Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1-1           10 MHz      24           2                  2                   R.PDCCH.1-2.1 FDD   TDLA30-10               1x2 Low                                        1                 9.0
  1-2           10 MHz      24           2                  2                   R.PDCCH.1-2.3 FDD   TDLC300-100             1x2 Low                                        1                 9.1
  1-3           10 MHz      48           2                  4                   R.PDCCH.1-2.4 FDD   TDLA30-10               1x2 Low                                        1                 6.4
  1-4           10 MHz      48           1                  4                   R.PDCCH.1-1.1 FDD   TDLA30-10               1x2 Low                                        1                 5.3
  1-5           10MHz       48           2                  16                  R.PDCCH.1-2.6 FDD   TDLA30-10               1x2 Low                                        1                 -1.2

##### 5.3.2.1.2 2Rx FDD FR1 PDCCH 2 Tx antenna performance for both SA and NSA

##### 5.3.2.1.2.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-107 .H6}

This test verifies the demodulation performance of PDCCH under 2 receive
antenna conditions and with a given SNR for which the average
probability of miss-detection of the Downlink Scheduling Grant (Pm-dsg),
shall be below the specified value in Table 5.3.2.1.2.3-1. The downlink
physical setup is in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

##### 5.3.2.1.2.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-107 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC.

##### 5.3.2.1.2.3 Minimum conformance requirements  {#minimum-conformance-requirements-90 .H6}

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3.2.1-1, the average probability
of a missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the
specified value in Table 5.3.2.1.2.3-1. The downlink physical setup is
in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

Table 5.3.2.1.2.3-1: Minimum performance for 2 Tx PDCCH with 15 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel    Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- -------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                            Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1-1           10 MHz      24           2                  4                   R.PDCCH. 1-2.2 FDD   TDLC300-100             2x2 Low                                        1                 2.0
  1-2           10 MHz      48           2                  8                   R.PDCCH. 1-2.5 FDD   TDLC300-100             2x2 Low                                        1                 -1.3
  1-3           10 MHz      48           1                  8                   R.PDCCH.1-1.3 FDD    TDLA30-10               2x2 Low                                        1                 -0.2

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[2\] clause
5.3.

##### 5.3.2.1.2.4 Test description {#test-description-107 .H6}

##### 5.3.2.1.2.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-96 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDCCH before measurement are specified in Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.3-1, Table 5.3.2.1-1 and Table 5.3.2.1.2.3-1 and as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
Release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.3.2.1.2.4.3.

##### 5.3.2.1.2.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-96 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDCCH with DCI format as specified in PDCCH Reference
Channelfor C\_RNTI to transmit the DL RMC according to Table
5.3.2.1.2.3-1. The details of PDCCH are specified in Table 5.3.1, Table
5.3.2.1-1, Table 5.3.2.1.2.3-1 respectively. The details of PDSCH are
specified in Table A.3.3.1.1-3. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits
on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the propagation condition, antenna
configuration, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to Table
5.3.2.1.2.4.4-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the Pm-dsg for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the number of
NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL PUCCH during each subtest interval.
Pm-dsg is the ratio (statDTX)/(NACK+ACK+statDTX). If Pm-dsg is less than
the value specified in table 5.3.2.1.2.4.4-1, pass the UE. Otherwise
fail the UE.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Table 5.3.2.1.2.4.4-1
as appropriate.

##### 5.3.2.1.2.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-92 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.3.2.1.2.4.3.1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-74 .H6}

Table 5.3.2.1.2.4.3.1-1: PDCCH-ControlResourceSet

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-6 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Con             |                 |                 |           |
| trolResourceSet |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| frequency       | 11111111        | CORESET to use  |           |
| DomainResources | 00000000        | the least       |           |
|                 | 00000000        | significant 48  |           |
|                 | 00000000        | RBs of the BWP  |           |
|                 | 00000000 00000  |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test 2, 3       |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
|                 | 11110000        | CORESET to use  |           |
|                 | 00000000        | the least       |           |
|                 | 00000000        | significant 24  |           |
|                 | 00000000        | RBs of the BWP  |           |
|                 | 00000000 00000  |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test 1          |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Duration        | 2               | SearchSpace     |           |
|                 |                 | duration of 2   |           |
|                 |                 | symbols         |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test 1, 2       |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
|                 | 1               | SearchSpace     |           |
|                 |                 | duration of 1   |           |
|                 |                 | symbol          |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test 3          |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.3.2.1.2.4.3.1-2: PDCCH *Search Space*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7                                                            
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------------- ----------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark         Comment                             Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                     
  nrofCandidates SEQUENCE {                                                                                      
  aggregationLevel1                                     n0                                                       
  aggregationLevel2                                     n0                                                       
  aggregationLevel4                                     n1                   AL4                                 Test 1
  aggregationLevel8                                     n1                   AL8                                 Test 2, 3
  aggregationLevel16                                    n0                                                       
  }                                                                                                              
  searchSpaceType CHOICE {                                                                                       
  common SEQUENCE {                                                                                              CSS, SISS
  ue-Specific SEQUENCE {                                                                                         USS
  dci-Formats                                           formats0-1-And-1-1   DCI Format 1\_1 for tests 2 and 3   Long\_DCI
                                                        formats0-0-And-1-0   DCI Format 1\_0 for test 1          
  }                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                              
  }                                                                                                              

Table 5.3.2.1.2.4.3.1-3: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                                       
  ------------------------------------------------------ ------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark              Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                
  resourceAllocation                                     resourceAllocationType1             Test 1
  }                                                                                          

##### 5.3.2.1.2.4.3.2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-68 .H6}

Same as 5.3.2.1.2.4.3.1

##### 5.3.2.1.2.4.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-100 .H6}

Table 5.3.2.1.2.4.4-1 defines the primary level settings.

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3-1 the average probability of a
missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the specified
value in Table 5.3.2.1.2.4.4-1.

Table 5.3.2.1.2.4.4-1: Test Requirements for 2 Tx PDCCH with 15 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel    Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- -------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                            Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1-1           10 MHz      24           2                  4                   R.PDCCH. 1-2.2 FDD   TDLC300-100             2x2 Low                                        1                 3.0
  1-2           10 MHz      48           2                  8                   R.PDCCH. 1-2.5 FDD   TDLC300-100             2x2 Low                                        1                 -0.3
  1-3           10 MHz      48           1                  8                   R.PDCCH.1-1.3 FDD    TDLA30-10               2x2 Low                                        1                 0.8

##### 5.3.2.1.3 2Rx FDD FR1 PDCCH 1 Tx antenna performance for power saving

##### 5.3.2.1.3.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-108 .H6}

This test verifies the demodulation performance of PDCCH under 2 receive
antenna conditions and with a given SNR for which the average
probability of miss-detection of the Downlink Scheduling Grant (Pm-dsg),
shall be below the specified value in Table 5.3.2.1.3.3-2. The downlink
physical setup is in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

##### 5.3.2.1.3.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-108 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward
supporting Long DRX and DRX adaptation

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 16 and forward
supporting EN-DC and Long DRX and DRX adaptation.

##### 5.3.2.1.3.3 Minimum conformance requirements  {#minimum-conformance-requirements-91 .H6}

The parameters specified in Table 5.3.2.1.3.3-1 are valid for FDD test
unless otherwise stated.

Table 5.3.2.1.3.3-1: Test Parameters

  Parameter                                                                               Unit                                               1 Tx Antenna     
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- ---------------- -----------------------------------------------------
  CCE to REG mapping type                                                                                                                    nonInterleaved   
  REG bundle size                                                                                                                            6                
  Shift Index                                                                                                                                0                
  DRX cycle                                                                               ms                                                 10               
  ps-WakeUp-r16                                                                                                                              absent           
  Wake-up indication bit in DCI format 2\_6                                                                                                  1                
  PDCCH DCI format 2\_6 configuration                                                     PS-offset                                                           $${(T}_{\text{minimumTimeGap}} + 1)/2^{\mu}/0.125$$
                                                                                          Number of PDCCH candidates                                          1
                                                                                          Frequency domain resource allocation for CORESET                    Start from RB = 0 with contiguous RB allocation
                                                                                          TCI state                                                           TCI state \#1
  PDCCH configuration                                                                     Slots for PDCCH monitoring                                          Each slot during DRX-on period
                                                                                                                                                              
  Note: T~minimumTimeGap~ is signalled as a part of *drx-Adaptation-r16* UE capability.                                                                       

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3.2.1.3.3-1, the average
probability of a missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be
below the specified value in Table 5.3.2.1.3.3-2. The downlink physical
setup is in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

Table 5.3.2.1.3.3-2: Minimum performance for PDCCH with 15 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel    Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- -------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                  Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1-1           10                48           2                  4                   R.PDCCH. 1-2.4 FDD   TDLA30-10               1x2 Low                                        1                 5.5
                                               2                  8                   R.PDCCH. 1-2.7 FDD                                                                                            

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[2\] clause
5.3.2.1.3.

##### 5.3.2.1.3.4 Test description {#test-description-108 .H6}

##### 5.3.2.1.3.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-97 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDCCH before measurement are specified in Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.3-1, Table 5.3.2.1-1, Table 5.3.2.1.3.3-1 and Table 5.3.2.1.3.3-2 and
as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
Release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.3.2.1.3.4.3.

##### 5.3.2.1.3.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-97 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDCCH with DCI format2\_6 as specified in PDCCH
Reference Channel for PS\_RNTI within DRX off state. The Wake-up
indication bit in PDCCH is set to 1.

2\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH with DCI format 1\_1 as specified in
PDCCH Reference Channel for C\_RNTI to transmit the DL RMC according to
Table 5.3.2.1.3.3-2 in DRX on period. The details of PDCCH are specified
in Table 5.3.1, Table 5.3.2.1-1, Table 5.3.2.1.3.3-1 and Table
5.3.2.1.3.3-2 respectively. The details of PDSCH are specified in Table
A.3.3.1.1-3. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.
During the test the UE shall monitor the DCI format 2\_6 PDCCH in DRX
off state and decide whether to receive the following PDCCH in DRX on
period.

3\. Set the parameters of the propagation condition, antenna
configuration, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to Table
5.3.2.1.3.4.4-1as appropriate.

4\. Measure the Pm-dsg for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the number of
NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL PUCCH during each subtest interval.
Pm-dsg is the ratio (statDTX)/(NACK+ACK+statDTX). If Pm-dsg is less than
the value specified in table 5.3.2.1.3.4.4-1, pass the UE. Otherwise
fail the UE.

5\. Repeat steps from 2 to 4 for each subtest in Table 5.3.2.1.3.3-2 as
appropriate.

##### 5.3.2.1.3.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-93 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.3.2.1.3.4.3.1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-75 .H6}

Table 5.3.2.1.3.4.3.1-1: DRX-Config

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\],Table 4.6.3-56                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  DRX-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                    
  drx-onDurationTimer CHOICE {                                                 
  milliSeconds                                        ms5                      
  }                                                                            
  drx-InactivityTimer                                 ms0                      
  drx-HARQ-RTT-TimerDL                                0                        
  drx-HARQ-RTT-TimerUL                                0                        
  drx-RetransmissionTimerDL                           sl1                      
  drx-RetransmissionTimerUL                           sl1                      
  drx-LongCycleStartOffset CHOICE {                                            
  ms10                                                0                        
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            

Table 5.3.2.1.3.4.3.1-2: DCP-Config

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-106                            
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- ---------------------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  dcp-Config-r16 CHOICE {                                                        
  setup SEQUENCE {                                                               
  ps-Offset-r16                                         32                       Scs-15kHz-r16 = sl3
  sizeDCI-2-6-r16                                       2                        
  ps-PositionDCI-2-6-r16                                0                        
  }                                                                              
  }                                                                              

Table 5.3.2.1.3.4.3.1-3: PDCCH-Config

+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| Derivation Path: TS  |                    |         |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\],Table |                    |         |           |
| 4.6.3-95             |                    |         |           |
+======================+====================+=========+===========+
| Information Element  | Value/remark       | Comment | Condition |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| PDCCH-Config::=      |                    |         |           |
| SEQUENCE {           |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| controlRes           | 1 entry            |         |           |
| ourceSetToAddModList |                    |         |           |
| SE                   |                    |         |           |
| QUENCE(SEQUENCE(SIZE |                    |         |           |
| (1..3)) OF           |                    |         |           |
| ControlResourceSet   |                    |         |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {       |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| Con                  | ControlResourceSet |         |           |
| trolResourceSet\[1\] |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| }                    |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| sear                 | 2 entries          |         |           |
| chSpacesToAddModList |                    |         |           |
|                      |                    |         |           |
| SEQUENCE(SIZE        |                    |         |           |
| (1..10)) OF          |                    |         |           |
| SearchSpace ::=      |                    |         |           |
| SEQUENCE {           |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| SearchSpace\[1\]     | SearchSpace1       |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| SearchSpace\[2\]     | SearchSpace2       |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| }                    |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| searchSpace          | 2 entries          |         |           |
| sToAddModListExt-r16 |                    |         |           |
| SEQUENCE(SIZE        |                    |         |           |
| (1..10)) OF          |                    |         |           |
| SearchSpace {        |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| sea                  | SearchSpaceExt1    |         |           |
| rchSpaceExt-r16\[1\] |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| sea                  | SearchSpaceExt2    |         |           |
| rchSpaceExt-r16\[2\] |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| }                    |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| }                    |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+

Table 5.3.2.1.3.4.3.1-4: PDCCH-ControlResourceSet

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-6                                                                                                                 
  ----------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark                                         Comment                                                  Condition
  ControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                   
  controlResourceSetId                                  1                                                                                                             
  frequencyDomainResources                              11111111 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000   CORESET to use the least significant 48 RBs of the BWP   
  Duration                                              2                                                    SearchSpace duration of 2 symbol                         
  cce-REG-MappingType CHOICE {                                                                                                                                        
  nonInterleaved SEQUENCE                                                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                                                                                   

Table 5.3.2.1.3.4.3.1-5: Void

Table 5.3.2.1.3.4.3.1-6: PDCCH *Search Space1*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7                                                           
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------------- ---------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark         Comment                            Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                    
  searchSpaceId                                         2                    SearchSpaceId with condition USS   USS
  controlResourceSetId                                  1                    ControlResourceSetId               
  monitoringSlotPeriodicityAndOffset CHOICE {                                                                   
  sl1                                                   NULL                                                    
  }                                                                                                             
  nrofCandidates SEQUENCE {                                                                                     
  aggregationLevel4                                     n1                   Test AL4                           
  aggregationLevel8                                     n1                   Test AL8                           
  }                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                             
  searchSpaceType CHOICE {                                                                                      
  ue-Specific SEQUENCE {                                                                                        USS
  dci-Formats                                           formats0-1-And-1-1   DCI Format 1\_1                    Long\_DCI
  }                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                             

Table 5.3.2.1.3.4.3.1-6A: PDCCH *Search Space2*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7                                         
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- ---------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment                Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                  
  searchSpaceId                                         4                                     
  controlResourceSetId                                  1              ControlResourceSetId   
  monitoringSlotPeriodicityAndOffset CHOICE {                                                 
  sl1                                                   NULL                                  
  }                                                                                           
  nrofCandidates SEQUENCE {                                                                   
  aggregationLevel4                                     n1             Test AL4               
  aggregationLevel8                                     n1             Test AL8               
  }                                                                                           
  }                                                                                           
  searchSpaceType CHOICE {                                                                    
  common SEQUENCE {                                                                           CSS, SISS
  }                                                                                           
  }                                                                                           
  }                                                                                           

Table 5.3.2.1.3.4.3.1-7: PDCCH *Search Space Ext1*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7a                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SearchSpaceExt-r16 ::= SEQUENCE {                                               
  controlResourceSetId-r16                               1                        
  }                                                                               

Table 5.3.2.1.3.4.3.1-7A: PDCCH *Search Space Ext2*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7a                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SearchSpaceExt-r16 ::= SEQUENCE {                                               
  controlResourceSetId-r16                               1                        
  searchSpaceType-r16 SEQUENCE {                                                  
  common SEQUENCE {                                                               
  dci-Format2-6-r16 SEQUENCE {                           NULL                     
  }                                                                               
  }                                                                               
  }                                                                               
  }                                                                               

Table 5.3.2.1.3.4.3.1-8: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ --------------- ------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark    Comment                  Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                     
  TCI-State\[1\]                                         TCI-StateId 0                            
  qcl-type1 {                                                            Type 1 QCL information   
  Cell                                                   ServCellIndex                            
  Bwp-id                                                 1               BWP ID                   
  referenceSignal                                        Ssb : 0         SSB \# 0                 
  Qcl-Type                                               Type C                                   
  }                                                                                               
  qcl-type2 {                                                            Type 2 QCL information   
  Cell                                                   ServCellIndex                            
  Bwp-id                                                 1               BWP ID                   
  referenceSignal                                        Ssb : 0         SSB \# 0                 
  Qcl-Type                                               Type D                                   
  }                                                                                               
  TCI-State\[2\]                                         TCI-StateId 1   Type 1 QCL information   
  qcl-type1 {                                                                                     
  Cell                                                   ServCellIndex                            
  Bwp-id                                                 1               BWP ID                   
  referenceSignal                                        csi-rs : 0      CSI-RS \# 0              
  Qcl-Type                                               Type A                                   
  }                                                                                               
  qcl-type2 {                                                            Type 2 QCL information   
  Cell                                                   ServCellIndex                            
  Bwp-id                                                 1               BWP ID                   
  referenceSignal                                        csi-rs : 0      SSB \# 0                 
  Qcl-Type                                               Type D                                   
  }                                                                                               
  }                                                                                               
  }                                                                                               

##### 5.3.2.1.3.4.3.2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-69 .H6}

Same as 5.3.2.1.3.4.3.1

##### 5.3.2.1.3.4.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-101 .H6}

Table 5.3.2.1.3.4.4-1 defines the primary level settings.

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3-1 the average probability of a
missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the specified
value in Table 5.3.2.1.3.4.4-1.

Table 5.3.2.1.3.4.4-1: Test Requirements for PDCCH with 15 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel    Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- -------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                  Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1-1           10                48           2                  4                   R.PDCCH. 1-2.4 FDD   TDLA30-10               1x2 Low                                        1                 6.4
                                               2                  8                   R.PDCCH. 1-2.7 FDD                                                                                            

##### 5.3.2.1.4 2Rx FDD FR1 PDCCH performance for RedCap

##### 5.3.2.1.4.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-109 .H6}

This test verifies the demodulation performance of PDCCH under 1 receive
antenna conditions and with a given SNR for which the average
probability of miss-detection of the Downlink Scheduling Grant (Pm-dsg),
shall be below the specified value in Table 5.3.2.1.4.3-1. The downlink
physical setup is in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

##### 5.3.2.1.4.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-109 .H6}

This test case applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward that
support NR RedCap.

##### 5.3.2.1.4.3 Minimum conformance requirements  {#minimum-conformance-requirements-92 .H6}

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3.2.1-1, the average probability
of a missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the
specified value in Table 5.3.2.1.4.3-1. The downlink physical setup is
in accordance with Annex C.3.1.

Table 5.3.2.1.4.3-1: Minimum performance for PDCCH with 15 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel    Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- -------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                  Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1-1           10                48           2                  4                   R.PDCCH. 1-2.4 FDD   TDLA30-10               1x2 Low                                        1                 5.5
  1-2           10                48           1                  8                   R.PDCCH. 1-1.3 FDD   TDLA30-10               2x2 Low                                        1                 -0.2

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[2\] clause
5.3.2.1.4.

##### 5.3.2.1.4.4 Test description {#test-description-109 .H6}

##### 5.3.2.1.4.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-98 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDCCH before measurement are specified in Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A in Figure A.3.1.7.1 for
TE diagram and clause A.3.2.3 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.3-1 and Table 5.3.2.1.4.5-1 and as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR, *Connected without Release On, Test Mode* On
according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.5. Message contents are defined
in clause 5.3.2.1.4.4.3.

##### 5.3.2.1.4.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-98 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDCCH with DCI format as specified in PDCCH Reference
Channel for C\_RNTI to transmit the DL RMC according to Table
5.3.2.1.4.5-1. The details of PDCCH are specified in Table 5.3.1, Table
5.3.2.1-1, Table 5.3.2.1.4.5-1 respectively. The details of PDSCH are
specified in Table A.3.3.1.1-3. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits
on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the propagation condition, antenna
configuration, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to Table
5.3.2.1.4.5-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the Pm-dsg for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the number of
NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL PUCCH during each subtest interval.
Pm-dsg is the ratio (statDTX)/(NACK+ACK+statDTX). If Pm-dsg is less than
the value specified in table 5.3.2.1.4.5-1, pass the UE. Otherwise fail
the UE.

##### 5.3.2.1.4.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-94 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2 with the following exceptions:

Table 5.3.2.1.4.4.3-1: PDCCH-ControlResourceSet

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-6 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Con             |                 |                 |           |
| trolResourceSet |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| frequency       | 11111111        | CORESET to use  |           |
| DomainResources | 00000000        | the least       |           |
|                 | 00000000        | significant 48  |           |
|                 | 00000000        | RBs of the BWP  |           |
|                 | 00000000 00000  |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Duration        | 2               | SearchSpace     |           |
|                 |                 | duration of 2   |           |
|                 |                 | symbols         |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test 1          |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
|                 | 1               | SearchSpace     |           |
|                 |                 | duration of 1   |           |
|                 |                 | symbol          |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test 2          |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.3.2.1.4.4.3-2: PDCCH *Search Space*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7 with condition USS                                          
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------- ----------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                      Value/remark         Comment           Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                      
  nrofCandidates SEQUENCE {                                                                                       
  aggregationLevel4                                                        n1                   AL4               Test 1
  aggregationLevel8                                                        n1                   AL8               Test 2
  }                                                                                                               
  searchSpaceType CHOICE {                                                                                        
  common SEQUENCE {                                                                                               CSS, SISS
  ue-Specific SEQUENCE {                                                                                          USS
  dci-Formats                                                              formats0-1-And-1-1   DCI Format 1\_1   Long\_DCI
  }                                                                                                               
  }                                                                                                               
  }                                                                                                               

Table 5.3.2.1.4.4.3-3: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.2-3                                       
  ----------------------------------------------------- ------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark              Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                               
  resourceAllocation                                    resourceAllocationType0             
  }                                                                                         

##### 5.3.2.1.4.5 Test requirement {#test-requirement-102 .H6}

Table 5.3.2.1.4.5-1 defines the primary level settings.

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3-1 the average probability of a
missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the specified
value in Table 5.3.2.1.4.5-1.

Table 5.3.2.1.4.5-1: Test Requirement for PDCCH with 15 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel    Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- -------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                  Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1-1           10                48           2                  4                   R.PDCCH. 1-2.4 FDD   TDLA30-10               1x2 Low                                        1                 6.4
  1-2           10                48           1                  8                   R.PDCCH. 1-1.3 FDD   TDLA30-10               2x2 Low                                        1                 0.8

##### 5.3.2.1.5 2RX FDD Minimum requirements for PDCCH with intra-slot repetition

##### 5.3.2.1.5.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-110 .H6}

This test verifies the demodulation performance of PDCCH under 2 receive
antenna conditions and with a given SNR for which the average
probability of miss-detection of the Downlink Scheduling Grant (Pm-dsg),
shall be below the specified value in Table 5.3.2.1.5.3-2. The downlink
physical setup is in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

##### 5.3.2.1.5.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-110 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 17 and forward
supporting EN-DC.

##### 5.3.2.1.5.3 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-93 .H6}

Table 5.3.2.1.5.3-1: Test Parameters

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        | Unit     | Value    |          |          |          |
| arameter |          |          |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          | TRxP     | TRxP     |          |          |
|          |          | \#1(Note | \#2(Note |          |          |
|          |          | 1)       | 1)       |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Transmit |          | TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |
| TRxP of  |          |          |          |          |          |
| SSB      |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDCCH    | TCI      |          | TCI      | TCI      |          |
| confi    | state    |          | State    | State    |          |
| guration |          |          | \#1      | \#2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CORESETP |          | 0,1      |          |          |
|          | oolIndex |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Re       |          | FDM      |          |          |
|          | petition |          |          |          |          |
|          | tran     |          |          |          |          |
|          | smission |          |          |          |          |
|          | schemes  |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CCE to   |          | nonInt   |          |          |
|          | REG      |          | erleaved |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | REG      |          | 6        |          |          |
|          | bundle   |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Time     |          | timing   |          |          |
|          | offset/F |          | offset = |          |          |
|          | requency |          | -0.5us,  |          |          |
|          | offset   |          | f        |          |          |
|          | of the   |          | requency |          |          |
|          | second   |          | offset = |          |          |
|          | TxRP     |          | 200Hz    |          |          |
|          | from the |          |          |          |          |
|          | first    |          |          |          |          |
|          | TxRP     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | F        |          | F        |          |          |
|          | requency |          | requency |          |          |
|          | domain   |          | non-ove  |          |          |
|          | resource |          | rlapping |          |          |
|          | al       |          |          |          |          |
|          | location |          |          |          |          |
|          | for      |          |          |          |          |
|          | CORSET   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CSI-RS   | First    |          | k0=0 for | k0=1 for |          |
| for      | su       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
| tracking | bcarrier |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | index in |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | the PRB  |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | used for |          |          |          |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | First    |          | l0 = 6   | l0 = 6   |          |
|          | OFDM     |          | for      | for      |          |
|          | symbol   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | in the   |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | PRB used |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | for      |          | 1 and 3  | 5 and 7  |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | l0 = 10  | l0 = 10  |          |
|          |          |          | for      | for      |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 2 and 4  | 6 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1 for    | 1 for    |          |
|          | of       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          | resource | resource |          |
|          | ports    |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | (X)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CDM Type |          | 'No CDM' |          |          |
|          |          |          | for      |          |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   |          |          |
|          |          |          | resource |          |          |
|          |          |          | 1,2,3,4  |          |          |
|          |          |          | ,5,6,7,8 |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Density  |          | 3        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 20       |          |          |
|          | per      |          |          |          |          |
|          | iodicity |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 10 for   | 10 for   |          |
|          | offset   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 1 and 2  | 5 and 6  |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | 11 for   | 11 for   |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 3 and 4  | 7 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | QCL info |          | TCI      |          |          |
|          |          |          | state    |          |          |
|          |          |          | \#0      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | CSI-RS   | N/A      |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          | resource |          |
| \#1      | inf      |          |          | 1 from   |          |
|          | ormation |          |          | \'CSI-RS |          |
|          |          |          |          | for      |          |
|          |          |          |          | t        |          |
|          |          |          |          | racking' |          |
|          |          |          |          | confi    |          |
|          |          |          |          | guration |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | Type A   | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | CSI-RS   |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          |          | resource |
| \#2      | inf      |          |          |          | 5 from   |
|          | ormation |          |          |          | \'CSI-RS |
|          |          |          |          |          | for      |
|          |          |          |          |          | t        |
|          |          |          |          |          | racking' |
|          |          |          |          |          | confi    |
|          |          |          |          |          | guration |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | Type A   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note:    |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDCCH is |          |          |          |          |          |
| tra      |          |          |          |          |          |
| nsmitted |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| both     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |          |          |
| and TRxP |          |          |          |          |          |
| \#2      |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3.2.1.5.3-1, the average
probability of a missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be
below the specified value in Table 5.3.2.1.5.3-2. The downlink physical
setup is in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

Table 5.3.2.1.5.3-2: Minimum performance for PDCCH with 15kHz SCS (Note
2)

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Test num.</th>
<th>Bandwidth(MHz)</th>
<th>CORESET RB (Note 4)</th>
<th>CORESET duration</th>
<th>Aggregation level</th>
<th>Reference Channel</th>
<th>Propagation Condition (Note 1)</th>
<th>Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix</th>
<th>Reference value</th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><p>Pm-dsg</p>
<p>(%)</p></td>
<td>SNR (dB) (Note 3)</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>1-1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>R.PDCCH. 1-2.1 FDD</td>
<td>TDLA30-10</td>
<td>2x2, ULA Low</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2.7</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The propagation conditions apply to each of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 and are statistically independent.</p>
<p>Note 2: Bandwidth, CORESET parameters, reference channel, Correlation matrix and antenna configuration parameters apply to each of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2.</p>
<p>Note 3: SNR corresponds to SNR of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 as defined in 4.4.2</p>
<p>Note 4: CORESETs from TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 should not be overlapped</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[2\] clause
5.3.2.1.5.

##### 5.3.2.1.5.4 Test description {#test-description-110 .H6}

##### 5.3.2.1.5.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-99 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDCCH before measurement are specified in Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.3-1, Table 5.3.2.1-1 and Table 5.3.2.1.5.3-1 and as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
Release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.3.2.1.5.4.3.

##### 5.3.2.1.5.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-99 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDCCH with DCI format as specified in PDCCH Reference
Channel for C\_RNTI to transmit the DL RMC according to Table
5.3.2.1.5.3-1. The details of PDCCH are specified in Table 5.3.1, Table
5.3.2.1-1, Table 5.3.2.1.5.3-1 respectively. The details of PDSCH are
specified in Table A.3.3.1.1-3. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits
on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the propagation condition, antenna
configuration, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to Table
5.3.2.1.5.3-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the Pm-dsg for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the number of
NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL PUCCH during each subtest interval.
Pm-dsg is the ratio (statDTX)/(NACK+ACK+statDTX). If Pm-dsg is less than
the value specified in table 5.3.2.1.5.4.4-1, pass the UE. Otherwise
fail the UE.

##### 5.3.2.1.5.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-95 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.3.2.1.5.4.3.1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-76 .H6}

Table 5.3.2.1.5.4.3.1-1: PDCCH-ControlResourceSet

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-6                                                                                                                 
  ----------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark                                         Comment                                                  Condition
  ControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                   
  frequencyDomainResources                              11110000 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000   CORESET to use the least significant 24 RBs of the BWP   
  Duration                                              1                                                    SearchSpace duration of 1 symbol                         
  }                                                                                                                                                                   

Table 5.3.2.1.5.4.3.1-2: PDCCH *Search Space*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7                            
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                     
  nrofCandidates SEQUENCE {                                                      
  aggregationLevel2                                     n0                       
  }                                                                              

Table 5.3.2.1.5.4.3.1-3: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                                       
  ------------------------------------------------------ ------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark              Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                
  resourceAllocation                                     resourceAllocationType1             
  }                                                                                          

Table 5.3.2.1.5.4.3.1-4: *CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset* for TRS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-10                                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                        Condition
  CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset ::= CHOICE {                                                        
  Slots40                                                10             For CSI-RS resources 1,2,5,6   
  Slots40                                                11             For CSI-RS resources 3,4,7,8   
  }                                                                                                    

##### 5.3.2.1.5.4.3.2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-70 .H6}

Same as 5.3.2.1.5.4.3.1

##### 5.3.2.1.5.4.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-103 .H6}

Table 5.3.2.1.5.4.4-1 defines the primary level settings.

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3-1 the average probability of a
missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the specified
value in Table 5.3.2.1.5.4.4-1.

Table 5.3.2.1.5.4.4-1: Test Requirements for PDCCH with 15kHz SCS (Note
2)

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Test num.</th>
<th>Bandwidth(MHz)</th>
<th>CORESET RB (Note 4)</th>
<th>CORESET duration</th>
<th>Aggregation level</th>
<th>Reference Channel</th>
<th>Propagation Condition (Note 1)</th>
<th>Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix</th>
<th>Reference value</th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><p>Pm-dsg</p>
<p>(%)</p></td>
<td>SNR (dB) (Note 3)</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>1-1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>R.PDCCH. 1-2.1 FDD</td>
<td>TDLA30-10</td>
<td>2x2, ULA Low</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>3.6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The propagation conditions apply to each of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 and are statistically independent.</p>
<p>Note 2: Bandwidth, CORESET parameters, reference channel, Correlation matrix and antenna configuration parameters apply to each of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2.</p>
<p>Note 3: SNR corresponds to SNR of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 as defined in 4.4.2</p>
<p>Note 4: CORESETs from TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 should not be overlapped</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

##### 5.3.2.1.7 2RX FDD FR1 PDCCH antenna performance for 3 MHz channel bandwidth

Editor's note: This test case is incomplete. The following aspect is
either missing or FFS:

\- Message exceptions is FFS.

##### 5.3.2.1.7.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-111 .H6}

This test verifies the demodulation performance of PDCCH under 2 receive
antenna conditions and with a given SNR for which the average
probability of miss-detection of the Downlink Scheduling Grant (Pm-dsg),
shall be below the specified value in Table 5.3.2.1.7.3-1. The downlink
physical setup is in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

##### 5.3.2.1.7.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-111 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 18 and forward
supporting less than 5 MHz bandwidth.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 18 and forward
supporting EN-DC and supporting less than 5 MHz bandwidth.

##### 5.3.2.1.7.3 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-94 .H6}

During the test the UE shall be configured to monitor CORESET\#0 with
*searchSpaceType=common* using *DCI Format* *1-0*.

The parameters specified in Table 5.3.2.1.7.3-1 are valid for FDD test
in this clause unless otherwise stated.

Table 5.3.2.1.7.3-1: Test Parameters

  Parameter                                                                                           Unit         1 Tx Antenna     
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------ ---------------- ------------
  Frequency domain resource allocation for PDCCH                                                      Start        RB Index         8
                                                                                                      Length       RBs              7 (Note 1)
                                                                                                      Allocation                    Contiguous
  CCE to REG mapping type                                                                                          nonInterleaved   
  REG bundle size                                                                                                  6                
  Shift Index                                                                                                      NA               
  Note 1: The last PDCCH RB that is out of CORESET0, i.e. RB\#15, is punctured and not transmitted.                                 

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3.2.1.7.3-1, the average
probability of a missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be
below the specified value in Table 5.3.2.1.7.3-2. The downlink physical
setup is in accordance with Annex C.3.1.

Table 5.3.2.1.7.3-2: Minimum performance for 3 MHz CBW

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET0 RB   CORESET0 duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel    Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------- ------------------- ------------------- -------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                    Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1-1           3                 15            3                   4                   R.PDCCH. 1-3.1 FDD   TDLA30-10               1x2 Low                                        1                 7.2

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[2\] clause
5.3.2.1.7.

##### 5.3.2.1.7.4 Test description {#test-description-111 .H6}

##### 5.3.2.1.7.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-100 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDCCH before measurement are specified in Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D:

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A in Figure A.3.1.7.2 for
TE diagram and clause A.3.2.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.3-1 and Table 5.3.2.1.7-1 and as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
Release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.2.2.1.1.4.3.

##### 5.3.2.1.7.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-100 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDCCH with DCI format as specified in PDCCH Reference
Channel for C\_RNTI to transmit the DL RMC according to Table
5.3.2.1.7.3-1. The details of PDCCH are specified in Table 5.3.1, Table
5.3.2.1-1, Table 5.3.2.1.7.3-1 respectively. The details of PDSCH are
specified in Table A.3.3.1.1-3. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits
on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the propagation condition, antenna
configuration, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to Table
5.3.2.1.7.4.4-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the Pm-dsg for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the number of
NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL PUCCH during each subtest interval.
Pm-dsg is the ratio (statDTX)/(NACK+ACK+statDTX). If Pm-dsg is less than
the value specified in table 5.3.2.1.7.4.4-1, pass the UE. Otherwise
fail the UE.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Table 5.3.2.1.7.4.4-1
as appropriate.

##### 5.3.2.1.7.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-96 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.3.2.1.7.4.3.1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-77 .H6}

FFS

##### 5.3.2.1.7.4.3.2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-71 .H6}

Same as 5.3.2.1.7.4.3.1

##### 5.3.2.1.7.4.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-104 .H6}

Table 5.3.2.1.7.4.4-1 defines the primary level settings.

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3-1 the average probability of a
missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the specified
value in Table 5.3.2.1.7.4.4-1.

Table 5.3.2.1.7.4.4-1: Test Requirement for 3 MHz CBW

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET0 RB   CORESET0 duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel    Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------- ------------------- ------------------- -------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                    Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1-1           3                 15            3                   4                   R.PDCCH. 1-3.1 FDD   TDLA30-10               1x2 Low                                        1                 8.1

#### 5.3.2.2 TDD

The parameters specified in Table 5.3.2.2-1 are valid for all TDD tests
unless otherwise stated.

Table 5.3.2.2-1: Test Parameters

+-------------------+------+-------------------+-------------------+
| Parameter         | Unit | 1 Tx Antenna      | 2 Tx Antenna      |
+-------------------+------+-------------------+-------------------+
| TDD UL-DL pattern |      | FR1.30-1          |                   |
+-------------------+------+-------------------+-------------------+
| CCE to REG        |      | Test 3:           | interleaved       |
| mapping type      |      | non-interleaved   |                   |
|                   |      |                   |                   |
|                   |      | Other tests:      |                   |
|                   |      | interleaved       |                   |
+-------------------+------+-------------------+-------------------+
| Interleaver size  |      | 3                 |                   |
+-------------------+------+-------------------+-------------------+
| REG bundle size   |      | Test 3: 6         | Test 1 in Table   |
|                   |      |                   | 5.3.2.2.2.3-1: 6  |
|                   |      | Other tests: 2    |                   |
|                   |      |                   | Other tests: 2    |
+-------------------+------+-------------------+-------------------+
| Shift Index       |      | 0                 |                   |
+-------------------+------+-------------------+-------------------+

##### 5.3.2.2.1 2Rx TDD FR1 PDCCH 1 Tx antenna performance for both SA and NSA

##### 5.3.2.2.1.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-112 .H6}

This test verifies the demodulation performance of PDCCH under 2 receive
antenna conditions and with a given SNR for which the average
probability of miss-detection of the Downlink Scheduling Grant (Pm-dsg),
shall be below the specified value in Table 5.3.2.2.1.3-1. The downlink
physical setup is in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

##### 5.3.2.2.1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-112 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC.

##### 5.3.2.2.1.3 Minimum conformance requirements  {#minimum-conformance-requirements-95 .H6}

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3.2.2-1, the average probability
of a missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the
specified value in Table 5.3.2.2.1.3-1. The downlink physical setup is
in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

Table 5.3.2.2.1.3-1: Minimum performance for PDCCH with 30 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel   Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                 Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1-1           40                102          1                  2                   R.PDCCH.2-1.1 TDD   TDLA30-10               1x2 Low                                        1                 7.0
  1-2           40                102          1                  4                   R.PDCCH.2-1.2 TDD   TDLC300- 100            1x2 Low                                        1                 3.0
  1-3           40                48           2                  16                  R.PDCCH.2-2.1 TDD   TDLC300- 100            1x2 Low                                        1                 -3.8

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\] clause
5.3.2.2.

##### 5.3.2.2.1.4 Test description {#test-description-112 .H6}

##### 5.3.2.2.1.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-101 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-2 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise sources to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.2
for TE diagram and section A.3.2.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.3-1, Table 5.3.2.2-1 and Table 5.3.2.2.1.3-1 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
Release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.3.2.2.1.4.3.

##### 5.3.2.2.1.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-101 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH with DCI format as specified in PDCCH
Reference Channel for C\_RNTI to transmit the DL RMC according to Table
5.3.2.2.1.3-1. The details of PDCCH are specified in Table 5.3-1, Table
5.3.2.2-1 and Table 5.3.2.2.1.3-1 respectively. The details of PDSCH are
specified in Table A.3.3.2.2-3. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits
on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the propagation condition, antenna
configuration, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to Table
5.3.2.2.1.5-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the Pm-dsg for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the number of
NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL PUCCH during each subtest interval.
Pm-dsg is the ratio (statDTX)/(NACK+ACK+statDTX). If Pm-dsg is less than
the value specified in table 5.3.2.2.1.5-1, pass the UE. Otherwise fail
the UE.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Table 5.3.2.2.1.5-1 as
appropriate.

##### 5.3.2.2.1.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-97 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.3.2.2.1.4.3.1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-78 .H6}

Table 5.3.2.2.1.4.3.1-1: PDCCH-ControlResourceSet

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-6 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Con             |                 |                 |           |
| trolResourceSet |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| frequency       | 11111111        | CORESET to use  |           |
| DomainResources | 00000000        | the least       |           |
|                 | 00000000        | significant 48  |           |
|                 | 00000000        | RBs of the BWP  |           |
|                 | 00000000 00000  |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test 3          |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
|                 | 11111111        | CORESET to use  |           |
|                 | 11111111        | the least       |           |
|                 | 10000000        | significant 102 |           |
|                 | 00000000        | RBs of the BWP  |           |
|                 | 00000000 00000  |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test 1, 2       |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Duration        | 2               | SearchSpace     |           |
|                 |                 | duration of 2   |           |
|                 |                 | symbols         |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test 3          |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
|                 | 1               | SearchSpace     |           |
|                 |                 | duration of 1   |           |
|                 |                 | symbol          |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test 1, 2       |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| cce-            |                 |                 |           |
| REG-MappingType |                 |                 |           |
| CHOICE {        |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Interleaved     | Null            |                 | Test 1,   |
| SEQUENCE {      |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 |                 | Test 2    |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| reg-BundleSize  | n2              |                 | 1 Tx      |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| interleaverSize | n3              |                 | TDD       |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| nonInterleaved  | null            |                 | Test 3    |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.3.2.2.1.4.3.1-2: PDCCH *Search Space*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7 with condition USS                                                            
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------- ----------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                      Value/remark         Comment                             Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                        
  nrofCandidates SEQUENCE {                                                                                                         
  aggregationLevel2                                                        n1                   AL2                                 Test 1
  aggregationLevel4                                                        n1                   AL4                                 Test 2
  aggregationLevel16                                                       n1                   AL16                                Test 3
  }                                                                                                                                 
  }                                                                                                                                 
  searchSpaceType CHOICE {                                                                                                          
  common SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                 CSS, SISS
  ue-Specific SEQUENCE {                                                                                                            USS
  dci-Formats                                                              formats0-1-And-1-1   DCI Format 1\_1 for test 2          Long\_DCI
                                                                           formats0-0-And-1-0   DCI Format 1\_0 for tests 1 and 3   
  }                                                                                                                                 
  }                                                                                                                                 
  }                                                                                                                                 

Table 5.3.2.2.1.4.3.1-3: Void

Table 5.3.2.2.1.4.3.1-3A: *PDSCH-Config*

+----------------------+----------------------+---------+-----------+
| Derivation Path: TS  |                      |         |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\],      |                      |         |           |
| Table 5.4.2.2-3      |                      |         |           |
+======================+======================+=========+===========+
| Information Element  | Value/remark         | Comment | Condition |
+----------------------+----------------------+---------+-----------+
| PDSCH-Config ::=     |                      |         |           |
| SEQUENCE {           |                      |         |           |
+----------------------+----------------------+---------+-----------+
| resourceAllocation   | res                  |         | Test 1,   |
|                      | ourceAllocationType1 |         |           |
|                      |                      |         | Test 3    |
+----------------------+----------------------+---------+-----------+
| }                    |                      |         |           |
+----------------------+----------------------+---------+-----------+

##### 5.3.2.2.1.4.3.2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-72 .H6}

Same as 5.3.2.2.1.4.3.1.

##### 5.3.2.2.1.5 Test requirement {#test-requirement-105 .H6}

Table 5.3.2.2.1.5-1 defines the primary level settings.

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3-1 the average probability of a
missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the specified
value in Table 5.3.2.2.1.5-1.

Table 5.3.2.2.1.5-1: Test Requirement for 1Tx PDCCH with 30 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel   Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                 Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1-1           40                102          1                  2                   R.PDCCH.2-1.1 TDD   TDLA30-10               1x2 Low                                        1                 7.9
  1-2           40                102          1                  4                   R.PDCCH.2-1.2 TDD   TDLC300- 100            1x2 Low                                        1                 3.9
  1-3           40                48           2                  16                  R.PDCCH.2-2.1 TDD   TDLC300- 100            1x2 Low                                        1                 -2.9

##### 5.3.2.2.2 2Rx TDD FR1 PDCCH 2 Tx antenna performance for both SA and NSA

##### 5.3.2.2.2.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-113 .H6}

This test verifies the demodulation performance of PDCCH under 2 receive
antenna conditions and with a given SNR for which the average
probability of miss-detection of the Downlink Scheduling Grant (Pm-dsg),
shall be below the specified value in Table 5.3.2.2.2.3-1. The downlink
physical setup is in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

##### 5.3.2.2.2.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-113 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC.

##### 5.3.2.2.2.3 Minimum conformance requirements  {#minimum-conformance-requirements-96 .H6}

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3.2.2-1, the average probability
of a missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the
specified value in Table 5.3.2.2.2.3-1. The downlink physical setup is
in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

Table 5.3.2.2.2.3-1: Minimum performance for PDCCH with 30 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel   Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                 Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1-1           40                90           1                  8                   R.PDCCH.2-1.3 TDD   TDLC300-100             2x2 Low                                        1                 -1.2

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\] clause
5.3.2.2.

##### 5.3.2.2.2.4 Test description {#test-description-113 .H6}

##### 5.3.2.2.2.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-102 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-2 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise sources to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and section A.3.2.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.3-1, Table 5.3.2.2-1 and Table 5.3.2.2.2.3-1 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
Release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.3.2.2.2.4.3.

##### 5.3.2.2.2.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-102 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH with DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to
transmit the DL RMC according to Table 5.3.2.2.2.3-1. The details of
PDCCH are specified in Table 5.3-1, Table 5.3.2.2-1 and Table
5.3.2.2.2.3-1 respectively. The details of PDSCH are specified in Table
A.3.3.2.2-3. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the propagation condition, antenna
configuration, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to Table
5.3.2.2.2.5-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the Pm-dsg for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the number of
NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL PUCCH during each subtest interval.
Pm-dsg is the ratio (statDTX)/(NACK+ACK+statDTX). If Pm-dsg is less than
the value specified in table 5.3.2.2.2.5-1, pass the UE. Otherwise fail
the UE.

##### 5.3.2.2.2.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-98 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.3.2.2.2.4.3.1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-79 .H6}

Table 5.3.2.2.2.4.3.1-1: PDCCH-ControlResourceSet

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-6 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Con             |                 |                 |           |
| trolResourceSet |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| frequency       | 11111111        | CORESET to use  |           |
| DomainResources | 11111110        | the least       |           |
|                 | 00000000        | significant 90  |           |
|                 | 00000000        | RBs of the BWP  |           |
|                 | 00000000 00000  |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test 1          |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Duration        | 1               | SearchSpace     |           |
|                 |                 | duration of 1   |           |
|                 |                 | symbols         |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test 1          |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| cce-            |                 |                 |           |
| REG-MappingType |                 |                 |           |
| CHOICE {        |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Interleaved     | Null            |                 |           |
| SEQUENCE {      |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| reg-BundleSize  | n6              |                 | 2 Tx      |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| interleaverSize | n3              |                 | TDD       |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.3.2.2.2.4.3.1-2: PDCCH *Search Space*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7 with condition USS                            
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                      Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                        
  nrofCandidates SEQUENCE {                                                                         
  aggregationLevel8                                                        n1             AL8       Test 1
  }                                                                                                 
  }                                                                                                 

Table 5.3.2.2.2.4.3.1-3: Void

##### 5.3.2.2.2.4.3.2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-73 .H6}

Same as 5.3.2.2.2.4.3.1.

##### 5.3.2.2.2.5 Test requirement {#test-requirement-106 .H6}

Table 5.3.2.2.2.5-1 defines the primary level settings.

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3-1 the average probability of a
missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the specified
value in Table 5.3.2.2.2.5-1.

Table 5.3.2.2.2.5-1: Test Requirement for 2Tx PDCCH with 30 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel   Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                 Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1-1           40                90           1                  8                   R.PDCCH.2-1.3 TDD   TDLC300-100             2x2 Low                                        1                 -0.2

##### 5.3.2.2.3 2Rx TDD FR1 PDCCH 1 Tx antenna performance for power saving

##### 5.3.2.2.3.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-114 .H6}

This test verifies the demodulation performance of *DCI format 2\_6*
PDCCH under 2 receive antenna conditions and with a given SNR for which
the average probability of miss-detection of the Downlink Scheduling
Grant (Pm-dsg), shall be below the specified value in Table
5.3.2.2.3.3-2 after receipt wake-up indication in the *DCI format 2\_6*
PDCCH in DRX off state. The downlink physical setup is in accordance
with Annex C.2.1.

##### 5.3.2.2.3.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-114 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward
supporting Long DRX Cycle and DRX adaptation.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 16 and forward
supporting EN-DC and Long DRX Cycle and DRX adaptation.

##### 5.3.2.2.3.3 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-97 .H6}

During the test the UE shall monitor the *DCI format 2\_6* PDCCH in DRX
off state and decide whether to receive the following PDCCH in DRX on
period.

The parameters specified in Table 5.3.2.2.3.3-1 are valid for all TDD
tests for power saving unless otherwise stated.

Table 5.3.2.2.3.3-1: Test Parameters

+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
| Parameter      | Unit           | 1 Tx Antenna |                |
+================+================+==============+================+
| TDD UL-DL      |                | FR1.30-1     |                |
| pattern        |                |              |                |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
| CCE to REG     |                | interleaved  |                |
| mapping type   |                |              |                |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
| Interleaver    |                | 3            |                |
| size           |                |              |                |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
| REG bundle     |                | 2            |                |
| size           |                |              |                |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
| Shift Index    |                | 0            |                |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
| DRX cycle      | ms             | 10           |                |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
| ps-WakeUp-r16  |                | absent       |                |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
| Wake-up        |                | 1            |                |
| indication bit |                |              |                |
| in DCI format  |                |              |                |
| 2\_6           |                |              |                |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
| PDCCH DCI      | PS-offset      |              | (T~minimu      |
| format 2\_6    |                |              | mTimeGap~+1)/$ |
| configuration  |                |              | 2^{\mu}$/0.125 |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
|                | Number of      |              | 1              |
|                | PDCCH          |              |                |
|                | candidates     |              |                |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
|                | Frequency      |              | Start from RB  |
|                | domain         |              | = 0 with       |
|                | resource       |              | contiguous RB  |
|                | allocation for |              | allocation     |
|                | CORESET        |              |                |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
|                | TCI state      |              | TCI state \#1  |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
| PDCCH          | Slots for      |              | Each slot      |
| configuration  | PDCCH          |              | during DRX-on  |
|                | monitoring     |              | period         |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+
|   ----         |                |              |                |
| -------------- |                |              |                |
| -------------- |                |              |                |
| -------------- |                |              |                |
| -------------- |                |              |                |
| -------------- |                |              |                |
| -------------- |                |              |                |
|   No           |                |              |                |
| te: T~minimumT |                |              |                |
| imeGap­~ is si |                |              |                |
| gnalled as a p |                |              |                |
| art of *drx-Ad |                |              |                |
| aptation-r16*  |                |              |                |
| UE capability. |                |              |                |
|   ----         |                |              |                |
| -------------- |                |              |                |
| -------------- |                |              |                |
| -------------- |                |              |                |
| -------------- |                |              |                |
| -------------- |                |              |                |
| -------------- |                |              |                |
+----------------+----------------+--------------+----------------+

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3.2.2.3.3-1, the average
probability of a missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) observed on
PDCCH during DRX on shall be below the specified value in Table
5.3.2.2.3.3-2. The downlink physical setup is in accordance with Annex
C.3.1.

Table 5.3.2.2.3.3-2: Minimum performance for PDCCH with 30 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel    Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- -------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                  Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1-1           40                102          1                  4                   R.PDCCH. 2-1.2 TDD   TDLC300- 100            1x2 Low                                        1                 3.0
                                                                  8                   R.PDCCH. 2-1.4 TDD                                                                                            

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\] clause
5.3.2.2.

##### 5.3.2.2.3.4 Test description {#test-description-114 .H6}

##### 5.3.2.2.3.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-103 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-2 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of DRX, DCP, PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are
specified in 5.3.2.2.3.4.3.1and Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise sources to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.2
for TE diagram and section A.3.2.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.3-1, Table 5.3.2.2-1 and Table 5.3.2.2.3.3-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
Release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.3.2.2.3.4.3.

##### 5.3.2.2.3.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-103 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDCCH with DCI format2\_6 as specified in PDCCH
Reference Channel for PS\_RNTI within DRX off state. The Wake-up
indication bit in PDCCH is set to 1.

2\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH with DCI format1\_1 as specified in
PDCCH Reference Channel for C\_RNTI to transmit the DL RMC according to
Table 5.3.2.2.3.3-2 in DRX on period. The details of PDCCH are specified
in Table 5.3-1, Table 5.3.2.2-1 and Table 5.3.2.2.3.3-2 respectively.
The details of PDSCH are specified in Table A.3.3.2.2-3. The SS sends
downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

3\. Set the parameters of the propagation condition, antenna
configuration, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to Table
5.3.2.2.3.5-1 as appropriate.

4\. Measure the Pm-dsg for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the number of
NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL PUCCH during each subtest interval.
Pm-dsg is the ratio (statDTX)/(NACK+ACK+statDTX). If Pm-dsg is less than
the value specified in table 5.3.2.2.3.5-1, pass the UE. Otherwise fail
the UE.

5\. Repeat steps from 2 to 4 for each subtest in Table 5.3.2.2.3.3-2 as
appropriate.

##### 5.3.2.2.3.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-99 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.3.2.2.3.4.3.1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-80 .H6}

Table 5.3.2.2.3.4.3.1-1: DRX-Config

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\],Table 4.6.3-56                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  DRX-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                    
  drx-onDurationTimer CHOICE {                                                 
  milliSeconds                                        ms5                      
  }                                                                            
  drx-InactivityTimer                                 ms0                      
  drx-HARQ-RTT-TimerDL                                0                        
  drx-HARQ-RTT-TimerUL                                0                        
  drx-RetransmissionTimerDL                           sl1                      
  drx-RetransmissionTimerUL                           sl1                      
  drx-LongCycleStartOffset CHOICE {                                            
  ms10                                                0                        
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            

Table 5.3.2.2.3.4.3.1-2: DCP-Config

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-106                            
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- ---------------------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  dcp-Config-r16 CHOICE {                                                        
  setup SEQUENCE {                                                               
  ps-Offset-r16                                         28                       Scs-30kHz-r16 = sl6
  sizeDCI-2-6-r16                                       2                        
  ps-PositionDCI-2-6-r16                                0                        
  }                                                                              
  }                                                                              

Table 5.3.2.2.3.4.3.1-3: PDCCH-Config

+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| Derivation Path: TS  |                    |         |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\],Table |                    |         |           |
| 4.6.3-95             |                    |         |           |
+======================+====================+=========+===========+
| Information Element  | Value/remark       | Comment | Condition |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| PDCCH-Config::=      |                    |         |           |
| SEQUENCE {           |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| controlRes           | 1 entry            |         |           |
| ourceSetToAddModList |                    |         |           |
| SE                   |                    |         |           |
| QUENCE(SEQUENCE(SIZE |                    |         |           |
| (1..3)) OF           |                    |         |           |
| ControlResourceSet   |                    |         |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {       |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| Con                  | ControlResourceSet |         |           |
| trolResourceSet\[1\] |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| }                    |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| sear                 | 2 entries          |         |           |
| chSpacesToAddModList |                    |         |           |
|                      |                    |         |           |
| SEQUENCE(SIZE        |                    |         |           |
| (1..10)) OF          |                    |         |           |
| SearchSpace ::=      |                    |         |           |
| SEQUENCE {           |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| SearchSpace\[1\]     | SearchSpace1       |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| SearchSpace\[2\]     | SearchSpace2       |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| }                    |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| searchSpace          | 2 entries          |         |           |
| sToAddModListExt-r16 |                    |         |           |
| SEQUENCE(SIZE        |                    |         |           |
| (1..10)) OF          |                    |         |           |
| SearchSpace {        |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| sea                  | SearchSpaceExt1    |         |           |
| rchSpaceExt-r16\[1\] |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| sea                  | SearchSpaceExt2    |         |           |
| rchSpaceExt-r16\[2\] |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| }                    |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| }                    |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+

Table 5.3.2.2.3.4.3.1-4: PDCCH-ControlResourceSet1

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-6                                                                                                                  
  ----------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark                                         Comment                                                   Condition
  ControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                    
  controlResourceSetId                                  1                                                                                                              
  frequencyDomainResources                              11111111 11111111 10000000 00000000 00000000 00000   CORESET to use the least significant 102 RBs of the BWP   
  Duration                                              1                                                    SearchSpace duration of 1 symbol                          
  cce-REG-MappingType CHOICE {                                                                                                                                         
  Interleaved SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                               
  reg-BundleSize                                        n2                                                                                                             1 Tx
  interleaverSize                                       n3                                                                                                             TDD
  }                                                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                                    

Table 5.3.2.2.3.4.3.1-5: Void

Table 5.3.2.2.3.4.3.1-6: PDCCH *Search Space1*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7                                                           
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------------- ---------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark         Comment                            Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                    
  searchSpaceId                                         2                    SearchSpaceId with condition USS   USS
  controlResourceSetId                                  1                    ControlResourceSetId               
  monitoringSlotPeriodicityAndOffset CHOICE {                                                                   
  sl1                                                   NULL                                                    
  }                                                                                                             
  nrofCandidates SEQUENCE {                                                                                     
  aggregationLevel4                                     n1                   Test AL4                           
  aggregationLevel8                                     n1                   Test AL8                           
  }                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                             
  searchSpaceType CHOICE {                                                                                      
  ue-Specific SEQUENCE {                                                                                        USS
  dci-Formats                                           formats0-1-And-1-1   DCI Format 1\_1                    Long\_DCI
  }                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                             

Table 5.3.2.2.3.4.3.1-6A: PDCCH *Search Space2*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7                                         
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- ---------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment                Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                  
  searchSpaceId                                         4                                     
  controlResourceSetId                                  1              ControlResourceSetId   
  monitoringSlotPeriodicityAndOffset CHOICE {                                                 
  sl1                                                   NULL                                  
  }                                                                                           
  nrofCandidates SEQUENCE {                                                                   
  aggregationLevel4                                     n1             Test AL4               
  aggregationLevel8                                     n1             Test AL8               
  }                                                                                           
  }                                                                                           
  searchSpaceType CHOICE {                                                                    
  common SEQUENCE {                                                                           CSS, SISS
  }                                                                                           
  }                                                                                           
  }                                                                                           

Table 5.3.2.2.3.4.3.1-7: PDCCH *Search Space Ext1*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7a                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SearchSpaceExt-r16 ::= SEQUENCE {                                               
  controlResourceSetId-r16                               1                        
  }                                                                               

Table 5.3.2.2.3.4.3.1-7A: PDCCH *Search Space Ext2*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7a                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SearchSpaceExt-r16 ::= SEQUENCE {                                               
  controlResourceSetId-r16                               1                        
  searchSpaceType-r16 SEQUENCE {                                                  
  common SEQUENCE {                                                               
  dci-Format2-6-r16 SEQUENCE {                           NULL                     
  }                                                                               
  }                                                                               
  }                                                                               
  }                                                                               

Table 5.3.2.2.3.4.3.1-8: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ --------------- ------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark    Comment                  Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                     
  TCI-State\[1\]                                         TCI-StateId 0                            
  qcl-type1 {                                                            Type 1 QCL information   
  Cell                                                   ServCellIndex                            
  Bwp-id                                                 1               BWP ID                   
  referenceSignal                                        Ssb : 0         SSB \# 0                 
  Qcl-Type                                               Type C                                   
  }                                                                                               
  qcl-type2 {                                                            Type 2 QCL information   
  Cell                                                   ServCellIndex                            
  Bwp-id                                                 1               BWP ID                   
  referenceSignal                                        Ssb : 0         SSB \# 0                 
  Qcl-Type                                               Type D                                   
  }                                                                                               
  TCI-State\[2\]                                         TCI-StateId 1   Type 1 QCL information   
  qcl-type1 {                                                                                     
  Cell                                                   ServCellIndex                            
  Bwp-id                                                 1               BWP ID                   
  referenceSignal                                        csi-rs : 0      CSI-RS \# 0              
  Qcl-Type                                               Type A                                   
  }                                                                                               
  qcl-type2 {                                                            Type 2 QCL information   
  Cell                                                   ServCellIndex                            
  Bwp-id                                                 1               BWP ID                   
  referenceSignal                                        csi-rs : 0      SSB \# 0                 
  Qcl-Type                                               Type D                                   
  }                                                                                               
  }                                                                                               
  }                                                                                               

##### 5.3.2.2.3.4.3.2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-74 .H6}

Same as 5.3.2.2.3.4.3.1.

##### 5.3.2.2.3.5 Test requirement {#test-requirement-107 .H6}

Table 5.3.2.2.3.5-1 defines the primary level settings.

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3-1 the average probability of a
missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the specified
value in Table 5.3.2.2.3.5-1.

Table 5.3.2.2.3.5-1: Test Requirements for PDCCH with 30 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel    Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- -------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                  Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1-1           40                102          1                  4                   R.PDCCH. 2-1.2 TDD   TDLC300- 100            1x2 Low                                        1                 3.9
                                                                  8                   R.PDCCH. 2-1.4 TDD                                                                                            

##### 5.3.2.2.4 2Rx TDD FR1 PDCCH performance for RedCap

##### 5.3.2.2.4.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-115 .H6}

This test verifies the demodulation performance of PDCCH under 1 receive
antenna conditions and with a given SNR for which the average
probability of miss-detection of the Downlink Scheduling Grant (Pm-dsg),
shall be below the specified value in Table 5.3.2.2.4.3-1. The downlink
physical setup is in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

##### 5.3.2.2.4.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-115 .H6}

This test case applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward that
support NR RedCap.

##### 5.3.2.2.4.3 Minimum conformance requirements  {#minimum-conformance-requirements-98 .H6}

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3.2.2-1, the average probability
of a missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the
specified value in Table 5.3.2.2.4.3-1. The downlink physical setup is
in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

Table 5.3.2.2.4.3-1: Minimum performance for PDCCH with 30 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel   Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                 Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1-1           20                48           1                  4                   R.PDCCH.2-1.5 TDD   TDLC300-100             1x2 Low                                        1                 3.6
  1-2           20                48           1                  8                   R.PDCCH.2-1.6 TDD   TDLC300-100             2x2 Low                                        1                 0.0

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[2\] clause
5.3.2.2.4.

##### 5.3.2.2.4.4 Test description {#test-description-115 .H6}

##### 5.3.2.2.4.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-104 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDCCH before measurement are specified in Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A in Figure A.3.1.7.1 for
TE diagram and clause A.3.2.3 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.3-1 and Table 5.3.2.2.4.5-1 and as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR, *Connected without Release On, Test Mode* On
according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.5. Message contents are defined
in clause 5.3.2.2.4.4.3

##### 5.3.2.2.4.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-104 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDCCH with DCI format as specified in PDCCH Reference
Channel for C\_RNTI to transmit the DL RMC according to Table
5.3.2.2.4.5-1. The details of PDCCH are specified in Table 5.3.1, Table
5.3.1.1-1, Table 5.3.2.2.4.5-1 respectively. The details of PDSCH are
specified in Table A.3.3.2.2-3. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits
on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the propagation condition, antenna
configuration, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to Table
5.3.2.2.4.5-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the Pm-dsg for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the number of
NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL PUCCH during each subtest interval.
Pm-dsg is the ratio (statDTX)/(NACK+ACK+statDTX). If Pm-dsg is less than
the value specified in table 5.3.2.2.4.5-1, pass the UE. Otherwise fail
the UE.

##### 5.3.2.2.4.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-100 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2 with the following exceptions:

Table 5.3.2.2.4.4.3-1: PDCCH-ControlResourceSet

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-6                                                                                                                 
  ----------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark                                         Comment                                                  Condition
  ControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                   
  frequencyDomainResources                              11111111 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000   CORESET to use the least significant 48 RBs of the BWP   
  Duration                                              1                                                    SearchSpace duration of 1 symbol                         
  cce-REG-MappingType CHOICE {                                                                                                                                        
  interleaved ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                          
  reg-BundleSize                                        n2                                                                                                            1 Tx, 2 Tx
  interleaverSize                                       n3                                                                                                            TDD
  shiftIndex                                            0                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                                                                                   

Table 5.3.2.2.4.4.3-2: PDCCH *Search Space*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7 with condition USS                                          
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------- ----------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                      Value/remark         Comment           Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                      
  nrofCandidates SEQUENCE {                                                                                       
  aggregationLevel4                                                        n1                   AL4               Test 1
  aggregationLevel8                                                        n1                   AL8               Test 2
  }                                                                                                               
  searchSpaceType CHOICE {                                                                                        
  ue-Specific SEQUENCE {                                                                                          USS
  dci-Formats                                                              formats0-1-And-1-1   DCI Format 1\_1   Long\_DCI
  }                                                                                                               
  }                                                                                                               
  }                                                                                                               

Table 5.3.2.2.4.4.3-3: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.2-3                                       
  ----------------------------------------------------- ------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark              Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                               
  resourceAllocation                                    resourceAllocationType0             
  }                                                                                         

##### 5.3.2.2.4.5 Test requirement {#test-requirement-108 .H6}

Table 5.3.2.2.4.5-1 defines the primary level settings.

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3-1 the average probability of a
missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the specified
value in Table 5.3.2.2.4.5-1.

Table 5.3.2.2.4.5-1: Test Requirement for PDCCH with 30 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel   Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                 Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1-1           20                48           1                  4                   R.PDCCH.2-1.5 TDD   TDLC300-100             1x2 Low                                        1                 4.4
  1-2           20                48           1                  8                   R.PDCCH.2-1.6 TDD   TDLC300-100             2x2 Low                                        1                 0.9

##### 5.3.2.2.5 2RX TDD Minimum requirements for PDCCH with intra-slot repetition

##### 5.3.2.2.5.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-116 .H6}

This test verifies the demodulation performance of PDCCH 2RX TDD Minimum
requirements for PDCCH with intra-slot repetition under 2 receive
antenna conditions and with a given SNR for which the average
probability of miss-detection of the Downlink Scheduling Grant (Pm-dsg),
shall be below the specified value in Table 5.3.2.2.5.3-1. The downlink
physical setup is in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

##### 5.3.2.2.5.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-116 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 17 and forward
supporting EN-DC.

##### 5.3.2.2.5.3 Minimum conformance requirements  {#minimum-conformance-requirements-99 .H6}

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3.2.2-1, the average probability
of a missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the
specified value in Table 5.3.2.2.5.3-1. The downlink physical setup is
in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

Table 5.3.2.2.5.3-1: Tests parameters

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        | Unit     | Value    |          |          |          |
| arameter |          |          |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          | TRxP     | TRxP     |          |          |
|          |          | \#1(Note | \#2(Note |          |          |
|          |          | 1)       | 1)       |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Transmit |          | TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |
| TRxP of  |          |          |          |          |          |
| SSB      |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDCCH    | TCI      |          | TCI      | TCI      |          |
| confi    | state    |          | State    | State    |          |
| guration |          |          | \#1      | \#2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CORESETP |          | 0,1      |          |          |
|          | oolIndex |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Re       |          | FDM      |          |          |
|          | petition |          |          |          |          |
|          | tran     |          |          |          |          |
|          | smission |          |          |          |          |
|          | schemes  |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CCE to   |          | nonInt   |          |          |
|          | REG      |          | erleaved |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | REG      |          | 6        |          |          |
|          | bundle   |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Time     |          | timing   |          |          |
|          | offset/F |          | offset = |          |          |
|          | requency |          | -0.25us, |          |          |
|          | offset   |          | f        |          |          |
|          | of the   |          | requency |          |          |
|          | second   |          | offset = |          |          |
|          | TxRP     |          | 300Hz    |          |          |
|          | from the |          |          |          |          |
|          | first    |          |          |          |          |
|          | TxRP     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | F        |          | F        |          |          |
|          | requency |          | requency |          |          |
|          | domain   |          | non-ove  |          |          |
|          | resource |          | rlapping |          |          |
|          | al       |          |          |          |          |
|          | location |          |          |          |          |
|          | for      |          |          |          |          |
|          | CORSET   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CSI-RS   | First    |          | k0=0 for | k0=1 for |          |
| for      | su       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
| tracking | bcarrier |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | index in |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | the PRB  |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | used for |          |          |          |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | First    |          | l0 = 6   | l0 = 6   |          |
|          | OFDM     |          | for      | for      |          |
|          | symbol   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | in the   |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | PRB used |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | for      |          | 1 and 3  | 5 and 7  |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | l0 = 10  | l0 = 10  |          |
|          |          |          | for      | for      |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 2 and 4  | 6 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1 for    | 1 for    |          |
|          | of       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          | resource | resource |          |
|          | ports    |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | (X)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CDM Type |          | 'No CDM' |          |          |
|          |          |          | for      |          |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   |          |          |
|          |          |          | resource |          |          |
|          |          |          | 1,2,3,4  |          |          |
|          |          |          | ,5,6,7,8 |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Density  |          | 3        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 40       |          |          |
|          | per      |          |          |          |          |
|          | iodicity |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 20 for   | 20 for   |          |
|          | offset   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 1 and 2  | 5 and 6  |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | 21 for   | 21 for   |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 3 and 4  | 7 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | QCL info |          | TCI      |          |          |
|          |          |          | state    |          |          |
|          |          |          | \#0      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | CSI-RS   | N/A      |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          | resource |          |
| \#1      | inf      |          |          | 1 from   |          |
|          | ormation |          |          | \'CSI-RS |          |
|          |          |          |          | for      |          |
|          |          |          |          | t        |          |
|          |          |          |          | racking' |          |
|          |          |          |          | confi    |          |
|          |          |          |          | guration |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | Type A   | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | CSI-RS   |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          |          | resource |
| \#2      | inf      |          |          |          | 5 from   |
|          | ormation |          |          |          | \'CSI-RS |
|          |          |          |          |          | for      |
|          |          |          |          |          | t        |
|          |          |          |          |          | racking' |
|          |          |          |          |          | confi    |
|          |          |          |          |          | guration |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | Type A   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note:    |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDCCH is |          |          |          |          |          |
| tra      |          |          |          |          |          |
| nsmitted |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| both     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |          |          |
| and TRxP |          |          |          |          |          |
| \#2      |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.3.2.2.5.3-2: Minimum performance for PDCCH with 30kHz SCS (Note
2)

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Test num.</th>
<th>Bandwidth(MHz)</th>
<th>CORESET RB (Note 4)</th>
<th>CORESET duration</th>
<th>Aggregation level</th>
<th>Reference Channel</th>
<th>Propagation Condition (Note 1)</th>
<th>Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix</th>
<th>Reference value</th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><p>Pm-dsg</p>
<p>(%)</p></td>
<td>SNR (dB) (Note 3)</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>1-1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>48</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>R.PDCCH. 2-2.2 TDD</td>
<td>TDLA30-10</td>
<td>2x2, ULA Low</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>3.5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The propagation conditions apply to each of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 and are statistically independent.</p>
<p>Note 2: Bandwidth, CORESET parameters, reference channel, Correlation matrix and antenna configuration parameters apply to each of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2.</p>
<p>Note 3: SNR corresponds to SNR of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 as defined in 4.4.2</p>
<p>Note 4: CORESETs from TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 should not be overlapped</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\] clause
5.3.2.2.

##### 5.3.2.2.5.4 Test description {#test-description-116 .H6}

##### 5.3.2.2.5.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-105 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-2 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise sources to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and section A.3.2.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.3-1, Table 5.3.2.2-1 and Table 5.3.2.2.5.3-1 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
Release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.3.2.2.5.4.3.

##### 5.3.2.2.5.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-105 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH with DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI to
transmit the DL RMC according to Table 5.3.2.2.5.3-1. The details of
PDCCH are specified in Table 5.3-1, Table 5.3.2.2-1 and Table
5.3.2.2.5.3-1 respectively. The details of PDSCH are specified in Table
A.3.3.2.2-3. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the propagation condition, antenna
configuration, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to Table
5.3.2.2.5.3-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the Pm-dsg for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the number of
NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL PUCCH during each subtest interval.
Pm-dsg is the ratio (statDTX)/(NACK+ACK+statDTX). If Pm-dsg is less than
the value specified in table 5.3.2.2.5.5-1, pass the UE. Otherwise fail
the UE.

##### 5.3.2.2.5.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-101 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.3.2.2.5.4.3.1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-81 .H6}

Table 5.3.2.2.5.4.3.1-1: PDCCH-ControlResourceSet

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-6                                                                                                                 
  ----------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark                                         Comment                                                  Condition
  ControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                   
  frequencyDomainResources                              11111111 11111110 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000   CORESET to use the least significant 48 RBs of the BWP   
  Duration                                              1                                                    SearchSpace duration of 1 symbol                         
  cce-REG-MappingType CHOICE {                                                                                                                                        
  Interleaved SEQUENCE {                                Null                                                                                                          
  reg-BundleSize                                        n2                                                                                                            2 Tx
  interleaverSize                                       n3                                                                                                            TDD
  }                                                                                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                                                                                   

Table 5.3.2.2.5.4.3.1-2: PDCCH *Search Space*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7 with condition USS                            
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                      Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                        
  nrofCandidates SEQUENCE {                                                                         
  aggregationLevel2                                                        n1             AL2       
  }                                                                                                 
  }                                                                                                 

Table 5.3.2.2.5.4.3.1-3: *CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset* for TRS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-10                                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                        Condition
  CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset ::= CHOICE {                                                        
  Slots40                                                10             For CSI-RS resources 1,2,5,6   
  Slots40                                                11             For CSI-RS resources 3,4,7,8   
  }                                                                                                    

##### 5.3.2.2.5.4.3.2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-75 .H6}

Same as 5.3.2.2.5.4.3.1.

##### 5.3.2.2.5.4.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-109 .H6}

Table 5.3.2.2.5.4.4-1 defines the primary level settings.

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3-1 the average probability of a
missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the specified
value in Table 5.3.2.2.5.4.4-1.

Table 5.3.2.2.5.4.4-1: Minimum performance for PDCCH with 30kHz SCS
(Note 2)

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Test num.</th>
<th>Bandwidth(MHz)</th>
<th>CORESET RB (Note 4)</th>
<th>CORESET duration</th>
<th>Aggregation level</th>
<th>Reference Channel</th>
<th>Propagation Condition (Note 1)</th>
<th>Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix</th>
<th>Reference value</th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><p>Pm-dsg</p>
<p>(%)</p></td>
<td>SNR (dB) (Note 3)</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>1-1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>48</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>R.PDCCH. 2-2.2 TDD</td>
<td>TDLA30-10</td>
<td>2x2, ULA Low</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>4.4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The propagation conditions apply to each of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 and are statistically independent.</p>
<p>Note 2: Bandwidth, CORESET parameters, reference channel, Correlation matrix and antenna configuration parameters apply to each of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2.</p>
<p>Note 3: SNR corresponds to SNR of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 as defined in 4.4.2</p>
<p>Note 4: CORESETs from TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 should not be overlapped</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### 5.3.3 4RX requirements

#### 5.3.3.1 FDD

The parameters specified in Table 5.3.3.1-1 are valid for all FDD tests
unless otherwise stated.

Table 5.3.3.1-1: Test Parameters

  Parameter                 Unit   1 Tx Antenna     2 Tx Antenna
  ------------------------- ------ ---------------- --------------
  CCE to REG mapping type          nonInterleaved   
  REG bundle size                  6                
  Shift index                      0                

##### 5.3.3.1.1 4Rx FDD FR1 PDCCH 1 Tx antenna performance for both SA and NSA

##### 5.3.3.1.1.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-117 .H6}

This test verifies the demodulation performance of PDCCH under 4 receive
antenna conditions and with a given SNR for which the average
probability of miss-detection of the Downlink Scheduling Grant (Pm-dsg),
shall be below the specified value in Table 5.3.3.1.1.3-1. The downlink
physical setup is in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

##### 5.3.3.1.1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-117 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward
supporting 4 Rx antenna ports.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC and 4 Rx antenna ports.

##### 5.3.3.1.1.3 Minimum conformance requirements  {#minimum-conformance-requirements-100 .H6}

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3.3.1-1, the average probability
of a missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the
specified value in Table 5.3.3.1.1.3-1. The downlink physical setup is
in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

Table 5.3.3.1.1.3-1: Minimum performance for PDCCH with 15 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel    Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- -------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                  Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1             10                24           2                  2                   R.PDCCH. 1-2.1 FDD   TDLA30-10               1x4 Low                                        1                 2.2
  2             10                24           2                  2                   R.PDCCH. 1-2.3 FDD   TDLC300- 100            1x4 Low                                        1                 2.7
  3             10                48           2                  4                   R.PDCCH. 1-2.4 FDD   TDLA30-10               1x4 Low                                        1                 0.2
  4             10                48           1                  4                   R.PDCCH.1-1.1 FDD    TDLA30-10               1x4 Low                                        1                 -0.4
  5             10                48           2                  16                  R.PDCCH. 1-2.6 FDD   TDLA30-10               1x4 Medium A                                   1                 -3.2

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\] clause
5.3.3.1.

##### 5.3.3.1.1.4 Test description {#test-description-117 .H6}

##### 5.3.3.1.1.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-106 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDCCH before measurement are specified in Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise sources to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.3
for TE diagram and section A.3.2.5 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.3-1, Table 5.3.3.1-1 and Table 5.3.3.1.1.3-1 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
Release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.3.3.1.1.4.3.

##### 5.3.3.1.1.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-106 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDCCH with DCI format as specified in PDCCH Reference
Channel for C\_RNTI to transmit the DL RMC according to Table
5.3.3.1.1.3-1. The details of PDCCH are specified in Table 5.3-1, Table
5.3.3.1-1 and Table 5.3.3.1.1.3-1 respectively. The details of PDSCH are
specified in Table A.3.3.1.1-3. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits
on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the propagation condition, antenna
configuration, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to Table
5.3.3.1.1.5-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the Pm-dsg for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the number of
NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL PUCCH during each subtest interval.
Pm-dsg is the ratio (statDTX)/(NACK+ACK+statDTX). If Pm-dsg is less than
the value specified in table 5.3.3.1.1.5-1, pass the UE. Otherwise fail
the UE.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Table 5.3.3.1.1.5-1 as
appropriate.

##### 5.3.3.1.1.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-102 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.3.3.1.1.4.3.1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-82 .H6}

Table 5.3.3.1.1.4.3.1-1: PDCCH-ControlResourceSet

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-6 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Con             |                 |                 |           |
| trolResourceSet |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| frequency       | 11111111        | CORESET to use  |           |
| DomainResources | 00000000        | the least       |           |
|                 | 00000000        | significant 48  |           |
|                 | 00000000        | RBs of the BWP  |           |
|                 | 00000000 00000  |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test 3, 4, 5    |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
|                 | 11110000        | CORESET to use  |           |
|                 | 00000000        | the least       |           |
|                 | 00000000        | significant 24  |           |
|                 | 00000000        | RBs of the BWP  |           |
|                 | 00000000 00000  |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test 1, 2       |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Duration        | 2               | SearchSpace     |           |
|                 |                 | duration of 2   |           |
|                 |                 | symbols         |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test 1, 2, 3, 5 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
|                 | 1               | SearchSpace     |           |
|                 |                 | duration of 1   |           |
|                 |                 | symbol          |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test 4          |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.3.3.1.1.4.3.1-2: PDCCH *Search Space*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7 with condition USS                                                            
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------- ----------------------------------- ----------------
  Information Element                                                      Value/remark         Comment                             Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                        
  nrofCandidates SEQUENCE {                                                                                                         
  aggregationLevel2                                                        n1                   AL2                                 Test 1, Test 2
  aggregationLevel4                                                        n1                   AL4                                 Test 3, Test 4
  aggregationLevel16                                                       n1                   AL16                                Test 5
  }                                                                                                                                 
  }                                                                                                                                 
  searchSpaceType CHOICE {                                                                                                          
  common SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                 CSS, SISS
  ue-Specific SEQUENCE {                                                                                                            USS
  dci-Formats                                                              formats0-1-And-1-1   DCI Format 1\_1 for tests 2 and 3   Long\_DCI
                                                                           formats0-0-And-1-0   DCI Format 1\_0 for tests 1, 4, 5   
  }                                                                                                                                 
  }                                                                                                                                 
  }                                                                                                                                 

Table 5.3.3.1.1.4.3.1-3: Void

Table 5.3.3.1.1.4.3.1-3A: *PDSCH-Config*

+----------------------+----------------------+---------+-----------+
| Derivation Path: TS  |                      |         |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\],      |                      |         |           |
| Table 5.4.2.2-3      |                      |         |           |
+======================+======================+=========+===========+
| Information Element  | Value/remark         | Comment | Condition |
+----------------------+----------------------+---------+-----------+
| PDSCH-Config ::=     |                      |         |           |
| SEQUENCE {           |                      |         |           |
+----------------------+----------------------+---------+-----------+
| resourceAllocation   | res                  |         | Test 1,   |
|                      | ourceAllocationType1 |         |           |
|                      |                      |         | Test 4,   |
|                      |                      |         |           |
|                      |                      |         | Test 5    |
+----------------------+----------------------+---------+-----------+
| }                    |                      |         |           |
+----------------------+----------------------+---------+-----------+

##### 5.3.3.1.1.4.3.2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-76 .H6}

Same as 5.3.3.1.1.4.3.1.

##### 5.3.3.1.1.5 Test requirement {#test-requirement-110 .H6}

Table 5.3.3.1.1.5-1 defines the primary level settings.

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3-1 the average probability of a
missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the specified
value in Table 5.3.3.1.1.5-1.

Table 5.3.3.1.1.5-1: Test Requirement for 1Tx PDCCH with 15 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel    Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- -------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                  Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1             10                24           2                  2                   R.PDCCH. 1-2.1 FDD   TDLA30-10               1x4 Low                                        1                 3.1
  2             10                24           2                  2                   R.PDCCH. 1-2.3 FDD   TDLC300- 100            1x4 Low                                        1                 3.6
  3             10                48           2                  4                   R.PDCCH. 1-2.4 FDD   TDLA30-10               1x4 Low                                        1                 1.1
  4             10                48           1                  4                   R.PDCCH.1-1.1 FDD    TDLA30-10               1x4 Low                                        1                 0.5
  5             10                48           2                  16                  R.PDCCH. 1-2.6 FDD   TDLA30-10               1x4 Medium A                                   1                 -2.3

##### 5.3.3.1.2 4Rx FDD FR1 PDCCH 2 Tx antenna performance for both SA and NSA

##### 5.3.3.1.2.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-118 .H6}

This test verifies the demodulation performance of PDCCH under 4 receive
antenna conditions and with a given SNR for which the average
probability of miss-detection of the Downlink Scheduling Grant (Pm-dsg),
shall be below the specified value in Table 5.3.3.1.2.3-1. The downlink
physical setup is in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

##### 5.3.3.1.2.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-118 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward
supporting 4 Rx antenna ports.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC and 4 Rx antenna ports.

##### 5.3.3.1.2.3 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-101 .H6}

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3.3.1-1, the average probability
of a missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the
specified value in Table 5.3.3.1.2.3-1. The downlink physical setup is
in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

Table 5.3.3.1.2.3-1: Minimum performance for PDCCH with 15 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel    Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- -------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                  Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1             10                24           2                  4                   R.PDCCH. 1-2.2 FDD   TDLC300-100             2x4 Low                                        1                 -1.9
  2             10                48           2                  8                   R.PDCCH. 1-2.5 FDD   TDLC300-100             2x4 Low                                        1                 -4.5
  3             10                48           1                  4                   R.PDCCH.1-1.2 FDD    TDLA30-10               2x4 Low                                        1                 -1.0

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\] clause
5.3.3.1.

##### 5.3.3.1.2.4 Test description {#test-description-118 .H6}

##### 5.3.3.1.2.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-107 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDCCH before measurement are specified in Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise sources to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.4
for TE diagram and section A.3.2.5 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.3-1, Table 5.3.3.1-1 and Table 5.3.3.1.2.3-1 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
Release On, Test Mode* On*)* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.3.3.1.2.4.3.

##### 5.3.3.1.2.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-107 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDCCH with DCI format as specified in PDCCH Reference
Channel for C\_RNTI to transmit the DL RMC according to Table
5.3.3.1.2.3-1. The details of PDCCH are specified in Table 5.3-1, Table
5.3.3.1-1 and Table 5.3.3.1.2.3-1 respectively. The details of PDSCH are
specified in Table A.3.3.1.1-3. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits
on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the propagation condition, antenna
configuration, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to Table
5.3.3.1.2.5-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the Pm-dsg for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the number of
NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL PUCCH during each subtest interval.
Pm-dsg is the ratio (statDTX)/(NACK+ACK+statDTX). If Pm-dsg is less than
the value specified in table 5.3.3.1.2.5-1, pass the UE. Otherwise fail
the UE.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Table 5.3.3.1.2.5-1 as
appropriate.

##### 5.3.3.1.2.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-103 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.3.3.1.2.4.3.1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-83 .H6}

Table 5.3.3.1.2.4.3.1-1: PDCCH-ControlResourceSet

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-6 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Con             |                 |                 |           |
| trolResourceSet |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| frequency       | 11111111        | CORESET to use  |           |
| DomainResources | 00000000        | the least       |           |
|                 | 00000000        | significant 48  |           |
|                 | 00000000        | RBs of the BWP  |           |
|                 | 00000000 00000  |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test 2, 3       |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
|                 | 11110000        | CORESET to use  |           |
|                 | 00000000        | the least       |           |
|                 | 00000000        | significant 24  |           |
|                 | 00000000        | RBs of the BWP  |           |
|                 | 00000000 00000  |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test 1          |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Duration        | 2               | SearchSpace     |           |
|                 |                 | duration of 2   |           |
|                 |                 | symbols         |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test 1, 2       |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
|                 | 1               | SearchSpace     |           |
|                 |                 | duration of 1   |           |
|                 |                 | symbol          |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test3           |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.3.3.1.2.4.3.1-2: PDCCH *Search Space*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7 **with condition USS**                                                            
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------- ----------------------------------- ----------------
  Information Element                                                          Value/remark         Comment                             Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                            
  nrofCandidates SEQUENCE {                                                                                                             
  aggregationLevel4                                                            n1                   AL4                                 Test 1, Test 3
  aggregationLevel8                                                            n1                   AL8                                 Test 2
  }                                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                                     
  searchSpaceType CHOICE {                                                                                                              
  common SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                     CSS, SISS
  ue-Specific SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                USS
  dci-Formats                                                                  formats0-1-And-1-1   DCI Format 1\_1 for tests 2 and 3   Long\_DCI
                                                                               formats0-0-And-1-0   DCI Format 1\_0 for test 1          
  }                                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                                     
  }                                                                                                                                     

Table 5.3.3.1.2.4.3.1-3: Void

Table 5.3.3.1.2.4.3.1-3A: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.2-3                                       
  ----------------------------------------------------- ------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark              Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                               
  resourceAllocation                                    resourceAllocationType1             Test 1
  }                                                                                         

##### 5.3.3.1.2.4.3.2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-77 .H6}

Same as 5.3.3.1.2.4.3.1.

##### 5.3.3.1.2.5 Test requirement {#test-requirement-111 .H6}

Table 5.3.3.1.2.5-1 defines the primary level settings.

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3-1 the average probability of a
missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the specified
value in Table 5.3.3.1.2.5-1.

Table 5.3.3.1.2.5-1: Test Requirement for 2Tx PDCCH with 15 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel    Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- -------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                  Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1             10                24           2                  4                   R.PDCCH. 1-2.2 FDD   TDLC300-100             2x4 Low                                        1                 -0.9
  2             10                48           2                  8                   R.PDCCH. 1-2.5 FDD   TDLC300-100             2x4 Low                                        1                 -3.5
  3             10                48           1                  4                   R.PDCCH.1-1.2 FDD    TDLA30-10               2x4 Low                                        1                 0

##### 5.3.3.1.3 4Rx FDD FR1 PDCCH 1 Tx antenna performance for power saving

##### 5.3.3.1.3.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-119 .H6}

This test verifies the demodulation performance of PDCCH under 4 receive
antenna conditions and with a given SNR for which the average
probability of miss-detection of the Downlink Scheduling Grant (Pm-dsg),
shall be below the specified value in Table 5.3.3.1.3.3-2. The downlink
physical setup is in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

##### 5.3.3.1.3.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-119 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward that
supporting 4 Rx antenna ports and DRX adaptation.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 16 and forward
that supporting EN-DC, 4 Rx antenna ports, Long DRX and DRX adaptation.

##### 5.3.3.1.3.3 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-102 .H6}

The parameters specified in Table 5.3.3.1.3.3-1 are valid for FDD test
unless otherwise stated.

Table 5.3.3.1.3.3-1: Test Parameters

  Parameter                                                                                Unit                                               1 Tx Antenna                     
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------- -----------------------------------------------------
  CCE to REG mapping type                                                                                                                     nonInterleaved                   
  REG bundle size                                                                                                                             6                                
  Shift Index                                                                                                                                 0                                
  DRX cycle                                                                                ms                                                 10                               
  ps-WakeUp-r16                                                                                                                               absent                           
  Wake-up indication bit in DCI format 2\_6                                                                                                   1                                
  PDCCH DCI format 2\_6 configuration                                                      PS-offset                                                                           $${(T}_{\text{minimumTimeGap}} + 1)/2^{\mu}/0.125$$
                                                                                           Number of PDCCH candidates                                                          1
                                                                                           Frequency domain resource allocation for CORESET                                    Start from RB = 0 with contiguous RB allocation
                                                                                           TCI state                                                                           TCI state \#1
  Slots for PDCCH monitoring                                                                                                                  Each slot during DRX-on period   
  Note: T~minimumTimeGap­~ is signalled as a part of *drx-Adaptation-r16* UE capability.                                                                                       

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3.3.1.3.3-1, the average
probability of a missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be
below the specified value in Table 5.3.3.1.3.3-2. The downlink physical
setup is in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

Table 5.3.3.1.3.3-2: Minimum performance for PDCCH with 15 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel    Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- -------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                  Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1             10                48           2                  4                   R.PDCCH. 1-2.4 FDD   TDLA30-10               1x4 Low                                        1                 0.2
                                               2                  8                   R.PDCCH. 1-2.7 FDD                                                                                            

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[2\] clause
5.3.3.1.3.

##### 5.3.3.1.3.4 Test description {#test-description-119 .H6}

##### 5.3.3.1.3.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-108 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDCCH before measurement are specified in Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.3-1, Table 5.3.3.1-1, Table 5.3.3.1.3.3-1 and Table 5.3.3.1.3.3-2 and
as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
Release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.3.3.1.3.4.3.

##### 5.3.3.1.3.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-108 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDCCH with DCI format2\_6 as specified in PDCCH
Reference Channel for PS\_RNTI within DRX off state. The Wake-up
indication bit in PDCCH is set to 1.

2\. SS transmits PDSCH with PDCCH with DCI format 1\_1 as specified in
PDCCH Reference Channel for C\_RNTI to transmit the DL RMC according to
Table 5.3.3.1.3.3-2 in DRX on period. The details of PDCCH are specified
in Table 5.3.1, Table 5.3.3.1-1, Table 5.3.3.1.3.3-1 and Table
5.3.3.1.3.3-2 respectively. The details of PDSCH are specified in Table
A.3.3.1.1-3. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.
During the test the UE shall monitor the DCI format 2\_6 PDCCH in DRX
off state and decide whether to receive the following PDCCH in DRX on
period.

3\. Set the parameters of the propagation condition, antenna
configuration, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to Table
5.3.3.1.3.4.4-1 as appropriate.

4\. Measure the Pm-dsg for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the number of
NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL PUCCH during each subtest interval.
Pm-dsg is the ratio (statDTX)/(NACK+ACK+statDTX). If Pm-dsg is less than
the value specified in table 5.3.3.1.3.4.4-1, pass the UE. Otherwise
fail the UE.

5\. Repeat steps from 2 to 4 for each subtest in Table 5.3.3.1.3.3-2 as
appropriate.

##### 5.3.3.1.3..3 Message contents {#message-contents-104 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.3.3.1.3.4.3.1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-84 .H6}

Table 5.3.3.1.3.4.3.1-1: DRX-Config

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\],Table 4.6.3-56                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  DRX-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                    
  drx-onDurationTimer CHOICE {                                                 
  milliSeconds                                        ms5                      
  }                                                                            
  drx-InactivityTimer                                 ms0                      
  drx-HARQ-RTT-TimerDL                                0                        
  drx-HARQ-RTT-TimerUL                                0                        
  drx-RetransmissionTimerDL                           sl1                      
  drx-RetransmissionTimerUL                           sl1                      
  drx-LongCycleStartOffset CHOICE {                                            
  ms10                                                0                        
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            

Table 5.3.3.1.3.4.3.1-2: DCP-Config

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-106                            
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- ---------------------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  dcp-Config-r16 CHOICE {                                                        
  setup SEQUENCE {                                                               
  ps-Offset-r16                                         32                       Scs-15kHz-r16 = sl3
  sizeDCI-2-6-r16                                       2                        
  ps-PositionDCI-2-6-r16                                0                        
  }                                                                              
  }                                                                              

Table 5.3.3.1.3.4.3.1-3: PDCCH-Config

+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| Derivation Path: TS  |                    |         |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\],Table |                    |         |           |
| 4.6.3-95             |                    |         |           |
+======================+====================+=========+===========+
| Information Element  | Value/remark       | Comment | Condition |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| PDCCH-Config::=      |                    |         |           |
| SEQUENCE {           |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| controlRes           | 1 entry            |         |           |
| ourceSetToAddModList |                    |         |           |
| SE                   |                    |         |           |
| QUENCE(SEQUENCE(SIZE |                    |         |           |
| (1..3)) OF           |                    |         |           |
| ControlResourceSet   |                    |         |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {       |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| Con                  | ControlResourceSet |         |           |
| trolResourceSet\[1\] |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| }                    |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| sear                 | 2 entries          |         |           |
| chSpacesToAddModList |                    |         |           |
|                      |                    |         |           |
| SEQUENCE(SIZE        |                    |         |           |
| (1..10)) OF          |                    |         |           |
| SearchSpace ::=      |                    |         |           |
| SEQUENCE {           |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| SearchSpace\[1\]     | SearchSpace1       |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| SearchSpace\[2\]     | SearchSpace2       |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| }                    |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| searchSpace          | 2 entries          |         |           |
| sToAddModListExt-r16 |                    |         |           |
| SEQUENCE(SIZE        |                    |         |           |
| (1..10)) OF          |                    |         |           |
| SearchSpace {        |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| sea                  | SearchSpaceExt1    |         |           |
| rchSpaceExt-r16\[1\] |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| sea                  | SearchSpaceExt2    |         |           |
| rchSpaceExt-r16\[2\] |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| }                    |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| }                    |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+

Table 5.3.2.1.3.4.3.1-4: PDCCH-ControlResourceSet

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-6                                                                                                                 
  ----------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark                                         Comment                                                  Condition
  ControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                   
  controlResourceSetId                                  1                                                                                                             
  frequencyDomainResources                              11111111 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000   CORESET to use the least significant 48 RBs of the BWP   
  Duration                                              2                                                    SearchSpace duration of 2 symbol                         
  cce-REG-MappingType CHOICE {                                                                                                                                        
  nonInterleaved SEQUENCE                                                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                                                                                   

Table 5.3.2.1.3.4.3.1-5: Void

Table 5.3.3.1.3.4.3.1-6: PDCCH *Search Space1*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7                                                           
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------------- ---------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark         Comment                            Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                    
  searchSpaceId                                         2                    SearchSpaceId with condition USS   
  controlResourceSetId                                  1                    ControlResourceSetId               
  monitoringSlotPeriodicityAndOffset CHOICE {                                                                   
  sl1                                                   NULL                                                    
  }                                                                                                             
  nrofCandidates SEQUENCE {                                                                                     
  aggregationLevel4                                     n1                   Test AL4                           
  aggregationLevel8                                     n1                   Test AL8                           
  }                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                             
  searchSpaceType CHOICE {                                                                                      
  common SEQUENCE {                                                                                             
  ue-Specific SEQUENCE {                                                                                        
  dci-Formats                                           formats0-1-And-1-1   DCI Format 1\_1                    
  }                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                             

Table 5.3.3.1.3.4.3.1-6A: PDCCH *Search Space2*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7                                         
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- ---------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment                Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                  
  searchSpaceId                                         4                                     
  controlResourceSetId                                  1              ControlResourceSetId   
  monitoringSlotPeriodicityAndOffset CHOICE {                                                 
  sl1                                                   NULL                                  
  }                                                                                           
  nrofCandidates SEQUENCE {                                                                   
  aggregationLevel4                                     n1             Test AL4               
  aggregationLevel8                                     n1             Test AL8               
  }                                                                                           
  }                                                                                           
  searchSpaceType CHOICE {                                                                    
  common SEQUENCE {                                                                           
  }                                                                                           
  }                                                                                           

Table 5.3.3.1.3.4.3.1-7: PDCCH *Search Space Ext1*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7a                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SearchSpaceExt-r16 ::= SEQUENCE {                                               
  controlResourceSetId-r16                               1                        
  }                                                                               

Table 5.3.3.1.3.4.3.1-7A: PDCCH *Search Space Ext2*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7a                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SearchSpaceExt-r16 ::= SEQUENCE {                                               
  controlResourceSetId-r16                               1                        
  searchSpaceType-r16 SEQUENCE {                                                  
  common SEQUENCE {                                                               
  dci-Format2-6-r16 SEQUENCE {                           NULL                     
  }                                                                               
  }                                                                               
  }                                                                               
  }                                                                               

Table 5.3.3.1.3.4.3.1-8: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ --------------- ------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark    Comment                  Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                     
  TCI-State\[1\]                                         TCI-StateId 0                            
  qcl-type1 {                                                            Type 1 QCL information   
  Cell                                                   ServCellIndex                            
  Bwp-id                                                 1               BWP ID                   
  referenceSignal                                        Ssb : 0         SSB \# 0                 
  Qcl-Type                                               Type C                                   
  }                                                                                               
  qcl-type2 {                                                            Type 2 QCL information   
  Cell                                                   ServCellIndex                            
  Bwp-id                                                 1               BWP ID                   
  referenceSignal                                        Ssb : 0         SSB \# 0                 
  Qcl-Type                                               Type D                                   
  }                                                                                               
  TCI-State\[2\]                                         TCI-StateId 1   Type 1 QCL information   
  qcl-type1 {                                                                                     
  Cell                                                   ServCellIndex                            
  Bwp-id                                                 1               BWP ID                   
  referenceSignal                                        csi-rs : 0      CSI-RS \# 0              
  Qcl-Type                                               Type A                                   
  }                                                                                               
  qcl-type2 {                                                            Type 2 QCL information   
  Cell                                                   ServCellIndex                            
  Bwp-id                                                 1               BWP ID                   
  referenceSignal                                        csi-rs : 0      SSB \# 0                 
  Qcl-Type                                               Type D                                   
  }                                                                                               
  }                                                                                               
  }                                                                                               

##### 5.3.3.1.3.4.3.2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-78 .H6}

Same as 5.3.3.1.3.4.3.1

##### 5.3.3.1.3.4.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-112 .H6}

Table 5.3.3.1.3.4.4-1 defines the primary level settings.

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3-1 the average probability of a
missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the specified
value in Table 5.3.3.1.3.4.4-1.

Table 5.3.3.1.3.4.4-1: Test Requirements for PDCCH with 15 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel    Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- -------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                  Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1             10                48           2                  4                   R.PDCCH. 1-2.4 FDD   TDLA30-10               1x4 Low                                        1                 1.1
                                               2                  8                   R.PDCCH. 1-2.7 FDD                                                                                            

##### 5.3.3.1.4 4RX FDD Minimum requirements for PDCCH with intra-slot repetition

##### 5.3.3.1.4.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-120 .H6}

This test verifies the demodulation performance of PDCCH with intra-slot
repetition under 4 receive antenna conditions and with a given SNR for
which the average probability of miss-detection of the Downlink
Scheduling Grant (Pm-dsg), shall be below the specified value in Table
5.3.3.1.4.3-2. The downlink physical setup is in accordance with Annex
C.2.1.

##### 5.3.3.1.4.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-120 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 17 and forward
supporting EN-DC.

5.3.3.1.4.3 Minimum conformance requirements

Table 5.3.3.1.4.3-1: Test Parameters

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        | Unit     | Value    |          |          |          |
| arameter |          |          |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          | TRxP     | TRxP     |          |          |
|          |          | \#1(Note | \#2(Note |          |          |
|          |          | 1)       | 1)       |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Transmit |          | TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |
| TRxP of  |          |          |          |          |          |
| SSB      |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDCCH    | TCI      |          | TCI      | TCI      |          |
| confi    | state    |          | State    | State    |          |
| guration |          |          | \#1      | \#2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CORESETP |          | 0,1      |          |          |
|          | oolIndex |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Re       |          | FDM      |          |          |
|          | petition |          |          |          |          |
|          | tran     |          |          |          |          |
|          | smission |          |          |          |          |
|          | schemes  |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CCE to   |          | nonInt   |          |          |
|          | REG      |          | erleaved |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | REG      |          | 6        |          |          |
|          | bundle   |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Time     |          | timing   |          |          |
|          | offset/F |          | offset = |          |          |
|          | requency |          | -0.5us,  |          |          |
|          | offset   |          | f        |          |          |
|          | of the   |          | requency |          |          |
|          | second   |          | offset = |          |          |
|          | TxRP     |          | 200Hz    |          |          |
|          | from the |          |          |          |          |
|          | first    |          |          |          |          |
|          | TxRP     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | F        |          | F        |          |          |
|          | requency |          | requency |          |          |
|          | domain   |          | non-ove  |          |          |
|          | resource |          | rlapping |          |          |
|          | al       |          |          |          |          |
|          | location |          |          |          |          |
|          | for      |          |          |          |          |
|          | CORSET   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CSI-RS   | First    |          | k0=0 for | k0=1 for |          |
| for      | su       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
| tracking | bcarrier |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | index in |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | the PRB  |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | used for |          |          |          |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | First    |          | l0 = 6   | l0 = 6   |          |
|          | OFDM     |          | for      | for      |          |
|          | symbol   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | in the   |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | PRB used |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | for      |          | 1 and 3  | 5 and 7  |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | l0 = 10  | l0 = 10  |          |
|          |          |          | for      | for      |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 2 and 4  | 6 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1 for    | 1 for    |          |
|          | of       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          | resource | resource |          |
|          | ports    |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | (X)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CDM Type |          | 'No CDM' |          |          |
|          |          |          | for      |          |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   |          |          |
|          |          |          | resource |          |          |
|          |          |          | 1,2,3,4  |          |          |
|          |          |          | ,5,6,7,8 |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Density  |          | 3        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 20       |          |          |
|          | per      |          |          |          |          |
|          | iodicity |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 10 for   | 10 for   |          |
|          | offset   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 1 and 2  | 5 and 6  |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | 11 for   | 11 for   |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 3 and 4  | 7 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | QCL info |          | TCI      |          |          |
|          |          |          | state    |          |          |
|          |          |          | \#0      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | CSI-RS   | N/A      |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          | resource |          |
| \#1      | inf      |          |          | 1 from   |          |
|          | ormation |          |          | \'CSI-RS |          |
|          |          |          |          | for      |          |
|          |          |          |          | t        |          |
|          |          |          |          | racking' |          |
|          |          |          |          | confi    |          |
|          |          |          |          | guration |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | Type A   | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | CSI-RS   |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          |          | resource |
| \#2      | inf      |          |          |          | 5 from   |
|          | ormation |          |          |          | \'CSI-RS |
|          |          |          |          |          | for      |
|          |          |          |          |          | t        |
|          |          |          |          |          | racking' |
|          |          |          |          |          | confi    |
|          |          |          |          |          | guration |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | Type A   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note:    |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDCCH is |          |          |          |          |          |
| tra      |          |          |          |          |          |
| nsmitted |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| both     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |          |          |
| and TRxP |          |          |          |          |          |
| \#2      |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3.3.1.3.3-1, the average
probability of a missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be
below the specified value in Table 5.3.3.1.3.3-2. The downlink physical
setup is in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

Table 5.3.3.1.4.3-2: Minimum performance for PDCCH with 15kHz SCS (Note
2)

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Test num.</th>
<th>Bandwidth(MHz)</th>
<th>CORESET RB (Note 4)</th>
<th>CORESET duration</th>
<th>Aggregation level</th>
<th>Reference Channel</th>
<th>Propagation Condition (Note 1)</th>
<th>Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix</th>
<th>Reference value</th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><p>Pm-dsg</p>
<p>(%)</p></td>
<td>SNR (dB) (Note 3)</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>R.PDCCH. 1-2.1 FDD</td>
<td>TDLA30-10</td>
<td>2x4, ULA Low</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>-1.2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The propagation conditions apply to each of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 and are statistically independent.</p>
<p>Note 2: Bandwidth, CORESET parameters, reference channel, Correlation matrix and antenna configuration parameters apply to each of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2.</p>
<p>Note 3: SNR corresponds to SNR of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 as defined in 4.4.2</p>
<p>Note 4: CORESETs from TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 should not be overlapped</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[2\] clause
5.3.3.1.4.

##### 5.3.3.1.4.4 Test description {#test-description-120 .H6}

##### 5.3.3.1.4.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-109 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDCCH before measurement are specified in Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.3-1, Table 5.3.3.1-1 and Table 5.3.3.1.4.3-1 and as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
Release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.3.3.1.4.4.3.

##### 5.3.3.1.4.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-109 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDCCH with DCI format as specified in PDCCH Reference
Channel for C\_RNTI to transmit the DL RMC according to Table
5.3.3.1.4.3-1. The details of PDCCH are specified in Table 5.3.1, Table
5.3.3.1-1, Table 5.3.3.1.4.3-1 respectively. The details of PDSCH are
specified in Table A.3.3.1.1-3. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits
on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the propagation condition, antenna
configuration, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to Table
5.3.3.1.4.3-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the Pm-dsg for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the number of
NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL PUCCH during each subtest interval.
Pm-dsg is the ratio (statDTX)/(NACK+ACK+statDTX). If Pm-dsg is less than
the value specified in table 5.3.3.1.4.4.4-1, pass the UE. Otherwise
fail the UE.

##### 5.3.3.1.4.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-105 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.3.3.1.4.4.3.1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-85 .H6}

Table 5.3.3.1.4.4.3.1-1: PDCCH-ControlResourceSet

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-6                                                                                                                 
  ----------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark                                         Comment                                                  Condition
  ControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                   
  frequencyDomainResources                              11110000 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000   CORESET to use the least significant 24 RBs of the BWP   
  Duration                                              1                                                    SearchSpace duration of 1 symbol                         
                                                                                                                                                                      
  }                                                                                                                                                                   

Table 5.3.3.1.4.4.3.1-2: PDCCH *Search Space*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7                                                      
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------------- ----------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark         Comment                       Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                               
  nrofCandidates SEQUENCE {                                                                                
  aggregationLevel2                                     n1                                                 
  }                                                                                                        
  searchSpaceType CHOICE {                                                                                 
  common SEQUENCE {                                                                                        CSS, SISS
  ue-Specific SEQUENCE {                                                                                   USS
  dci-Formats                                           formats0-0-And-1-0   DCI Format 1\_0 for tests 1   Long\_DCI
  }                                                                                                        
  }                                                                                                        
  }                                                                                                        

Table 5.3.3.1.4.4.3.1-3: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                                       
  ------------------------------------------------------ ------------------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark              Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                
  resourceAllocation                                     resourceAllocationType1             
  }                                                                                          

Table 5.3.3.1.4.4.3.1-4: *CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset* for TRS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-10                                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                        Condition
  CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset ::= CHOICE {                                                        
  Slots40                                                10             For CSI-RS resources 1,2,5,6   
  Slots40                                                11             For CSI-RS resources 3,4,7,8   
  }                                                                                                    

##### 5.3.3.1.4.4.3.2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-79 .H6}

Same as 5.3.3.1.4.4.3.1

##### 5.3.3.1.4.4.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-113 .H6}

Table 5.3.3.1.4.4.4-1 defines the primary level settings.

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3-1 the average probability of a
missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the specified
value in Table 5.3.3.1.4.4.4-1.

Table 5.3.3.1.4.4.4-1: Test Requirements for PDCCH with 15kHz SCS (Note
2)

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Test num.</th>
<th>Bandwidth(MHz)</th>
<th>CORESET RB (Note 4)</th>
<th>CORESET duration</th>
<th>Aggregation level</th>
<th>Reference Channel</th>
<th>Propagation Condition (Note 1)</th>
<th>Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix</th>
<th>Reference value</th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><p>Pm-dsg</p>
<p>(%)</p></td>
<td>SNR (dB) (Note 3)</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>R.PDCCH. 1-2.1 FDD</td>
<td>TDLA30-10</td>
<td>2x4, ULA Low</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>-0.3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The propagation conditions apply to each of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 and are statistically independent.</p>
<p>Note 2: Bandwidth, CORESET parameters, reference channel, Correlation matrix and antenna configuration parameters apply to each of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2.</p>
<p>Note 3: SNR corresponds to SNR of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 as defined in 4.4.2</p>
<p>Note 4: CORESETs from TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 should not be overlapped</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

#### 5.3.3.2 TDD

The parameters specified in Table 5.3.3.2-1 are valid for all TDD tests
unless otherwise stated.

Table 5.3.3.2-1: Common Test Parameters

+-------------------------+------+--------------------------+--------------+
| Parameter               | Unit | 1 Tx Antenna             | 2 Tx Antenna |
+=========================+======+==========================+==============+
| TDD UL-DL pattern       |      | FR1.30-1                 |              |
+-------------------------+------+--------------------------+--------------+
| CCE to REG mapping type |      | Test 3: Non-interleaved  | interleaved  |
|                         |      |                          |              |
|                         |      | Other tests: interleaved |              |
+-------------------------+------+--------------------------+--------------+
| Interleaver size        |      | 3                        |              |
+-------------------------+------+--------------------------+--------------+
| REG bundle size         |      | Test 3: 6                | 6            |
|                         |      |                          |              |
|                         |      | Other tests: 2           |              |
+-------------------------+------+--------------------------+--------------+
| Shift Index             |      | 0                        |              |
+-------------------------+------+--------------------------+--------------+

##### 5.3.3.2.1 4Rx TDD FR1 PDCCH 1 Tx antenna performance for both SA and NSA

##### 5.3.3.2.1.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-121 .H6}

This test verifies the demodulation performance of PDCCH under 4 receive
antenna conditions and with a given SNR for which the average
probability of miss-detection of the Downlink Scheduling Grant (Pm-dsg),
shall be below the specified value in Table 5.3.3.2.1.3-1. The downlink
physical setup is in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

##### 5.3.3.2.1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-121 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward
supporting 4 Rx antenna ports.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC and 4 Rx antenna ports.

##### 5.3.3.2.1.3 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-103 .H6}

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3.3.2-1, the average probability
of a missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the
specified value in Table 5.3.3.2.1.3-1. The downlink physical setup is
in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

Table 5.3.3.2.1.3-1: Minimum performance for PDCCH with 30 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel   Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                 Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1             40                102          1                  2                   R.PDCCH.2-1.1 TDD   TDLA30-10               1x4 Low                                        1                 2.1
  2             40                102          1                  4                   R.PDCCH.2-1.2 TDD   TDLC300-100             1x4 Low                                        1                 -0.9
  3             40                48           2                  16                  R.PDCCH.2-2.1 TDD   TDLA30-10               1x4 Medium A                                   1                 -3.6

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\] clause
5.3.3.2.

##### 5.3.3.2.1.4 Test description {#test-description-121 .H6}

##### 5.3.3.2.1.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-110 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-2 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise sources to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.3
for TE diagram and section A.3.2.5 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.3-1, Table 5.3.3.2-1 and Table 5.3.3.2.1.3-1 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
Release On, Test Mode* On*)* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.3.3.2.1.4.3.

##### 5.3.3.2.1.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-110 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH with DCI format as specified in PDCCH
Reference Channel for C\_RNTI to transmit the DL RMC according to Table
5.3.3.2.1.3-1. The details of PDCCH are specified in Table 5.3-1, Table
5.3.3.2-1 and Table 5.3.3.2.1.3-1 respectively. The details of PDSCH are
specified in Table A.3.3.2.2-3. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits
on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the propagation condition, antenna
configuration, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to Table
5.3.3.2.1.5-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the Pm-dsg for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the number of
NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL PUCCH during each subtest interval.
Pm-dsg is the ratio (statDTX)/(NACK+ACK+statDTX). If Pm-dsg is less than
the value specified in table 5.3.3.2.1.5-1, pass the UE. Otherwise fail
the UE.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Table 5.3.3.2.1.5-1 as
appropriate.

##### 5.3.3.2.1.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-106 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.3.3.2.1.4.3.1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-86 .H6}

Table 5.3.3.2.1.4.3.1-1: PDCCH-ControlResourceSet

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-6 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Con             |                 |                 |           |
| trolResourceSet |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| frequency       | 11111111        | CORESET to use  |           |
| DomainResources | 00000000        | the least       |           |
|                 | 00000000        | significant 48  |           |
|                 | 00000000        | RBs of the BWP  |           |
|                 | 00000000 00000  |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test 3          |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
|                 | 11111111        | CORESET to use  |           |
|                 | 11111111        | the least       |           |
|                 | 10000000        | significant 102 |           |
|                 | 00000000        | RBs of the BWP  |           |
|                 | 00000000 00000  |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test 1, 2       |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Duration        | 2               | SearchSpace     |           |
|                 |                 | duration of 2   |           |
|                 |                 | symbols         |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test 3          |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
|                 | 1               | SearchSpace     |           |
|                 |                 | duration of 1   |           |
|                 |                 | symbol          |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test 1, 2       |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| cce-            |                 |                 |           |
| REG-MappingType |                 |                 |           |
| CHOICE {        |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Interleaved     | Null            |                 | Test 1,   |
| SEQUENCE {      |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 |                 | Test 2    |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| reg-BundleSize  | n2              |                 | 1 Tx      |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| interleaverSize | n3              |                 | TDD       |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| nonInterleaved  | null            |                 | Test 3    |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.3.3.2.1.4.3.1-2: PDCCH *Search Space*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7 with condition USS                                                           
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------- ---------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                                      Value/remark         Comment                            Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                       
  nrofCandidates SEQUENCE {                                                                                                        
  aggregationLevel2                                                        n1                   AL2                                Test 1
  aggregationLevel4                                                        n1                   AL4                                Test 2
  aggregationLevel16                                                       n1                   AL16                               Test 3
  }                                                                                                                                
  }                                                                                                                                
  searchSpaceType CHOICE {                                                                                                         
  common SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                CSS, SISS
  ue-Specific SEQUENCE {                                                                                                           USS
  dci-Formats                                                              formats0-1-And-1-1   DCI Format 1\_1 for test 2         Long\_DCI
                                                                           formats0-0-And-1-0   DCI Format 1\_0 for test 1 and 3   
  }                                                                                                                                
  }                                                                                                                                
  }                                                                                                                                

Table 5.3.3.2.1.4.3.1-3: Void

Table 5.3.3.2.1.4.3.1-3A: *PDSCH-Config*

+----------------------+----------------------+---------+-----------+
| Derivation Path: TS  |                      |         |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\],      |                      |         |           |
| Table 5.4.2.2-3      |                      |         |           |
+======================+======================+=========+===========+
| Information Element  | Value/remark         | Comment | Condition |
+----------------------+----------------------+---------+-----------+
| PDSCH-Config ::=     |                      |         |           |
| SEQUENCE {           |                      |         |           |
+----------------------+----------------------+---------+-----------+
| resourceAllocation   | res                  |         | Test 1,   |
|                      | ourceAllocationType1 |         |           |
|                      |                      |         | Test 3    |
+----------------------+----------------------+---------+-----------+
| }                    |                      |         |           |
+----------------------+----------------------+---------+-----------+

##### 5.3.3.2.1.4.3.2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-80 .H6}

Same as 5.3.3.2.1.4.3.1.

##### 5.3.3.2.1.5 Test requirement {#test-requirement-114 .H6}

Table 5.3.3.2.1.5-1 defines the primary level settings.

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3-1 the average probability of a
missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the specified
value in Table 5.3.3.2.1.5-1.

Table 5.3.3.2.1.5-1: Test Requirement for 1Tx PDCCH with 30 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel   Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                 Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1             40                102          1                  2                   R.PDCCH.2-1.1 TDD   TDLA30-10               1x4 Low                                        1                 3
  2             40                102          1                  4                   R.PDCCH.2-1.2 TDD   TDLC300-100             1x4 Low                                        1                 0
  3             40                48           2                  16                  R.PDCCH.2-2.1 TDD   TDLA30-10               1x4 Medium A                                   1                 -2.7

##### 5.3.3.2.2 4Rx TDD FR1 PDCCH 2 Tx antenna performance for both SA and NSA

##### 5.3.3.2.2.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-122 .H6}

This test verifies the demodulation performance of PDCCH under 4 receive
antenna conditions and with a given SNR for which the average
probability of miss-detection of the Downlink Scheduling Grant (Pm-dsg),
shall be below the specified value in Table 5.3.3.2.2.3-1. The downlink
physical setup is in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

##### 5.3.3.2.2.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-122 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward
supporting 4 Rx antenna ports.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 15 and forward
supporting EN-DC and 4 Rx antenna ports.

##### 5.3.3.2.2.3 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-104 .H6}

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3.3.2-1, the average probability
of a missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the
specified value in Table 5.3.3.2.2.3-1. The downlink physical setup is
in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

Table 5.3.3.2.2.3-1: Minimum performance for PDCCH with 30 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel   Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                 Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1             40                90           1                  8                   R.PDCCH.2-1.3       TDLC300-100             2x4 Low                                        1                 -4.3

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\] clause
5.3.3.2.

##### 5.3.3.2.2.4 Test description {#test-description-122 .H6}

##### 5.3.3.2.2.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-111 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-2 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise sources to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.4
for TE diagram and section A.3.2.5 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.3-1, Table 5.3.3.2-1 and Table 5.3.3.2.2.3-1 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
Release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.3.3.2.2.4.3.

##### 5.3.3.2.2.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-111 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH with DCI format as specified in PDCCH
Reference Channel for C\_RNTI to transmit the DL RMC according to Table
5.3.3.2.2.3-1. The details of PDCCH are specified in Table 5.3-1, Table
5.3.3.2-1 and Table 5.3.3.2.2.3-1. The details of PDSCH are specified in
Table A.3.3.2.2-3. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the propagation condition, antenna
configuration, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to Table
5.3.3.2.2.5-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the Pm-dsg for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the number of
NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL PUCCH during each subtest interval.
Pm-dsg is the ratio (statDTX)/(NACK+ACK+statDTX). If Pm-dsg is less than
the value specified in table 5.3.3.2.2.5-1, pass the UE. Otherwise fail
the UE.

4\. Repeat steps from 1 to 3 for each subtest in Table 5.3.3.2.2.5-1 as
appropriate.

##### 5.3.3.2.2.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-107 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.3.3.2.2.4.3.1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-87 .H6}

Table 5.3.3.2.2.4.3.1-1: PDCCH-ControlResourceSet

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS        |                 |                 |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\], |                 |                 |           |
| Table 5.4.2.0-6 |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Con             |                 |                 |           |
| trolResourceSet |                 |                 |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {  |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| frequency       | 11111111        | CORESET to use  |           |
| DomainResources | 11111110        | the least       |           |
|                 | 00000000        | significant 90  |           |
|                 | 00000000        | RBs of the BWP  |           |
|                 | 00000000 00000  |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test 1          |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Duration        | 1               | SearchSpace     |           |
|                 |                 | duration of 1   |           |
|                 |                 | symbols         |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 |                 | Test 1          |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| cce-            |                 |                 |           |
| REG-MappingType |                 |                 |           |
| CHOICE {        |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Interleaved     | Null            |                 |           |
| SEQUENCE {      |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| reg-BundleSize  | n6              |                 | 2 Tx      |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| interleaverSize | n3              |                 | TDD       |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| }               |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.3.3.2.2.4.3.1-2: PDCCH *Search Space*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7 with condition USS                            
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                                      Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                        
  nrofCandidates SEQUENCE {                                                                         
  aggregationLevel8                                                        n1             AL8       Test 1
  }                                                                                                 
  }                                                                                                 

Table 5.3.3.2.2.4.3.1-3: *Void*

##### 5.3.3.2.2.4.3.2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-81 .H6}

FFS

##### 5.3.3.2.2.5 Test requirement {#test-requirement-115 .H6}

Table 5.3.3.2.2.5-1 defines the primary level settings.

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3-1 the average probability of a
missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the specified
value in Table 5.3.3.2.2.5-1.

Table 5.3.3.2.2.5-1: Test Requirement for 2Tx PDCCH with 30 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel   Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                 Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1             40                90           1                  8                   R.PDCCH.2-1.3       TDLC300-100             2x4 Low                                        1                 -3.3

##### 5.3.3.2.3 4Rx TDD FR1 PDCCH 1 Tx antenna performance for power saving

##### 5.3.3.2.3.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-123 .H6}

This test verifies the demodulation performance of PDCCH under 4 receive
antenna conditions and with a given SNR for which the average
probability of miss-detection of the Downlink Scheduling Grant (Pm-dsg),
shall be below the specified value in Table 5.3.3.2.3.3-2 after receipt
wake-up indication in the *DCI format 2\_6* PDCCH in DRX off state. The
downlink physical setup is in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

##### 5.3.3.2.3.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-123 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 16 and forward
supporting 4 Rx antenna ports and Long DRX Cycle and DRX adaptation.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 16 and forward
supporting EN-DC and 4 Rx antenna ports and Long DRX Cycle and DRX
adaptation.

##### 5.3.3.2.3.3 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-105 .H6}

During the test the UE shall monitor the *DCI format 2\_6* PDCCH in DRX
off state and decide whether to receive the following PDCCH in DRX on
period.

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3.3.2.3.3-1, the average
probability of a missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) observed on
PDCCH during DRX on shall be below the specified value in Table
5.3.3.2.3.3-2. The downlink physical setup is in accordance with Annex
C.3.1.

Table 5.3.3.2.3.3-1: Test Parameters

  Parameter                                                                                Unit                                               1 Tx Antenna                     
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------
  TDD UL-DL pattern                                                                                                                           FR1.30-1                         
  CCE to REG mapping type                                                                                                                     interleaved                      
  Interleaver size                                                                                                                            3                                
  REG bundle size                                                                                                                             2                                
  Shift Index                                                                                                                                 0                                
  DRX cycle                                                                                ms                                                 10                               
  ps-WakeUp-r16                                                                                                                               absent                           
  Wake-up indication bit in DCI format 2\_6                                                                                                   1                                
  PDCCH DCI format 2\_6 configuration                                                      PS-offset                                                                           (T~minimumTimeGap~+1)/$2^{\mu}$/0.125
                                                                                           Number of PDCCH candidates                                                          1
                                                                                           Frequency domain resource allocation for CORESET                                    Start from RB = 0 with contiguous RB allocation
                                                                                           TCI state                                                                           TCI state \#1
  Slots for PDCCH monitoring                                                                                                                  Each slot during DRX-on period   
  Note: T~minimumTimeGap­~ is signalled as a part of *drx-Adaptation-r16* UE capability.                                                                                       

Table 5.3.3.2.3.3-2: Minimum performance for PDCCH with 30 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel    Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- -------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                  Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1             40                102          1                  4                   R.PDCCH. 2-1.2 TDD   TDLC300- 100            1x4 Low                                        1                 -0.9
                                                                  8                   R.PDCCH. 2-1.4 TDD                                                                                            

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\] clause
5.3.3.2.

##### 5.3.3.2.3.4 Test description {#test-description-123 .H6}

##### 5.3.3.2.3.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-112 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-2 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of DRX, DCP, PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are
specified in 5.3.3.2.3.4.3.1 and Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise sources to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.3
for TE diagram and section A.3.2.5 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.3-1, Table 5.3.3.2-1 and Table 5.3.3.2.1.3-2 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
Release On, Test Mode* On*)* for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.3.3.2.1.4.3.

##### 5.3.3.2.3.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-112 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDCCH with DCI format2\_6 as specified in PDCCH
Reference Channel for PS\_RNTI within DRX off state. The Wake-up
indication bit in PDCCH is set to 1.

2\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH with DCI format1\_1 as specified in
PDCCH Reference Channel for C\_RNTI to transmit the DL RMC according to
Table 5.3.3.2.3.3-2 in DRX on period. The details of PDCCH are specified
in Table 5.3-1, Table 5.3.3.2-1 and Table 5.3.3.2.3.3-2 respectively.
The details of PDSCH are specified in Table A.3.3.2.2-3. The SS sends
downlink MAC padding bits on the DL RMC.

3\. Set the parameters of the propagation condition, antenna
configuration, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to Table
5.3.3.2.3.5-1as appropriate.

4\. Measure the Pm-dsg for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the number of
NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL PUCCH during each subtest interval.
Pm-dsg is the ratio (statDTX)/(NACK+ACK+statDTX). If Pm-dsg is less than
the value specified in table 5.3.3.2.3.5-1, pass the UE. Otherwise fail
the UE.

5\. Repeat steps from 2 to 4 for each subtest in Table 5.3.3.2.3.3-2 as
appropriate.

##### 5.3.3.2.3.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-108 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.3.3.2.3.4.3.1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-88 .H6}

Table 5.3.3.2.3.4.3.1-1: DRX-Config

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[4\],Table 4.6.3-56                            
  --------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                 Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  DRX-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                    
  drx-onDurationTimer CHOICE {                                                 
  milliSeconds                                        ms5                      
  }                                                                            
  drx-InactivityTimer                                 ms0                      
  drx-HARQ-RTT-TimerDL                                0                        
  drx-HARQ-RTT-TimerUL                                0                        
  drx-RetransmissionTimerDL                           sl1                      
  drx-RetransmissionTimerUL                           sl1                      
  drx-LongCycleStartOffset CHOICE {                                            
  ms10                                                0                        
  }                                                                            
  }                                                                            

Table 5.3.3.2.3.4.3.1-2: DCP-Config

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-106                            
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- ---------------------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  dcp-Config-r16 CHOICE {                                                        
  setup SEQUENCE {                                                               
  ps-Offset-r16                                         28                       Scs-30kHz-r16 = sl6
  sizeDCI-2-6-r16                                       2                        
  ps-PositionDCI-2-6-r16                                0                        
  }                                                                              
  }                                                                              

Table 5.3.3.2.3.4.3.1-3: PDCCH-Config

+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| Derivation Path: TS  |                    |         |           |
| 38.508-1 \[6\],Table |                    |         |           |
| 4.6.3-95             |                    |         |           |
+======================+====================+=========+===========+
| Information Element  | Value/remark       | Comment | Condition |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| PDCCH-Config::=      |                    |         |           |
| SEQUENCE {           |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| controlRes           | 1 entry            |         |           |
| ourceSetToAddModList |                    |         |           |
| SE                   |                    |         |           |
| QUENCE(SEQUENCE(SIZE |                    |         |           |
| (1..3)) OF           |                    |         |           |
| ControlResourceSet   |                    |         |           |
| ::= SEQUENCE {       |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| Con                  | ControlResourceSet |         |           |
| trolResourceSet\[1\] |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| }                    |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| sear                 | 2 entries          |         |           |
| chSpacesToAddModList |                    |         |           |
|                      |                    |         |           |
| SEQUENCE(SIZE        |                    |         |           |
| (1..10)) OF          |                    |         |           |
| SearchSpace ::=      |                    |         |           |
| SEQUENCE {           |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| SearchSpace\[1\]     | SearchSpace1       |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| SearchSpace\[2\]     | SearchSpace2       |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| }                    |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| searchSpace          | 2 entries          |         |           |
| sToAddModListExt-r16 |                    |         |           |
| SEQUENCE(SIZE        |                    |         |           |
| (1..10)) OF          |                    |         |           |
| SearchSpace {        |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| sea                  | SearchSpaceExt1    |         |           |
| rchSpaceExt-r16\[1\] |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| sea                  | SearchSpaceExt2    |         |           |
| rchSpaceExt-r16\[2\] |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| }                    |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+
| }                    |                    |         |           |
+----------------------+--------------------+---------+-----------+

Table 5.3.3.2.3.4.3.1-4: PDCCH-ControlResourceSet

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-6                                                                                                                  
  ----------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark                                         Comment                                                   Condition
  ControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                    
  controlResourceSetId                                  1                                                                                                              
  frequencyDomainResources                              11111111 11111111 10000000 00000000 00000000 00000   CORESET to use the least significant 102 RBs of the BWP   
  Duration                                              1                                                    SearchSpace duration of 1 symbol                          
  cce-REG-MappingType CHOICE {                                                                                                                                         
  Interleaved SEQUENCE {                                Null                                                                                                           
  reg-BundleSize                                        n2                                                                                                             1 Tx
  interleaverSize                                       n3                                                                                                             TDD
  }                                                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                                    
  }                                                                                                                                                                    

Table 5.3.3.2.3.4.3.1-5: Void

Table 5.3.3.2.3.4.3.1-6: PDCCH *Search Space1*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7                                                           
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------------- ---------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark         Comment                            Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                    
  searchSpaceId                                         2                    SearchSpaceId with condition USS   USS
  controlResourceSetId                                  1                    ControlResourceSetId               
  monitoringSlotPeriodicityAndOffset CHOICE {                                                                   
  sl1                                                   NULL                                                    
  }                                                                                                             
  nrofCandidates SEQUENCE {                                                                                     
  aggregationLevel4                                     n1                   Test AL4                           
  aggregationLevel8                                     n1                   Test AL8                           
  }                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                             
  searchSpaceType CHOICE {                                                                                      
  common SEQUENCE {                                                                                             CSS, SISS
  ue-Specific SEQUENCE {                                                                                        USS
  dci-Formats                                           formats0-1-And-1-1   DCI Format 1\_1                    Long\_DCI
  }                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                             
  }                                                                                                             

Table 5.3.3.2.3.4.3.1-6A: PDCCH *Search Space2*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7                                         
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- ---------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment                Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                  
  searchSpaceId                                         4                                     
  controlResourceSetId                                  1              ControlResourceSetId   
  monitoringSlotPeriodicityAndOffset CHOICE {                                                 
  sl1                                                   NULL                                  
  }                                                                                           
  nrofCandidates SEQUENCE {                                                                   
  aggregationLevel4                                     n1             Test AL4               
  aggregationLevel8                                     N1             Test AL8               
  }                                                                                           
  }                                                                                           
  searchSpaceType CHOICE {                                                                    
  common SEQUENCE {                                                                           CSS, SISS
  }                                                                                           
  }                                                                                           
  }                                                                                           

Table 5.3.3.2.3.4.3.1-7: PDCCH *Search Space Ext1*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7a                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SearchSpaceExt-r16 ::= SEQUENCE {                                               
  controlResourceSetId-r16                               1                        
  }                                                                               

Table 5.3.3.2.3.4.3.1-7A: PDCCH *Search Space Ext2*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7a                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SearchSpaceExt-r16 ::= SEQUENCE {                                               
  controlResourceSetId-r16                               1                        
  searchSpaceType-r16 SEQUENCE {                                                  
  common SEQUENCE {                                                               
  dci-Format2-6-r16 SEQUENCE {                           NULL                     
  }                                                                               
  }                                                                               
  }                                                                               
  }                                                                               

Table 5.3.3.2.3.4.3.1-8: *PDSCH-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-26                                            
  ------------------------------------------------------ --------------- ------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark    Comment                  Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                     
  TCI-State\[1\]                                         TCI-StateId 0                            
  qcl-type1 {                                                            Type 1 QCL information   
  Cell                                                   ServCellIndex                            
  Bwp-id                                                 1               BWP ID                   
  referenceSignal                                        Ssb : 0         SSB \# 0                 
  Qcl-Type                                               Type C                                   
  }                                                                                               
  qcl-type2 {                                                            Type 2 QCL information   
  Cell                                                   ServCellIndex                            
  Bwp-id                                                 1               BWP ID                   
  referenceSignal                                        Ssb : 0         SSB \# 0                 
  Qcl-Type                                               Type D                                   
  }                                                                                               
  TCI-State\[2\]                                         TCI-StateId 1   Type 1 QCL information   
  qcl-type1 {                                                                                     
  Cell                                                   ServCellIndex                            
  Bwp-id                                                 1               BWP ID                   
  referenceSignal                                        csi-rs : 0      CSI-RS \# 0              
  Qcl-Type                                               Type A                                   
  }                                                                                               
  qcl-type2 {                                                            Type 2 QCL information   
  Cell                                                   ServCellIndex                            
  Bwp-id                                                 1               BWP ID                   
  referenceSignal                                        csi-rs : 0      SSB \# 0                 
  Qcl-Type                                               Type D                                   
  }                                                                                               
  }                                                                                               
  }                                                                                               

##### 5.3.3.2.3.4.3.2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-82 .H6}

Same as 5.3.3.2.3.4.3.1.

##### 5.3.3.2.3.5 Test requirement {#test-requirement-116 .H6}

Table 5.3.3.2.3.5-1 defines the primary level settings.

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3-1 the average probability of a
missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the specified
value in Table 5.3.3.2.3.5-1.

Table 5.3.3.2.3.5-1: Test Requirements for PDCCH with 30 kHz SCS

  Test number   Bandwidth (MHz)   CORESET RB   CORESET duration   Aggregation level   Reference Channel    Propagation Condition   Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix   Reference value   
  ------------- ----------------- ------------ ------------------ ------------------- -------------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------
                                                                                                                                                                                  Pm-dsg (%)        SNR (dB)
  1             40                102          1                  4                   R.PDCCH. 2-1.2 TDD   TDLC300- 100            1x4 Low                                        1                 0
                                                                  8                   R.PDCCH. 2-1.4 TDD                                                                                            

##### 5.3.3.2.4 4RX TDD Minimum requirements for PDCCH with intra-slot repetition

##### 5.3.3.2.4.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-124 .H6}

This test verifies the demodulation performance of PDCCH with intra-slot
repetition under 4 receive antenna TDD conditions and with a given SNR
for which the average probability of miss-detection of the Downlink
Scheduling Grant (Pm-dsg), shall be below the specified value in Table
5.3.3.2.4.3-2. The downlink physical setup is in accordance with Annex
C.2.1.

##### 5.3.3. 2.4.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-124 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward.

This test also applies to all types of EUTRA UE release 17 and forward
supporting EN-DC.

5.3.3.2.4.3 Minimum conformance requirements

Table 5.3.3.2.4.3-1: Test Parameters

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P        | Unit     | Value    |          |          |          |
| arameter |          |          |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          | TRxP     | TRxP     |          |          |
|          |          | \#1(Note | \#2(Note |          |          |
|          |          | 1)       | 1)       |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Transmit |          | TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |
| TRxP of  |          |          |          |          |          |
| SSB      |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| PDCCH    | TCI      |          | TCI      | TCI      |          |
| confi    | state    |          | State    | State    |          |
| guration |          |          | \#1      | \#2      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CORESETP |          | 0,1      |          |          |
|          | oolIndex |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Re       |          | FDM      |          |          |
|          | petition |          |          |          |          |
|          | tran     |          |          |          |          |
|          | smission |          |          |          |          |
|          | schemes  |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CCE to   |          | nonInt   |          |          |
|          | REG      |          | erleaved |          |          |
|          | mapping  |          |          |          |          |
|          | type     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | REG      |          | 6        |          |          |
|          | bundle   |          |          |          |          |
|          | size     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Time     |          | timing   |          |          |
|          | offset/F |          | offset = |          |          |
|          | requency |          | -0.25us, |          |          |
|          | offset   |          | f        |          |          |
|          | of the   |          | requency |          |          |
|          | second   |          | offset = |          |          |
|          | TxRP     |          | 300Hz    |          |          |
|          | from the |          |          |          |          |
|          | first    |          |          |          |          |
|          | TxRP     |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | F        |          | F        |          |          |
|          | requency |          | requency |          |          |
|          | domain   |          | non-ove  |          |          |
|          | resource |          | rlapping |          |          |
|          | al       |          |          |          |          |
|          | location |          |          |          |          |
|          | for      |          |          |          |          |
|          | CORSET   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CSI-RS   | First    |          | k0=0 for | k0=1 for |          |
| for      | su       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
| tracking | bcarrier |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | index in |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | the PRB  |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | used for |          |          |          |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | First    |          | l0 = 6   | l0 = 6   |          |
|          | OFDM     |          | for      | for      |          |
|          | symbol   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | in the   |          | r        | r        |          |
|          | PRB used |          | esources | esources |          |
|          | for      |          | 1 and 3  | 5 and 7  |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | l0 = 10  | l0 = 10  |          |
|          |          |          | for      | for      |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 2 and 4  | 6 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Number   |          | 1 for    | 1 for    |          |
|          | of       |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          | CSI-RS   |          | resource | resource |          |
|          | ports    |          | 1,2,3,4  | 5,6,7,8  |          |
|          | (X)      |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CDM Type |          | 'No CDM' |          |          |
|          |          |          | for      |          |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   |          |          |
|          |          |          | resource |          |          |
|          |          |          | 1,2,3,4  |          |          |
|          |          |          | ,5,6,7,8 |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Density  |          | 3        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 40       |          |          |
|          | per      |          |          |          |          |
|          | iodicity |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | CSI-RS   | Slots    | 20 for   | 20 for   |          |
|          | offset   |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 1 and 2  | 5 and 6  |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | 21 for   | 21 for   |          |
|          |          |          | CSI-RS   | CSI-RS   |          |
|          |          |          | r        | r        |          |
|          |          |          | esources | esources |          |
|          |          |          | 3 and 4  | 7 and 8  |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | QCL info |          | TCI      |          |          |
|          |          |          | state    |          |          |
|          |          |          | \#0      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | CSI-RS   | N/A      |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          | resource |          |
| \#1      | inf      |          |          | 1 from   |          |
|          | ormation |          |          | \'CSI-RS |          |
|          |          |          |          | for      |          |
|          |          |          |          | t        |          |
|          |          |          |          | racking' |          |
|          |          |          |          | confi    |          |
|          |          |          |          | guration |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | Type A   | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| TCI      | Type 1   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | CSI-RS   |
| State    | QCL      | resource |          |          | resource |
| \#2      | inf      |          |          |          | 5 from   |
|          | ormation |          |          |          | \'CSI-RS |
|          |          |          |          |          | for      |
|          |          |          |          |          | t        |
|          |          |          |          |          | racking' |
|          |          |          |          |          | confi    |
|          |          |          |          |          | guration |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | Type A   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | Type 2   | CSI-RS   |          | N/A      | N/A      |
|          | QCL      | resource |          |          |          |
|          | inf      |          |          |          |          |
|          | ormation |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | QCL Type |          | N/A      | N/A      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note:    |          |          |          |          |          |
| PDCCH is |          |          |          |          |          |
| tra      |          |          |          |          |          |
| nsmitted |          |          |          |          |          |
| from     |          |          |          |          |          |
| both     |          |          |          |          |          |
| TRxP \#1 |          |          |          |          |          |
| and TRxP |          |          |          |          |          |
| \#2      |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3.3.2.3.3-1, the average
probability of a missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be
below the specified value in Table 5.3.3.2.3.3-2. The downlink physical
setup is in accordance with Annex C.2.1.

Table 5.3.3.2.4.3-2: Minimum performance for PDCCH with 15kHz SCS (Note
2)

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Test num.</th>
<th>Bandwidth(MHz)</th>
<th>CORESET RB (Note 4)</th>
<th>CORESET duration</th>
<th>Aggregation level</th>
<th>Reference Channel</th>
<th>Propagation Condition (Note 1)</th>
<th>Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix (Note 2)</th>
<th>Reference value</th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><p>Pm-dsg</p>
<p>(%)</p></td>
<td>SNR (dB) (Note 3)</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>48</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>R.PDCCH. 2-2.2 TDD</td>
<td>TDLA30-10</td>
<td>2x4, ULA Low</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>-1.0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The propagation conditions apply to each of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 and are statistically independent.</p>
<p>Note 2: Bandwidth, CORESET parameters, reference channel, Correlation matrix and antenna configuration parameters apply to each of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2.</p>
<p>Note 3: SNR corresponds to SNR of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 as defined in 4.4.2</p>
<p>Note 4: CORESETs from TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 should not be overlapped</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[2\] clause
5.3.3.2.4.

##### 5.3.3.2.4.4 Test description {#test-description-124 .H6}

##### 5.3.3.2.4.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-113 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDCCH before measurement are specified in Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

For EN-DC within FR1 operation, setup the LTE link according to Annex D

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and clause A.3.2.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the cell are set up according to Table
5.3-1, Table 5.3.2.1-1 and Table 5.3.3.2.4.3-1 and as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without Release On,
Test Mode On* or EN-DC, DC bearer *MCG* and *SCG, Connected without
Release On, Test Mode* On for NSA according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause
4.5. Message contents are defined in clause 5.3.3.2.4.4.3.

##### 5.3.3.2.4.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-113 .H6}

1\. SS transmits PDCCH with DCI format as specified in PDCCH Reference
Channel for C\_RNTI to transmit the DL RMC according to Table
5.3.3.2.4.3-1. The details of PDCCH are specified in Table 5.3.3, Table
5.3.3.2-1, Table 5.3.3.2.4.3-1 respectively. The details of PDSCH are
specified in Table A.3.3.1.1-3. The SS sends downlink MAC padding bits
on the DL RMC.

2\. Set the parameters of the propagation condition, antenna
configuration, the correlation matrix and the SNR according to Table
5.3.3.2.4.3-1 as appropriate.

3\. Measure the Pm-dsg for a duration sufficient to achieve statistical
significance according to Annex G clause G.1.5. Count the number of
NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL PUCCH during each subtest interval.
Pm-dsg is the ratio (statDTX)/(NACK+ACK+statDTX). If Pm-dsg is less than
the value specified in table 5.3.3.2.4.4.4-1, pass the UE. Otherwise
fail the UE.

##### 5.3.3.2.4.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-109 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.3.3.2.4.4.3.1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-89 .H6}

Table 5.3.3.2.4.4.3.1-1: PDCCH-ControlResourceSet

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-6                                                                                                                 
  ----------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark                                         Comment                                                  Condition
  ControlResourceSet ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                                                                                   
  frequencyDomainResources                              11111111 11111110 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000   CORESET to use the least significant 48 RBs of the BWP   
  Duration                                              1                                                    SearchSpace duration of 1 symbols                        
  cce-REG-MappingType CHOICE {                                                                                                                                        
  Interleaved SEQUENCE {                                Null                                                                                                          
  reg-BundleSize                                        n6                                                                                                            2 Tx
  interleaverSize                                       n3                                                                                                            TDD
  }                                                                                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                                                                                   
  }                                                                                                                                                                   

Table 5.3.3.2.4.4.3.1-2: PDCCH *Search Space*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-7                            
  ----------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                   Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  SearchSpace ::= SEQUENCE {                                                     
  nrofCandidates SEQUENCE {                                                      
  aggregationLevel2                                     n1                       
  }                                                                              

Table 5.3.3.2.4.4.3.1-3: *CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset* for TRS

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-10                                                 
  ------------------------------------------------------ -------------- ------------------------------ -----------
  Information Element                                    Value/remark   Comment                        Condition
  CSI-ResourcePeriodicityAndOffset ::= CHOICE {                                                        
  Slots40                                                10             For CSI-RS resources 1,2,5,6   
  Slots40                                                11             For CSI-RS resources 3,4,7,8   
  }                                                                                                    

##### 5.3.3.2.4.4.3.2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-83 .H6}

Same as 5.3.3.2.4.4.3.1

##### 5.3.3.2.4.4.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-117 .H6}

Table 5.3.3.2.4.4.4-1 defines the primary level settings.

For the parameters specified in Table 5.3-1 the average probability of a
missed downlink scheduling grant (Pm-dsg) shall be below the specified
value in Table 5.3.3.2.4.4.4-1.

Table 5.3.3.2.4.4.4-1: Test Requirements for PDCCH with 30kHz SCS (Note
2)

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Test num.</th>
<th>Bandwidth(MHz)</th>
<th>CORESET RB (Note 4)</th>
<th>CORESET duration</th>
<th>Aggregation level</th>
<th>Reference Channel</th>
<th>Propagation Condition (Note 1)</th>
<th>Antenna configuration and correlation Matrix (Note 2)</th>
<th>Reference value</th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><p>Pm-dsg</p>
<p>(%)</p></td>
<td>SNR (dB) (Note 3)</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>48</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>R.PDCCH. 2-2.2 TDD</td>
<td>TDLA30-10</td>
<td>2x4, ULA Low</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>-0.1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The propagation conditions apply to each of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 and are statistically independent.</p>
<p>Note 2: Bandwidth, CORESET parameters, reference channel, Correlation matrix and antenna configuration parameters apply to each of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2.</p>
<p>Note 3: SNR corresponds to SNR of TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 as defined in 4.4.2</p>
<p>Note 4: CORESETs from TRxP #1 and TRxP #2 should not be overlapped</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

5.4 PBCH demodulation requirements
----------------------------------

TS 38.101-4 shall specify the PBCH performance requirements and has
recommended that these requirements do not need to be tested.

5.5 Sustained downlink data rate provided by lower layers
---------------------------------------------------------

### 5.5.1 FR1 Sustained downlink data rate performance for single carrier

##### 5.5.1.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-125 .H6}

The purpose of the test is to verify that the Layer 1 and Layer 2
correctly process in a sustained manner the received packets
corresponding to the maximum data rate indicated by UE capabilities*.*
The sustained downlink data rate shall be verified in terms of the
success rate of delivered PDCP SDU(s) by Layer 2. The test case below
specifies the RF conditions and the required success rate of delivered
TB by Layer 1 to meet the sustained data rate requirement

##### 5.5.1.2 Test Applicability {#test-applicability-125 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward.

##### 5.5.1.3 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-106 .H6}

The requirements in this clause are applicable to the FR1 single carrier
case.

The TB success rate shall be higher than 85% when PDSCH is scheduled
with MCS defined for the channel bandwidth with the downlink physical
channel setup according to Annex C.3.1.

The TB success rate is defined as 100%\*NDL\_correct\_rx / (NDL\_newtx +
NDL\_retx), where NDL\_newtx is the number of newly transmitted DL
transport blocks, NDL\_retx is the number of retransmitted DL transport
blocks, and NDL\_correct\_rx is the number of correctly received DL
transport blocks.

The common test parameters are specified in Table 5.5.1.3-1. The
parameters specified in Table 5.5.1.3-2 are applicable for tests on FDD
bands and parameters specified in Table 5.5.1.3-3 are applicable for
tests on TDD bands.

Unless otherwise stated, no user data is scheduled on slot \#0, 10 and
11 within 20 ms for SCS 15 kHz.

Unless otherwise stated, no user data is scheduled on slot \#0, 20 and
21 within 20 ms for SCS 30 kHz.

Table 5.5.1.3-1: Common test parameters for FDD and TDD bands

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Parameter   | Unit        | Value       |             |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| PDSCH       |             | T           |             |             |
| t           |             | ransmission |             |             |
| ransmission |             | scheme 1    |             |             |
| scheme      |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| EPRE ratio  | dB          | N/A         |             |             |
| of PTRS to  |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH       |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Channel     | MHz         | Select      |             |             |
| bandwidth   |             | channel     |             |             |
|             |             | bandwidth   |             |             |
|             |             | as per test |             |             |
|             |             | parameter   |             |             |
|             |             | selection   |             |             |
|             |             | clause      |             |             |
|             |             | 5.5.1.3.1   |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Common      | Physical    |             | 0           |             |
| serving     | Cell ID     |             |             |             |
| cell        |             |             |             |             |
| parameters  |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | SSB         |             | First SSB   |             |
|             | position in |             | in Slot \#0 |             |
|             | burst       |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | SSB         | ms          | 20          |             |
|             | periodicity |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | First DMRS  |             | 2           |             |
|             | position    |             |             |             |
|             | for Type A  |             |             |             |
|             | PDSCH       |             |             |             |
|             | mapping     |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Cross       |             | Not         |             |             |
| carrier     |             | configured  |             |             |
| scheduling  |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Active DL   |             | 1           |             |             |
| BWP index   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Actual      | Offset      | RBs         | 0           |             |
| carrier     | between     |             |             |             |
| co          | Point A and |             |             |             |
| nfiguration | the lowest  |             |             |             |
|             | usable      |             |             |             |
|             | subcarrier  |             |             |             |
|             | on this     |             |             |             |
|             | carrier     |             |             |             |
|             | (Note 2)    |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Subcarrier  | kHz         | 15 or 30    |             |
|             | spacing     |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| DL BWP      | RB offset   | RBs         | 0           |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
| \#1         |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | Maximum     |             |
|             | contiguous  |             | t           |             |
|             | PRB         |             | ransmission |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidth   |             |
|             |             |             | co          |             |
|             |             |             | nfiguration |             |
|             |             |             | as          |             |
|             |             |             | specified   |             |
|             |             |             | in clause   |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.2 of TS |             |
|             |             |             | 38.101-1    |             |
|             |             |             | \[2\] for   |             |
|             |             |             | tested      |             |
|             |             |             | channel     |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidth   |             |
|             |             |             | and         |             |
|             |             |             | subcarrier  |             |
|             |             |             | spacing     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Subcarrier  | kHz         | 15 or 30    |             |
|             | spacing     |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Cyclic      |             | Normal      |             |
|             | prefix      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDCCH       | Slots for   |             | Each slot   |             |
| co          | PDCCH       |             |             |             |
| nfiguration | monitoring  |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Symbols     |             | Symbols \#0 |             |
|             | with PDCCH  |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | Table       |             |
|             | PRBs in     |             | 5.5.1.3-4   |             |
|             | CORESET     |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 2/AL2 for   |             |
|             | PDCCH       |             | 15 kHz / 5  |             |
|             | candidates  |             | MHz and 30  |             |
|             | and         |             | kHz / 15    |             |
|             | aggregation |             | MHz         |             |
|             | levels      |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 2/AL4 for   |             |
|             |             |             | 15 kHz / 10 |             |
|             |             |             | MHz, 30 kHz |             |
|             |             |             | / 10 MHz    |             |
|             |             |             | and 30 kHz  |             |
|             |             |             | / 20 MHz    |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 2/AL8 for   |             |
|             |             |             | other       |             |
|             |             |             | greater     |             |
|             |             |             | c           |             |
|             |             |             | ombinations |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CCE-to-REG  |             | Non-        |             |
|             | mapping     |             | interleaved |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | DCI format  |             | 1\_1        |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | TCI State   |             | TCI state   |             |
|             |             |             | \#1         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PDCCH &     |             | For number  |             |
|             | PDCCH DMRS  |             | of Tx=1: No |             |
|             | Precoding   |             | pr          |             |
|             | co          |             | ecoding;For |             |
|             | nfiguration |             | number of   |             |
|             |             |             | Tx=2:       |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | Single      |             |
|             |             |             | Panel Type  |             |
|             |             |             | I,          |             |
|             |             |             | Randomized  |             |
|             |             |             | precoder    |             |
|             |             |             | selection   |             |
|             |             |             | for every   |             |
|             |             |             | REG bundle  |             |
|             |             |             | and updated |             |
|             |             |             | per slot    |             |
|             |             |             | with equal  |             |
|             |             |             | probability |             |
|             |             |             | of precoder |             |
|             |             |             | indices 0   |             |
|             |             |             | and 2       |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | For number  |             |
|             |             |             | of Tx=4:    |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | Single      |             |
|             |             |             | Panel Type  |             |
|             |             |             | I,          |             |
|             |             |             | Randomized  |             |
|             |             |             | precoder    |             |
|             |             |             | selection   |             |
|             |             |             | for every   |             |
|             |             |             | REG bundle  |             |
|             |             |             | and updated |             |
|             |             |             | per slot    |             |
|             |             |             | with equal  |             |
|             |             |             | probability |             |
|             |             |             | of i\_1,1   |             |
|             |             |             | in          |             |
|             |             |             | {1          |             |
|             |             |             | ,2,3,5,6,7} |             |
|             |             |             | and i\_2 in |             |
|             |             |             | {0,2}       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH       | Mapping     |             | Type A      |             |
| co          | type        |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | k0          |             | 0           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PDSCH       |             | 1           |             |
|             | aggregation |             |             |             |
|             | factor      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | Static      |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | WB          |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | size        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    |             | Type 0      |             |
|             | allocation  |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | Non-        |             |
|             | mapping     |             | interleaved |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | N/A         |             |
|             | mapping     |             |             |             |
|             | interleaver |             |             |             |
|             | bundle size |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH DMRS  | DMRS Type   |             | Type 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 1           |             |
|             | additional  |             |             |             |
|             | DMRS        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Length      |             | 1           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Antenna     |             | {1000} for  |             |
|             | ports       |             | 1 Layer     |             |
|             | indexes     |             | CCs\        |             |
|             |             |             | {1000,      |             |
|             |             |             | 1001} for 2 |             |
|             |             |             | Layers CCs  |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | {1000 --    |             |
|             |             |             | 1003} for 4 |             |
|             |             |             | Layers CCs  |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 1 for 1     |             |
|             | PDSCH DMRS  |             | layer and 2 |             |
|             | CDM         |             | layers CCs  |             |
|             | group(s)    |             |             |             |
|             | without     |             | 2 for 4     |             |
|             | data        |             | Layers CCs  |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PTRS        |             | PTRS is not |             |             |
| co          |             | configured  |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CSI-RS for  | Subcarrier  |             | k~0~ = 3    |             |
| tracking    | indexes in  |             | for CSI-RS  |             |
|             | the PRB     |             | resource    |             |
|             | used for    |             | 1,2,3,4     |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | OFDM        |             | l~0~ = 6    |             |
|             | symbols in  |             | for CSI-RS  |             |
|             | the PRB     |             | resource 1  |             |
|             | used for    |             | and 3       |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | l~0~ = 10   |             |
|             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |             |
|             |             |             | resource 2  |             |
|             |             |             | and 4       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 1 for       |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             | ports (X)   |             | resource    |             |
|             |             |             | 1,2,3,4     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CDM Type    |             | \'No CDM\'  |             |
|             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |             |
|             |             |             | resource    |             |
|             |             |             | 1,2,3,4     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Density (ρ) |             | 3 for       |             |
|             |             |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             |             |             | resource    |             |
|             |             |             | 1,2,3,4     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 15 kHz SCS: |             |
|             | periodicity |             | 20 for      |             |
|             |             |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             |             |             | resource    |             |
|             |             |             | 1,2,3,4     |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 30 kHz SCS: |             |
|             |             |             | 40 for      |             |
|             |             |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             |             |             | resource    |             |
|             |             |             | 1,2,3,4     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 15 kHz SCS: |             |
|             | offset      |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 10 for      |             |
|             |             |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             |             |             | resource 1  |             |
|             |             |             | and 2       |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 11 for      |             |
|             |             |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             |             |             | resource 3  |             |
|             |             |             | and 4       |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 30 kHz SCS: |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 20 for      |             |
|             |             |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             |             |             | resource 1  |             |
|             |             |             | and 2       |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 21 for      |             |
|             |             |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             |             |             | resource 3  |             |
|             |             |             | and 4       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Frequency   |             | Start PRB 0 |             |
|             | Occupation  |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | Number of   |             |
|             |             |             | PRB = BWP   |             |
|             |             |             | size        |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |             |
|             |             |             | \#0         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NZP CSI-RS  | Subcarrier  |             | k~0~ = 4    |             |
| for CSI     | indexes in  |             |             |             |
| acquisition | the PRB     |             |             |             |
|             | used for    |             |             |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | OFDM        |             | l~0~ = 12   |             |
|             | symbols in  |             |             |             |
|             | the PRB     |             |             |             |
|             | used for    |             |             |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | Same as     |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             | number of   |             |
|             | ports (X)   |             | transmit    |             |
|             |             |             | antenna     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CDM Type    |             | For number  |             |
|             |             |             | of Tx=1:    |             |
|             |             |             | 'No CDM'    |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | For number  |             |
|             |             |             | of Tx\>1:   |             |
|             |             |             | \'FD-CDM2\' |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Density (ρ) |             | 1           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CSI-RS      |             | 15 kHz SCS: |             |
|             | periodicity |             | 20          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 30 kHz SCS: |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CSI-RS      |             | 0           |             |
|             | offset      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Frequency   |             | Start PRB 0 |             |
|             | Occupation  |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | Number of   |             |
|             |             |             | PRB = BWP   |             |
|             |             |             | size        |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |             |
|             |             |             | \#1         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| ZP CSI-RS   | Subcarrier  |             | k~0~ = 0    |             |
| for CSI     | indexes in  |             |             |             |
| acquisition | the PRB     |             |             |             |
|             | used for    |             |             |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | OFDM        |             | l~0~ = 12   |             |
|             | symbols in  |             |             |             |
|             | the PRB     |             |             |             |
|             | used for    |             |             |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 4           |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             |             |             |
|             | ports (X)   |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CDM Type    |             | \'FD-CDM2\' |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Density (ρ) |             | 1           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CSI-RS      |             | 15 kHz SCS: |             |
|             | periodicity |             | 20          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 30 kHz SCS: |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CSI-RS      |             | 0           |             |
|             | offset      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Frequency   |             | Start PRB 0 |             |
|             | Occupation  |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | Number of   |             |
|             |             |             | PRB = BWP   |             |
|             |             |             | size        |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#0     |
| \#0         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#1         | information | resource    |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking\'  |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Maximum     |             | 1           |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| code block  |             |             |             |             |
| groups for  |             |             |             |             |
| ACK/NACK    |             |             |             |             |
| feedback    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Maximum     |             | 4           |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| HARQ        |             |             |             |             |
| t           |             |             |             |             |
| ransmission |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| HARQ        |             | Multiplexed |             |             |
| ACK/NACK    |             |             |             |             |
| bundling    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Redundancy  |             | {0,2,3,1}   |             |             |
| version     |             |             |             |             |
| coding      |             |             |             |             |
| sequence    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH &     |             | For number  |             |             |
| PDSCH DMRS  |             | of Tx=1: No |             |             |
| Precoding   |             | precoding;  |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             | For number  |             |             |
|             |             | of Tx\>1:   |             |             |
|             |             | Single      |             |             |
|             |             | Panel Type  |             |             |
|             |             | I,          |             |             |
|             |             | Randomized  |             |             |
|             |             | precoder    |             |             |
|             |             | selection   |             |             |
|             |             | for every   |             |             |
|             |             | PRB bundle  |             |             |
|             |             | and updated |             |             |
|             |             | per slot    |             |             |
|             |             | with equal  |             |             |
|             |             | probability |             |             |
|             |             | of each     |             |             |
|             |             | applicable  |             |             |
|             |             | i~1~, i~2~  |             |             |
|             |             | combination |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Symbols for |             | OCNG Annex  |             |             |
| all unused  |             | A.5         |             |             |
| REs         |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Propagation |             | Static      |             |             |
| condition   |             | propagation |             |             |
|             |             | condition   |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             | No external |             |             |
|             |             | noise       |             |             |
|             |             | sources are |             |             |
|             |             | applied     |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Antenna     | 1 layer CCs |             | 1x2 or 1x4  |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 2 layers    |             | 2x2 or 2x4  |             |
|             | CCs         |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 4 layers    |             | 4x4         |             |
|             | CCs         |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Physical    |             | As          |             |             |
| signals,    |             | specified   |             |             |
| channels    |             | in Annex    |             |             |
| mapping and |             | B.4.1       |             |             |
| precoding   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Es          | dBm/Hz      | -112 for    |             |             |
|             |             | MCS indexes |             |             |
|             |             | in Table    |             |             |
|             |             | 5.5.1.3-5:  |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             | -110.5 For  |             |             |
|             |             | 1024QAM MCS |             |             |
|             |             | indexes in  |             |             |
|             |             | Table       |             |             |
|             |             | 5.5.2.3-1:  |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Note 1: UE  |             |             |             |             |
| assumes     |             |             |             |             |
| that the    |             |             |             |             |
| TCI state   |             |             |             |             |
| for the     |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH is    |             |             |             |             |
| identical   |             |             |             |             |
| to the TCI  |             |             |             |             |
| state       |             |             |             |             |
| applied for |             |             |             |             |
| the PDCCH   |             |             |             |             |
| t           |             |             |             |             |
| ransmission |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| Note 2:     |             |             |             |             |
| Point A     |             |             |             |             |
| coincides   |             |             |             |             |
| with        |             |             |             |             |
| minimum     |             |             |             |             |
| guard band  |             |             |             |             |
| as          |             |             |             |             |
| specified   |             |             |             |             |
| in Table    |             |             |             |             |
| 5.3.3-1     |             |             |             |             |
| from TS     |             |             |             |             |
| 38.101-1    |             |             |             |             |
| \[2\] for   |             |             |             |             |
| tested      |             |             |             |             |
| channel     |             |             |             |             |
| bandwidth   |             |             |             |             |
| and         |             |             |             |             |
| subcarrier  |             |             |             |             |
| spacing     |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Table 5.5.1.3-2: Additional test parameters for FDD band

  Parameter                  Unit                  Value   
  -------------------------- --------------------- ------- ----
  Duplex mode                                      FDD     
  PDSCH configuration        Starting symbol (S)           1
                             Length (L)                    13
  Number of HARQ Processes                         4       
  K1 value                                         2       

Table 5.5.1.3-3: Additional test parameters for TDD band

+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+----+
| Parameter          | Unit               | Value              |    |
+====================+====================+====================+====+
| Duplex mode        |                    | TDD                |    |
+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+----+
| PDSCH              | Starting symbol    |                    | 1  |
| configuration      | (S)                |                    |    |
+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+----+
|                    | Length (L)         |                    | 13 |
+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+----+
| Number of HARQ     |                    | 8                  |    |
| Processes          |                    |                    |    |
+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+----+
| K1 value           |                    | Specific to each   |    |
|                    |                    | UL-DL pattern      |    |
+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+----+
| TDD UL-DL pattern  |                    | 15 kHz SCS:        |    |
|                    |                    | FR1.15-1           |    |
|                    |                    |                    |    |
|                    |                    | 30 kHz SCS:        |    |
|                    |                    | FR1.30-1           |    |
+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+----+
| Note 1: PDSCH is   |                    |                    |    |
| scheduled only on  |                    |                    |    |
| full DL slots      |                    |                    |    |
+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+----+

Table 5.5.1.3-4: Number of PRBs in CORESET

  ----------- ------ ------- ------- -------- -------- -------- -------- ------- -------- -------- ---------
  SCS (kHz)   5MHz   10MHz   15MHz   20 MHz   25 MHz   30 MHz   40 MHz   50MHz   60 MHz   80 MHz   100 MHz
  15          24     48      78      102      132      156      216      270     N/A      N/A      N/A
  30          6      24      36      48       60       78       102      132     162      216      270
  ----------- ------ ------- ------- -------- -------- -------- -------- ------- -------- -------- ---------

Table 5.5.1.3-5: MCS indexes for indicated UE capabilities

+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| Maximum number of | Maximum           | Scaling factor | MCS |
| PDSCH MIMO layers | modulation format |                |     |
+===================+===================+================+=====+
| 1                 | 8                 | 1              | 26  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 8                 | 0.8            | 21  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 8                 | 0.75           | 20  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 8                 | 0.4            | 11  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 6                 | 1              | 27  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 6                 | 0.8            | 23  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 6                 | 0.75           | 22  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 6                 | 0.4            | 14  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 4                 | 1              | 16  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 4                 | 0.8            | 16  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 4                 | 0.75           | 16  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 4                 | 0.4            | 10  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 2                 | 1              | 9   |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 2                 | 0.8            | 9   |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 2                 | 0.75           | 9   |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 2                 | 0.4            | 4   |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 8                 | 1              | 26  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 8                 | 0.8            | 21  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 8                 | 0.75           | 20  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 8                 | 0.4            | 11  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 6                 | 1              | 27  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 6                 | 0.8            | 23  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 6                 | 0.75           | 22  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 6                 | 0.4            | 14  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 4                 | 1              | 16  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 4                 | 0.8            | 16  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 4                 | 0.75           | 16  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 4                 | 0.4            | 10  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 2                 | 1              | 9   |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 2                 | 0.8            | 9   |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 2                 | 0.75           | 9   |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 2                 | 0.4            | 4   |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 8                 | 1              | 26  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 8                 | 0.8            | 23  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 8                 | 0.75           | 22  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 8                 | 0.4            | 12  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 6                 | 1              | 27  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 6                 | 0.8            | 24  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 6                 | 0.75           | 23  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 6                 | 0.4            | 14  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 4                 | 1              | 16  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 4                 | 0.8            | 16  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 4                 | 0.75           | 16  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 4                 | 0.4            | 11  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 2                 | 1              | 9   |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 2                 | 0.8            | 9   |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 2                 | 0.75           | 9   |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 2                 | 0.4            | 5   |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| Note 1: MCS Index |                   |                |     |
| for maximum       |                   |                |     |
| modulation format |                   |                |     |
| 2,4 and 6 is      |                   |                |     |
| based on MCS      |                   |                |     |
| index table 1     |                   |                |     |
| defined in clause |                   |                |     |
| 5.1.3.1 of TS     |                   |                |     |
| 38.214 \[12\]     |                   |                |     |
|                   |                   |                |     |
| Note 2: MCS Index |                   |                |     |
| for maximum       |                   |                |     |
| modulation format |                   |                |     |
| 8 is based on MCS |                   |                |     |
| index table 2     |                   |                |     |
| defined in clause |                   |                |     |
| 5.1.3.1 of TS     |                   |                |     |
| 38.214 \[12\]     |                   |                |     |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+

##### 5.5.1.3.1 Procedure for test parameter selection {#procedure-for-test-parameter-selection .H6}

Below test parameter selection procedure is from 38.101-4 \[5\] by
replacing CA configuration with operating band, and bandwidth instead of
bandwidth combination.

The test parameters are determined by the following procedure:

\- Select one operating band among all supported operating bands and set
of per band UE capabilities among all supported UE capabilities that
provides the largest data rate TS 38.306 \[14\], Section 4.1.2.

\- Set of per band UE capabilities includes channel bandwidth,
subcarrier spacing, number of PDSCH MIMO layers, modulation format and
scaling factor TS 38.306 \[14\], Section 4.1.2.

\- When there are multiple sets of bandwidths and UE capabilities
(channel bandwidth, subcarrier spacing, number of MIMO layer, modulation
format, scaling factor) with same largest data rate, select one among
sets with the smallest channel bandwidth.

\- For each operating band, use Table 5.5.1.3-5 to determine MCS based
on test parameters and indicated UE capabilities

Pasting relevant portion of max data rate equation from TS 38.306 \[14\]
section 4.1

For NR, the approximate data rate for a given number of aggregated
carriers in a band or band combination is computed as follows.

wherein

J is the number of aggregated component carriers in a band or band
combination

R~max~ = 948/1024

For the j-th CC,

![](./media/image16.wmf){width="0.3333333333333333in"
height="0.3055555555555556in"} is the maximum number of supported layers
given by higher layer parameter *maxNumberMIMO-LayersPDSCH* for downlink
and maximum of higher layer parameters *maxNumberMIMO-LayersCB-PUSCH*
and *maxNumberMIMO-LayersNonCB-PUSCH* for uplink.

is the maximum supported modulation order given by higher layer
parameter *supportedModulationOrderDL* for downlink and higher layer
parameter *supportedModulationOrderUL* for uplink.

is the scaling factor given by higher layer parameter *scalingFactor*
and can take the values 1, 0.8, 0.75, and 0.4.

is the numerology (as defined in TS 38.211 \[6\])

is the average OFDM symbol duration in a subframe for numerology , i.e.
. Note that normal cyclic prefix is assumed.

is the maximum RB allocation in bandwidth with numerology , as defined
in 5.3 TS 38.101-1 \[2\] and 5.3 TS 38.101-2 \[3\], where is the UE
supported maximum bandwidth in the given band or band combination.

is the overhead and takes the following values

0.14, for frequency range FR1 for DL

0.18, for frequency range FR2 for DL

0.08, for frequency range FR1 for UL

0.10, for frequency range FR2 for UL

NOTE: Only one of the UL or SUL carriers (the one with the higher data
rate) is counted for a cell operating SUL.

The approximate maximum data rate can be computed as the maximum of the
approximate data rates computed using the above formula for each of the
supported band or band combinations.

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.5.1.

##### 5.5.1.4 Test description {#test-description-125 .H6}

##### 5.5.1.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-114 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 of TS 38.521-1.

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

1\. Connect the SS to the UE antenna connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1
\[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1, A.3.1.7.4 and A.3.1.7.5 for TE
diagram (without fader and AWGN) for 2Rx and 4Rx respectively and clause
A.3.2.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the NR cell are initially set up
according to Table 5.5.1.3-1 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for the NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2, C.3.1, and uplink signals according to Annexes
G.0, G.1, G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions for the NR cell are set according to Annex
B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR with *Connected without release On, Test Loop
Function On with UE Test Loop Mode A with UL\_PDCP\_SDU\_SIZE = 0*
according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.5.4. Message content are defined
in clause 5.5.1.4.3.

6\. SS shall transmit UECapabilityEnquiry message.

7\. The UE shall transmit UECapabilityInformation message.

8\. Using the UE capabilities advertised in the
*UE-CapabilityRAT-Container* of the type *UE-NR-Capability,* and the
procedure outlined in 5.5.1.3.1 determine one set of parameters that
would provide the largest data rate.

9\. Setup up the NR cell using these parameters for the test.

10\. Configure the TBsize, DL RMC, UL RMC, PDCP size from Annex A.3.2\_1
and Annex A.2.2 for UL as appropriate.

##### 5.5.1.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-114 .H6}

1\. SS configures T-reordering timer to be infinity.

2\. SS sends a PDCP reestablishment via RRC Reconfiguration message
requesting for PDCP Status Report.

3\. SS sets the counters N~DL\_newtx~ N~DL\_retx~ to 0.

4\. For each new DL HARQ transmission the SS generates sufficient PDCP
SDUs (max PDCP SDU size and minimum number of consecutive PDCP SDUs) to
fill up the TB in accordance with Annex A.3.2\_1. The SS ciphers the
PDCP SDUs, concatenates the resultant PDCP PDUs to form an RLC PDU and
then a MAC PDU. The SS transmits the MAC PDU. The SS increments then
N~DL\_newtx~ by one

5\. If PHY requests a DL HARQ retransmission, the SS performs a HARQ
retransmission and increments N~DL\_retx~ by one.

6\. Steps 4 to 5 are repeated at every TTI for at least 300 frames and
the SS waits for 300ms to let any HARQ retransmissions and RLC
retransmissions to finish.

7\. SS sends a PDCP reestablishment via RRC Reconfiguration message
requesting for PDCP Status Report.

8\. The SS calculates the TB success rate as A = 100%\* NDL\_correct\_rx
/ (N~DL\_newtx~ + N~DL\_retx~).

10\. SS computes the PDCP SDU loss by looking into the FMC and Bitmap
field in the PDCP Status Report. PDCP SDU loss B = COUNT reported in the
Bitmap field of PDCP Stata Report.

11\. The UE passes the test if A ≥ 85% TB success rates and B = 0.

Note 1: In case of RLC PDU retransmission, the number of new required
PDCP SDUs is as many as to fill the rest of TB.

##### 5.5.1.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-110 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 5.4.2 with
the following exceptions

Table 5.5.1.4.3-0: CLOSE UE TEST LOOP (in the preamble)

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: 38.509    |                 |                 |           |
| clause 6.3.1    |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Protocol        | 1 1 1 1         |                 |           |
| discriminator   |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Skip indicator  | 0 0 0 0         |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Message type    | 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| UE test loop    | 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 | UE test loop    |           |
| mode            |                 | mode A          |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| UE test loop    |                 |                 |           |
| mode A LB setup |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Length of UE    | 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 | Length of one   |           |
| test loop mode  |                 | LB setup DRB (3 |           |
| A LB setup list |                 | bytes)          |           |
| in bytes        |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| LB setup DRB    | 0 0 0 0 0 0 0   | UL PDCP SDU     |           |
|                 | 0,              | size = 0        |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 0 0 0 0 0 0 0   | Q5 = 1 (for NR  |           |
|                 | 0,              | Data Radio      |           |
|                 |                 | Bearers)        |           |
|                 | 0 0 Q5 Q4 Q3 Q2 |                 |           |
|                 | Q1 Q0           | Q4..Q0 = Data   |           |
|                 |                 | Radio Bearer    |           |
|                 |                 | identity number |           |
|                 |                 | -1 for the      |           |
|                 |                 | radio bearer.   |           |
|                 |                 | See 38.509      |           |
|                 |                 | clause 6.3.1    |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| UE test loop    | Not present     |                 |           |
| mode B LB setup |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.5.1.4.3-1 to -6: Void

Table 5.5.1.4.3-7: RadioBearerConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], clause 4.6.3-132                                                       
  ------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------------------------- --------- -----------------------------
  Information Element                                          Value/remark                        Comment   Condition
  RadioBearerConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                           
  drb-ToAddModList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxDRB)) OF SEQUENCE {   1 entry                                       DRB1
  cnAssociation CHOICE {                                                                                     
  sdap-Config                                                  SDAP-Config                                   
  }                                                                                                          
  drb-Identity                                                 DRB-Identity using condition DRB1             
  reestablishPDCP                                              true                                          DRB1 AND Re-establish\_PDCP
  pdcp-Config                                                  PDCP-Config                                   
  }                                                                                                          

Table 5.5.1.4.3-8: *PDCP-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-99                            
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDCP-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                    
  drb SEQUENCE {                                                                
  discardTimer                                         infinity                 
  pdcp-SN-Size-UL                                      len18bits                
  pdcp-SN-Size-DL                                      len18bits                
  headerCompression CHOICE {                                                    
  notUsed                                              Null                     
  }                                                                             
  integrityProtection                                  Not present              
  statusReportRequired                                 true                     
  outOfOrderDelivery                                   Not present              
  }                                                                             
  t-Reordering                                         Not present              
  }                                                                             

##### 5.5.1.5 Test requirement {#test-requirement-118 .H6}

The PDCP SDU success rate of greater than 85% shall be sustained during
at least 300 frames.

### 5.5.2 FR1 Sustained downlink data rate performance for single carrier with DL1024QAM

Editor\'s Note: Following aspects needs further investigation.

\- DL EVM of \<= 2.5% for f \> 4.2 GHz pending further analysis by the
TE vendors

##### 5.5.2.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-126 .H6}

The purpose of the test is to verify that the Layer 1 and Layer 2
correctly process in a sustained manner the received packets
corresponding to the maximum data rate indicated by UE's that support
DL1024QAM capability*.* The sustained downlink data rate shall be
verified in terms of the success rate of delivered PDCP SDU(s) by Layer
2. The test case below specifies the RF conditions and the required
success rate of delivered TB by Layer 1 to meet the sustained data rate
requirement.

##### 5.5.2.2 Test Applicability {#test-applicability-126 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward that
support DL1024QAM.

##### 5.5.2.3 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-107 .H6}

Same as in Clause 5.5.1.3 with the addition of Table 5.5.2.3-1 for
DL1024QAM.

Table 5.5.2.3-1: 1024QAM MCS indexes for indicated UE capabilities

+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+-----+
| Supported RX  | Maximum       | Maximum       | Scaling       | MCS |
|               | number of     | modulation    | factor        |     |
| antenna ports | PDSCH MIMO    | format        |               |     |
|               | layers        |               |               |     |
+===============+===============+===============+===============+=====+
| 2RX           | 1             | 10            | 1             | 23  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+-----+
|               | 1             | 10            | 0.8           | 21  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+-----+
|               | 1             | 10            | 0.75          | 19  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+-----+
|               | 1             | 10            | 0.4           | 9   |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+-----+
| 4RX           | 1             | 10            | 1             | 24  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+-----+
|               | 1             | 10            | 0.8           | 21  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+-----+
|               | 1             | 10            | 0.75          | 19  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+-----+
|               | 1             | 10            | 0.4           | 9   |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+-----+
|               | 2             | 10            | 1             | 23  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+-----+
|               | 2             | 10            | 0.8           | 21  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+-----+
|               | 2             | 10            | 0.75          | 19  |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+-----+
|               | 2             | 10            | 0.4           | 9   |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+-----+
| Note 1: MCS   |               |               |               |     |
| Index for     |               |               |               |     |
| maximum       |               |               |               |     |
| modulation    |               |               |               |     |
| format 10 is  |               |               |               |     |
| based on MCS  |               |               |               |     |
| index Table 4 |               |               |               |     |
| defined in    |               |               |               |     |
| clause        |               |               |               |     |
| 5.1.3.1 of TS |               |               |               |     |
| 38.214 \[12\] |               |               |               |     |
|               |               |               |               |     |
| Note 2: For   |               |               |               |     |
| the band(s)   |               |               |               |     |
| on which UE   |               |               |               |     |
| supporting    |               |               |               |     |
| "Maximum      |               |               |               |     |
| modulation    |               |               |               |     |
| format" of    |               |               |               |     |
| 10, with 2 RX |               |               |               |     |
| and 2 MIMO    |               |               |               |     |
| layers, the   |               |               |               |     |
| MCS index is  |               |               |               |     |
| derived from  |               |               |               |     |
| the rows with |               |               |               |     |
| "Maximum      |               |               |               |     |
| modulation    |               |               |               |     |
| format" of 8  |               |               |               |     |
| in Table      |               |               |               |     |
| 5.5.1.3-5     |               |               |               |     |
+---------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+-----+

##### 5.5.2.3.1 Procedure for test parameter selection {#procedure-for-test-parameter-selection-1 .H6}

Below test parameter selection procedure is from 38.101-4 \[5\] by
replacing CA configuration with operating band, and bandwidth instead of
bandwidth combination.

The test parameters are determined by the following procedure:

\- Select one operating band among all supported operating bands and set
of per band UE capabilities supporting 1024QAM (*pdsch-1024QAM-FR1*)
among all supported UE capabilities that provides the largest data rate
\[TS 38.306 \[14, Section 4.1.2\]\].

\- Set of per band UE capabilities includes channel bandwidth,
subcarrier spacing, number of PDSCH MIMO layers, modulation format and
scaling factor \[TS 38.306 \[14, Section 4.1.2\]\].

\- When there are multiple sets of bandwidths and UE capabilities
(channel bandwidth, subcarrier spacing, number of MIMO layer, modulation
format, scaling factor) with same largest data rate, select one among
sets with the smallest channel bandwidth.

\- For a UE capable of 1024QAM (*pdsch-1024QAM-FR1*), for each operating
band, use Table 5.5.2.3-1 to determine MCS based on test parameters and
indicated UE capabilities if the maximum modulation format is 10.

##### 5.5.2.4 Test description {#test-description-126 .H6}

##### 5.5.2.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-115 .H6}

Same as in Clause 5.5.1.4.1.

##### 5.5.2.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-115 .H6}

Same as in Clause 5.5.1.4.2.

##### 5.5.2.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-111 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 5.4.2 with
the following exceptions:

Table 5.5.2.4.3-1: PDSCH-Config

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 Table 5.4.2.0-26                            
  ----------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                             Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                              
  mcs-Table-r17                                   qam1024                  
  }                                                                        

##### 5.5.2.5 Test requirement {#test-requirement-119 .H6}

Same as in Clause 5.5.1.5.

### 5.5.3 FR1 Sustained downlink data rate performance for RedCap

##### 5.5.3.1 Test Purpose {#test-purpose-127 .H6}

The purpose of the test is to verify that the Layer 1 and Layer 2
correctly process in a sustained manner the received packets
corresponding to the maximum data rate indicated by UE capabilities*.*
The sustained downlink data rate shall be verified in terms of the
success rate of delivered PDCP SDU(s) by Layer 2. The test case below
specifies the RF conditions and the required success rate of delivered
TB by Layer 1 to meet the sustained data rate requirement.

##### 5.5.3.2 Test Applicability {#test-applicability-127 .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 17 and forward that
support NR RedCap.

##### 5.5.3.3 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-108 .H6}

Same as in Clause 5.5.1.3 except that the MIMO layers are configured to
2 for UE supporting 2 MIMO layers and 1 for UE supporting 1 MIMO layers
for all operating bands. Antenna configuration is 1x1 for UE supporting
1 layer and 2x2 for UE supporting 2 layers.

For RedCap UE with HD-FDD mode, the additional test parameters are
specified in Table 5.5.3.3-1.

Table 5.5.3.3-1: Additional test parameters for HD-FDD single carrier

+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+----+
| **Parameter**      | **Unit**           | **Value**          |    |
+====================+====================+====================+====+
| Duplex mode        |                    | HD-FDD             |    |
+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+----+
| PDSCH              | Starting symbol    |                    | 1  |
| configuration      | (S)                |                    |    |
+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+----+
|                    | Length (L)         |                    | 13 |
+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+----+
| Number of HARQ     |                    | 4                  |    |
| Processes          |                    |                    |    |
+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+----+
| Full DL slots      |                    | For slots i, if    |    |
| (Note 1, Note 2)   |                    | mod(i, 5) =        |    |
|                    |                    | {0,1,2}            |    |
+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+----+
| K1 value (Note 2)  |                    | 4 if mod(i, 5) = 0 |    |
|                    |                    |                    |    |
|                    |                    | 3 if mod(i, 5) = 1 |    |
|                    |                    |                    |    |
|                    |                    | 2 if mod(i, 5) = 2 |    |
+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+----+
| Note 1: PDSCH is   |                    |                    |    |
| scheduled only on  |                    |                    |    |
| full DL slots.     |                    |                    |    |
|                    |                    |                    |    |
| Note 2: i is the   |                    |                    |    |
| slot index per     |                    |                    |    |
| frame; i = {1, 2,  |                    |                    |    |
| ..., 19}.          |                    |                    |    |
+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+----+

##### 5.5.3.3.1 Procedure for test parameter selection {#procedure-for-test-parameter-selection-2 .H6}

##### Same as in Clause 5.5.1.3.1. {#same-as-in-clause-5.5.1.3.1. .H6}

##### 5.5.3.4 Test description {#test-description-127 .H6}

##### 5.5.3.4.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-116 .H6}

##### Same as in Clause 5.5.1.4.1. {#same-as-in-clause-5.5.1.4.1. .H6}

##### 5.5.3.4.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-116 .H6}

##### Same as in Clause 5.5.1.4.2. {#same-as-in-clause-5.5.1.4.2. .H6}

##### 5.5.3.4.3 Message contents {#message-contents-112 .H6}

##### Same as in Clause 5.5.1.4.3 with following exceptions : {#same-as-in-clause-5.5.1.4.3-with-following-exceptions .H6}

> \- Table 5.5.1.4.3-8 is replaced by Table 5.5.3.4.3-8.

Table 5.5.3.4.3-8: *PDCP-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-99                            
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDCP-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                    
  drb SEQUENCE {                                                                
  discardTimer                                         infinity                 
  pdcp-SN-Size-UL                                      len12bits                
  pdcp-SN-Size-DL                                      len12bits                
  headerCompression CHOICE {                                                    
  notUsed                                              Null                     
  }                                                                             
  integrityProtection                                  Not present              
  statusReportRequired                                 true                     
  outOfOrderDelivery                                   Not present              
  }                                                                             
  t-Reordering                                         Not present              
  }                                                                             

#####  {#section-2 .H6}

##### 5.5.3.5 Test requirement {#test-requirement-120 .H6}

Same as in Clause 5.5.1.5.

### 5.5A.1 FR1 Sustained downlink data rate performance for carrier aggregation

##### 5.5A.1.1 FR1 SDR performance for CA (2DL CA)

##### 5.5A.1.1.1 Test Purpose {#a.1.1.1-test-purpose .H6}

The purpose of the test is to verify that the Layer 1 and Layer 2
correctly process in a sustained manner the received packets
corresponding to the maximum data rate indicated by UE capabilities*.*
The sustained downlink data rate shall be verified in terms of the
success rate of delivered PDCP SDU(s) by Layer 2. The test case below
specifies the RF conditions and the required success rate of delivered
TB by Layer 1 to meet the sustained data rate requirement.

##### 5.5A.1.1.2 Test applicability {#a.1.1.2-test-applicability .H6}

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward that
supports 2DL CA

##### 5.5A.1.1.3 Minimum conformance requirements {#a.1.1.3-minimum-conformance-requirements .H6}

The Sustained Data Rate (SDR) requirements in this clause are applicable
to the FR1 CA.

The TB success rate shall be higher than 85% when PDSCH is scheduled
with MCS defined for the selected CA bandwidth combination and with the
downlink physical channel setup according to Annex C.2.1.

The TB success rate is defined as 100%\*NDL\_correct\_rx / (NDL\_newtx +
NDL\_retx), where NDL\_newtx is the number of newly transmitted DL
transport blocks, NDL\_retx is the number of retransmitted DL transport
blocks, and NDL\_correct\_rx is the number of correctly received DL
transport blocks.

The common test parameters are specified in Table 5.5A.1.1.3-1. The
parameters specified in Table 5.5A.1.1.3-2 are applicable for tests on
FDD CCs and parameters specified in Table 5.5A.1.1.3-3 are applicable
for tests on TDD CCs.

Unless otherwise stated, no user data is scheduled on slot \#0, 10 and
11 within 20 ms for SCS 15 kHz.

Unless otherwise stated, no user data is scheduled on slot \#0, 20 and
21 within 20 ms for SCS 30 kHz.

Table 5.5A.1.1.3-1: Common test parameters for FDD and TDD component
carriers

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Parameter   | Unit        | Value       |             |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| PDSCH       |             | T           |             |             |
| t           |             | ransmission |             |             |
| ransmission |             | scheme 1    |             |             |
| scheme      |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| EPRE ratio  | dB          | N/A         |             |             |
| of PTRS to  |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH       |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Channel     | MHz         | Channel     |             |             |
| bandwidth   |             | bandwidth   |             |             |
|             |             | from        |             |             |
|             |             | selected CA |             |             |
|             |             | bandwidth   |             |             |
|             |             | combination |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Common      | Physical    |             | 0           |             |
| serving     | Cell ID     |             |             |             |
| cell        |             |             |             |             |
| parameters  |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | SSB         |             | First SSB   |             |
|             | position in |             | in Slot \#0 |             |
|             | burst       |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | SSB         | ms          | 20          |             |
|             | periodicity |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | First DMRS  |             | 2           |             |
|             | position    |             |             |             |
|             | for Type A  |             |             |             |
|             | PDSCH       |             |             |             |
|             | mapping     |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Cross       |             | Not         |             |             |
| carrier     |             | configured  |             |             |
| scheduling  |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Active DL   |             | 1           |             |             |
| BWP index   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Actual      | Offset      | RBs         | 0           |             |
| carrier     | between     |             |             |             |
| co          | Point A and |             |             |             |
| nfiguration | the lowest  |             |             |             |
|             | usable      |             |             |             |
|             | subcarrier  |             |             |             |
|             | on this     |             |             |             |
|             | carrier     |             |             |             |
|             | (Note 2)    |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Subcarrier  | kHz         | 15 or 30    |             |
|             | spacing     |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| DL BWP      | RB offset   | RBs         | 0           |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
| \#1         |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | Maximum     |             |
|             | contiguous  |             | t           |             |
|             | PRB         |             | ransmission |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidth   |             |
|             |             |             | co          |             |
|             |             |             | nfiguration |             |
|             |             |             | as          |             |
|             |             |             | specified   |             |
|             |             |             | in clause   |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.2 of TS |             |
|             |             |             | 38.101-1    |             |
|             |             |             | \[2\] for   |             |
|             |             |             | tested      |             |
|             |             |             | channel     |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidth   |             |
|             |             |             | and         |             |
|             |             |             | subcarrier  |             |
|             |             |             | spacing     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Subcarrier  | kHz         | 15 or 30    |             |
|             | spacing     |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Cyclic      |             | Normal      |             |
|             | prefix      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDCCH       | Slots for   |             | Each slot   |             |
| co          | PDCCH       |             |             |             |
| nfiguration | monitoring  |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Symbols     |             | Symbols \#0 |             |
|             | with PDCCH  |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | Table       |             |
|             | PRBs in     |             | 5           |             |
|             | CORESET     |             | .5A.1.1.3-4 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 2/AL2 for   |             |
|             | PDCCH       |             | 15 kHz / 5  |             |
|             | candidates  |             | MHz and 30  |             |
|             | and         |             | kHz / 15    |             |
|             | aggregation |             | MHz         |             |
|             | levels      |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 2/AL4 for   |             |
|             |             |             | 15 kHz / 10 |             |
|             |             |             | MHz, 30 kHz |             |
|             |             |             | / 10 MHz    |             |
|             |             |             | and 30 kHz  |             |
|             |             |             | / 20 MHz    |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 2/AL8 for   |             |
|             |             |             | other       |             |
|             |             |             | greater     |             |
|             |             |             | c           |             |
|             |             |             | ombinations |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CCE-to-REG  |             | Non-        |             |
|             | mapping     |             | interleaved |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | DCI format  |             | 1\_1        |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | TCI State   |             | TCI state   |             |
|             |             |             | \#1         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PDCCH &     |             | For number  |             |
|             | PDCCH DMRS  |             | of Tx=1: No |             |
|             | Precoding   |             | pr          |             |
|             | co          |             | ecoding;For |             |
|             | nfiguration |             | number of   |             |
|             |             |             | Tx=2:       |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | Single      |             |
|             |             |             | Panel Type  |             |
|             |             |             | I,          |             |
|             |             |             | Randomized  |             |
|             |             |             | precoder    |             |
|             |             |             | selection   |             |
|             |             |             | for every   |             |
|             |             |             | REG bundle  |             |
|             |             |             | and updated |             |
|             |             |             | per slot    |             |
|             |             |             | with equal  |             |
|             |             |             | probability |             |
|             |             |             | of precoder |             |
|             |             |             | indices 0   |             |
|             |             |             | and 2       |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | For number  |             |
|             |             |             | of Tx=4:    |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | Single      |             |
|             |             |             | Panel Type  |             |
|             |             |             | I,          |             |
|             |             |             | Randomized  |             |
|             |             |             | precoder    |             |
|             |             |             | selection   |             |
|             |             |             | for every   |             |
|             |             |             | REG bundle  |             |
|             |             |             | and updated |             |
|             |             |             | per slot    |             |
|             |             |             | with equal  |             |
|             |             |             | probability |             |
|             |             |             | of i\_1,1   |             |
|             |             |             | in          |             |
|             |             |             | {1          |             |
|             |             |             | ,2,3,5,6,7} |             |
|             |             |             | and i\_2 in |             |
|             |             |             | {0,2}       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH       | Mapping     |             | Type A      |             |
| co          | type        |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | k0          |             | 0           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PDSCH       |             | 1           |             |
|             | aggregation |             |             |             |
|             | factor      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | Static      |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | PRB         |             | wideband    |             |
|             | bundling    |             |             |             |
|             | size        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Resource    |             | Type 0      |             |
|             | allocation  |             |             |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | Non-        |             |
|             | mapping     |             | interleaved |             |
|             | type        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | VRB-to-PRB  |             | N/A         |             |
|             | mapping     |             |             |             |
|             | interleaver |             |             |             |
|             | bundle size |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH DMRS  | DMRS Type   |             | Type 1      |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 1           |             |
|             | additional  |             |             |             |
|             | DMRS        |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Length      |             | 1           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Antenna     |             | {1000} for  |             |
|             | ports       |             | 1 Layer     |             |
|             | indexes     |             | CCs\        |             |
|             |             |             | {1000,      |             |
|             |             |             | 1001} for 2 |             |
|             |             |             | Layers CCs  |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | {1000 --    |             |
|             |             |             | 1003} for 4 |             |
|             |             |             | Layers CCs  |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 1 for 1     |             |
|             | PDSCH DMRS  |             | layer and 2 |             |
|             | CDM         |             | layers CCs  |             |
|             | group(s)    |             |             |             |
|             | without     |             | 2 for 4     |             |
|             | data        |             | Layers CCs  |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PTRS        |             | PTRS is not |             |             |
| co          |             | configured  |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CSI-RS for  | Subcarrier  |             | k~0~ = 3    |             |
| tracking    | indexes in  |             | for CSI-RS  |             |
|             | the PRB     |             | resource    |             |
|             | used for    |             | 1,2,3,4     |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | OFDM        |             | l~0~ = 6    |             |
|             | symbols in  |             | for CSI-RS  |             |
|             | the PRB     |             | resource 1  |             |
|             | used for    |             | and 3       |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | l~0~ = 10   |             |
|             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |             |
|             |             |             | resource 2  |             |
|             |             |             | and 4       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 1 for       |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             | ports (X)   |             | resource    |             |
|             |             |             | 1,2,3,4     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CDM Type    |             | \'No CDM\'  |             |
|             |             |             | for CSI-RS  |             |
|             |             |             | resource    |             |
|             |             |             | 1,2,3,4     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Density (ρ) |             | 3 for       |             |
|             |             |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             |             |             | resource    |             |
|             |             |             | 1,2,3,4     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 15 kHz SCS: |             |
|             | periodicity |             | 20 for      |             |
|             |             |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             |             |             | resource    |             |
|             |             |             | 1,2,3,4     |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 30 kHz SCS: |             |
|             |             |             | 40 for      |             |
|             |             |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             |             |             | resource    |             |
|             |             |             | 1,2,3,4     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CSI-RS      | Slots       | 15 kHz SCS: |             |
|             | offset      |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 10 for      |             |
|             |             |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             |             |             | resource 1  |             |
|             |             |             | and 2       |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 11 for      |             |
|             |             |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             |             |             | resource 3  |             |
|             |             |             | and 4       |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 30 kHz SCS: |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 20 for      |             |
|             |             |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             |             |             | resource 1  |             |
|             |             |             | and 2       |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 21 for      |             |
|             |             |             | CSI-RS      |             |
|             |             |             | resource 3  |             |
|             |             |             | and 4       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Frequency   |             | Start PRB 0 |             |
|             | Occupation  |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | Number of   |             |
|             |             |             | PRB =       |             |
|             |             |             | ceil(BWP    |             |
|             |             |             | size /4)\*4 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |             |
|             |             |             | \#0         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NZP CSI-RS  | Subcarrier  |             | k~0~ = 4    |             |
| for CSI     | indexes in  |             |             |             |
| acquisition | the PRB     |             |             |             |
|             | used for    |             |             |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | OFDM        |             | l~0~ = 12   |             |
|             | symbols in  |             |             |             |
|             | the PRB     |             |             |             |
|             | used for    |             |             |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | Same as     |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             | number of   |             |
|             | ports (X)   |             | transmit    |             |
|             |             |             | antenna     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CDM Type    |             | For number  |             |
|             |             |             | of Tx=1:    |             |
|             |             |             | 'No CDM'    |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | For number  |             |
|             |             |             | of Tx\>1:   |             |
|             |             |             | \'FD-CDM2\' |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Density (ρ) |             | 1           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CSI-RS      |             | 15 kHz SCS: |             |
|             | periodicity |             | 20          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 30 kHz SCS: |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CSI-RS      |             | 0           |             |
|             | offset      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Frequency   |             | Start PRB 0 |             |
|             | Occupation  |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | Number of   |             |
|             |             |             | PRB =       |             |
|             |             |             | ceil(BWP    |             |
|             |             |             | size /4)\*4 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | QCL info    |             | TCI state   |             |
|             |             |             | \#1         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| ZP CSI-RS   | Subcarrier  |             | k~0~ = 0    |             |
| for CSI     | indexes in  |             |             |             |
| acquisition | the PRB     |             |             |             |
|             | used for    |             |             |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | OFDM        |             | l~0~ = 12   |             |
|             | symbols in  |             |             |             |
|             | the PRB     |             |             |             |
|             | used for    |             |             |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Number of   |             | 4           |             |
|             | CSI-RS      |             |             |             |
|             | ports (X)   |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CDM Type    |             | \'FD-CDM2\' |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Density (ρ) |             | 1           |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CSI-RS      |             | 15 kHz SCS: |             |
|             | periodicity |             | 20          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | 30 kHz SCS: |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CSI-RS      |             | 0           |             |
|             | offset      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Frequency   |             | Start PRB 0 |             |
|             | Occupation  |             |             |             |
|             |             |             | Number of   |             |
|             |             |             | PRB =       |             |
|             |             |             | ceil(BWP    |             |
|             |             |             | size/4)\*4  |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | SSB index   |             | SSB \#0     |
| \#0         | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type C      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | SSB index   |             | N/A         |
|             | information |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| TCI state   | Type 1 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | CSI-RS      |
| \#1         | information | resource    |             | resource 1  |
|             |             |             |             | from        |
|             |             |             |             | \'CSI-RS    |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             | tracking\'  |
|             |             |             |             | co          |
|             |             |             |             | nfiguration |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | Type A      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Type 2 QCL  | CSI-RS      |             | N/A         |
|             | information | resource    |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | QCL Type    |             | N/A         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Maximum     |             | 1           |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| code block  |             |             |             |             |
| groups for  |             |             |             |             |
| ACK/NACK    |             |             |             |             |
| feedback    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Maximum     |             | 4           |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| HARQ        |             |             |             |             |
| t           |             |             |             |             |
| ransmission |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| HARQ        |             | Multiplexed |             |             |
| ACK/NACK    |             |             |             |             |
| bundling    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Redundancy  |             | {0,2,3,1}   |             |             |
| version     |             |             |             |             |
| coding      |             |             |             |             |
| sequence    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| PDSCH &     |             | For number  |             |             |
| PDSCH DMRS  |             | of Tx=1: No |             |             |
| Precoding   |             | precoding;  |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             | For number  |             |             |
|             |             | of Tx\>1:   |             |             |
|             |             | Single      |             |             |
|             |             | Panel Type  |             |             |
|             |             | I,          |             |             |
|             |             | Randomized  |             |             |
|             |             | precoder    |             |             |
|             |             | selection   |             |             |
|             |             | for every   |             |             |
|             |             | PRB bundle  |             |             |
|             |             | and updated |             |             |
|             |             | per slot    |             |             |
|             |             | with equal  |             |             |
|             |             | probability |             |             |
|             |             | of each     |             |             |
|             |             | applicable  |             |             |
|             |             | i1/i2       |             |             |
|             |             | combination |             |             |
|             |             | or codebook |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             | index,      |             |             |
|             |             | chosen from |             |             |
|             |             | section     |             |             |
|             |             | 5.2.2.2.1   |             |             |
|             |             | of TS       |             |             |
|             |             | 38.214      |             |             |
|             |             | \[12\]      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Symbols for |             | OP.1 FDD as |             |             |
| all unused  |             | defined in  |             |             |
| REs         |             | Annex       |             |             |
|             |             | A.5.1.1     |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             | OP.1 TDD as |             |             |
|             |             | defined in  |             |             |
|             |             | Annex       |             |             |
|             |             | A.5.2.1     |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Propagation |             | Static      |             |             |
| condition   |             | propagation |             |             |
|             |             | condition   |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             | No external |             |             |
|             |             | noise       |             |             |
|             |             | sources are |             |             |
|             |             | applied     |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Antenna     | 1 layer CCs |             | 1x2 or 1x4  |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 2 layers    |             | 2x2 or 2x4  |             |
|             | CCs         |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 4 layers    |             | 4x4         |             |
|             | CCs         |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Physical    |             | As          |             |             |
| signals,    |             | specified   |             |             |
| channels    |             | in Annex    |             |             |
| mapping and |             | B.4.1       |             |             |
| precoding   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Note 1: UE  |             |             |             |             |
| assumes     |             |             |             |             |
| that the    |             |             |             |             |
| TCI state   |             |             |             |             |
| for the     |             |             |             |             |
| PDSCH is    |             |             |             |             |
| identical   |             |             |             |             |
| to the TCI  |             |             |             |             |
| state       |             |             |             |             |
| applied for |             |             |             |             |
| the PDCCH   |             |             |             |             |
| t           |             |             |             |             |
| ransmission |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| Note 2:     |             |             |             |             |
| Point A     |             |             |             |             |
| coincides   |             |             |             |             |
| with        |             |             |             |             |
| minimum     |             |             |             |             |
| guard band  |             |             |             |             |
| as          |             |             |             |             |
| specified   |             |             |             |             |
| in Table    |             |             |             |             |
| 5.3.3-1     |             |             |             |             |
| from TS     |             |             |             |             |
| 38.101-1    |             |             |             |             |
| \[2\] for   |             |             |             |             |
| tested      |             |             |             |             |
| channel     |             |             |             |             |
| bandwidth   |             |             |             |             |
| and         |             |             |             |             |
| subcarrier  |             |             |             |             |
| spacing     |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Table 5.5A.1.1.3-2: Additional test parameters for FDD CC

  Parameter                  Unit                  Value   
  -------------------------- --------------------- ------- ----
  Duplex mode                                      FDD     
  PDSCH configuration        Starting symbol (S)           1
                             Length (L)                    13
  Number of HARQ Processes                         4       
  K1 value                                         2       

Table 5.5A.1.1.3-3: Additional test parameters for TDD CC

+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+----+
| Parameter          | Unit               | Value              |    |
+====================+====================+====================+====+
| Duplex mode        |                    | TDD                |    |
+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+----+
| PDSCH              | Starting symbol    |                    | 1  |
| configuration      | (S)                |                    |    |
+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+----+
|                    | Length (L)         |                    | 13 |
+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+----+
| Number of HARQ     |                    | 8                  |    |
| Processes          |                    |                    |    |
+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+----+
| K1 value           |                    | Specific to each   |    |
|                    |                    | UL-DL pattern      |    |
+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+----+
| TDD UL-DL pattern  |                    | 15 kHz SCS:        |    |
|                    |                    | FR1.15-1           |    |
|                    |                    |                    |    |
|                    |                    | 30 kHz SCS:        |    |
|                    |                    | FR1.30-1           |    |
+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+----+
| Note 1: PDSCH is   |                    |                    |    |
| scheduled only on  |                    |                    |    |
| full DL slots      |                    |                    |    |
+--------------------+--------------------+--------------------+----+

Table 5.5A.1.1.3-4: Number of PRBs in CORESET

  ----------- ------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- ---------
  SCS (kHz)   5 MHz   10 MHz   15 MHz   20 MHz   25 MHz   30 MHz   35 MHz   40 MHz   45 MHz   50 MHz   60 MHz   80 MHz   100 MHz
  15          24      48       78       102      132      156      186      216      240      270      N/A      N/A      N/A
  30          6       24       36       48       60       78       90       102      114      132      162      216      270
  ----------- ------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- ---------

Table 5.5A.1.1.3-5: MCS indexes for indicated UE capabilities

+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| Maximum number of | Maximum           | Scaling factor | MCS |
| PDSCH MIMO layers | modulation format |                |     |
+===================+===================+================+=====+
| 1                 | 8                 | 1              | 26  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 8                 | 0.8            | 21  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 8                 | 0.75           | 20  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 8                 | 0.4            | 11  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 6                 | 1              | 27  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 6                 | 0.8            | 23  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 6                 | 0.75           | 22  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 6                 | 0.4            | 14  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 4                 | 1              | 16  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 4                 | 0.8            | 16  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 4                 | 0.75           | 16  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 4                 | 0.4            | 10  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 2                 | 1              | 9   |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 2                 | 0.8            | 9   |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 2                 | 0.75           | 9   |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 1                 | 2                 | 0.4            | 4   |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 8                 | 1              | 26  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 8                 | 0.8            | 21  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 8                 | 0.75           | 20  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 8                 | 0.4            | 11  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 6                 | 1              | 27  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 6                 | 0.8            | 23  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 6                 | 0.75           | 22  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 6                 | 0.4            | 14  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 4                 | 1              | 16  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 4                 | 0.8            | 16  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 4                 | 0.75           | 16  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 4                 | 0.4            | 10  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 2                 | 1              | 9   |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 2                 | 0.8            | 9   |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 2                 | 0.75           | 9   |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 2                 | 2                 | 0.4            | 4   |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 8                 | 1              | 26  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 8                 | 0.8            | 23  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 8                 | 0.75           | 22  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 8                 | 0.4            | 12  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 6                 | 1              | 27  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 6                 | 0.8            | 24  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 6                 | 0.75           | 23  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 6                 | 0.4            | 14  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 4                 | 1              | 16  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 4                 | 0.8            | 16  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 4                 | 0.75           | 16  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 4                 | 0.4            | 11  |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 2                 | 1              | 9   |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 2                 | 0.8            | 9   |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 2                 | 0.75           | 9   |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| 4                 | 2                 | 0.4            | 5   |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+
| Note 1: MCS Index |                   |                |     |
| for maximum       |                   |                |     |
| modulation format |                   |                |     |
| 2,4 and 6 is      |                   |                |     |
| based on MCS      |                   |                |     |
| index Table 1     |                   |                |     |
| defined in clause |                   |                |     |
| 5.1.3.1 of TS     |                   |                |     |
| 38.214 \[12\]     |                   |                |     |
|                   |                   |                |     |
| Note 2: MCS Index |                   |                |     |
| for maximum       |                   |                |     |
| modulation format |                   |                |     |
| 8 is based on MCS |                   |                |     |
| index Table 2     |                   |                |     |
| defined in clause |                   |                |     |
| 5.1.3.1 of TS     |                   |                |     |
| 38.214 \[12\]     |                   |                |     |
+-------------------+-------------------+----------------+-----+

##### 5.5A.1.1.3.1 Procedure for test parameter selection {#a.1.1.3.1-procedure-for-test-parameter-selection .H6}

The test parameters are determined by the following procedure:

\- Select one CA bandwidth combination among all supported CA
configurations and set of per component carrier (CC) UE capabilities
among all supported UE capabilities that provides the largest data rate
in accordance with clause 4.1.2 of TS 38.306 \[14\].

\- Set of per CC UE capabilities includes channel bandwidth, subcarrier
spacing, number of PDSCH MIMO layers, modulation format and scaling
factor in accordance with clause 4.1.2 of TS 38.306 \[14\].

\- When there are multiple sets of CA bandwidth combinations and UE
capabilities (channel bandwidth, subcarrier spacing, number of MIMO
layer, modulation format, scaling factor) with same largest data rate,
select one among sets with the smallest aggregated channel bandwidth.

\- For each CC in CA bandwidth combination, use Table 5.5A.1.1.3-5 to
determine MCS based on test parameters and indicated UE capabilities.

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.5A.1.

##### 5.5A.1.1.4 Test description {#a.1.1.4-test-description .H6}

##### 5.5A.1.1.4.1 Initial conditions {#a.1.1.4.1-initial-conditions .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 of TS 38.521-1.

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 5.2.2.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 4.3.1.1.

1\. Connect the SS to the UE antenna connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1
\[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.2A, A.3.1.7.6, and A.3.1.7.7 for TE
diagram (without fader and AWGN) for 2Rx and 4Rx CC(s) respectively and
clause A.3.2.6 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the NR cell are initially set up
according to Table 5.5.1.3-1 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for the NR cell are initially set up according to
Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0, G.1,
G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions for the NR cell are set according to Annex
B.1.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR with *Connected without release On, Test Loop
Function On with UE Test Loop Mode A with UL\_PDCP\_SDU\_SIZE = 0*
according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.5.4. Message content are defined
in clause 5.5 A.1.1.4.3.

6\. Configure SCC(s) as applicable according to Annex C.0, C.1 and C.2
for all downlink physical channels.

7\. The SS shall configure SCC (s) as applicable as per TS 38.508-1
\[6\] clause 5.5.1.

8\. SS activates SCC(s) as applicable by sending the activation MAC-CE
(Refer TS 38.321 \[24\], clauses 5.9, 6.1.3.10). Wait for at least 1
second (Refer TS 38.133\[25\], clause9.3).

9\. SS shall transmit UECapabilityEnquiry message.

10\. The UE shall transmit UECapabilityInformation message.

11\. Using the UE capabilities advertised in the
*UE-CapabilityRAT-Container* of the type *UE-NR-Capability,* and the
procedure outlined in 5.5A.1.1.3.1 determine one set of parameters that
would provide the largest data rate.

12\. Setup up the NR cells using these parameters for the test.

13\. Configure the TBsize, DL RMC, UL RMC, PDCP size from Annex A.3.2\_1
and Annex A.2.2 for UL as appropriate.

##### 5.5A.1.1.4.2 Test procedure {#a.1.1.4.2-test-procedure .H6}

1\. SS configures T-reordering timer to be infinity.

2\. SS sends a PDCP reestablishment via RRC Reconfiguration message
requesting for PDCP Status Report.

3\. SS sets the counters N~DL\_newtx~ N~DL\_retx~ to 0.

4\. For each new DL HARQ transmission the SS generates sufficient PDCP
SDUs (max PDCP SDU size and minimum number of consecutive PDCP SDUs) to
fill up the TB on both PCC and SCC(s) as applicable in accordance with
Annex A.3.2\_1. The SS ciphers the PDCP SDUs, concatenates the resultant
PDCP PDUs to form an RLC PDU and then a MAC PDU. The SS transmits the
MAC PDU. The SS increments then N~DL\_newtx~ by one

5\. If PHY requests a DL HARQ retransmission, the SS performs a HARQ
retransmission and increments N~DL\_retx~ by one.

6\. Steps 4 to 5 are repeated at every TTI for at least 300 frames and
the SS waits for 300ms to let any HARQ retransmissions and RLC
retransmissions to finish.

7\. SS sends a PDCP reestablishment via RRC Reconfiguration message
requesting for PDCP Status Report.

8\. The SS calculates the TB success rate as A = 100%\* NDL\_correct\_rx
/ (N~DL\_newtx~ + N~DL\_retx~).

9\. SS computes the PDCP SDU loss by looking into the FMC and Bitmap
field in the PDCP Status Report. PDCP SDU loss B = COUNT reported in the
Bitmap field of PDCP Stata Report.

10\. The UE passes the test if A ≥ 85% TB success rate on both PCC and
SCC and B = 0.

Note 1: In case of RLC PDU retransmission, the number of new required
PDCP SDUs is as many as to fill the rest of TB.

##### 5.5A.1.1.4.3 Message contents {#a.1.1.4.3-message-contents .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 5.4.2 with
the following exceptions:

Table 5.5A.1.1.4.3-1: CLOSE UE TEST LOOP (in the preamble)

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Derivation      |                 |                 |           |
| Path: TS 38.509 |                 |                 |           |
| \[9\] clause    |                 |                 |           |
| 6.3.1           |                 |                 |           |
+=================+=================+=================+===========+
| Information     | Value/remark    | Comment         | Condition |
| Element         |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Protocol        | 1 1 1 1         |                 |           |
| discriminator   |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Skip indicator  | 0 0 0 0         |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Message type    | 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| UE test loop    | 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 | UE test loop    |           |
| mode            |                 | mode A          |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| UE test loop    |                 |                 |           |
| mode A LB setup |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| Length of UE    | 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 | Length of one   |           |
| test loop mode  |                 | LB setup DRB (3 |           |
| A LB setup list |                 | bytes)          |           |
| in bytes        |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| LB setup DRB    | 0 0 0 0 0 0 0   | UL PDCP SDU     |           |
|                 | 0,              | size = 0        |           |
|                 |                 |                 |           |
|                 | 0 0 0 0 0 0 0   | Q5 = 1 (for NR  |           |
|                 | 0,              | Data Radio      |           |
|                 |                 | Bearers)        |           |
|                 | 0 0 Q5 Q4 Q3 Q2 |                 |           |
|                 | Q1 Q0           | Q4..Q0 = Data   |           |
|                 |                 | Radio Bearer    |           |
|                 |                 | identity number |           |
|                 |                 | -1 for the      |           |
|                 |                 | radio bearer.   |           |
|                 |                 | See 38.509      |           |
|                 |                 | clause 6.3.1    |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+
| UE test loop    | Not present     |                 |           |
| mode B LB setup |                 |                 |           |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------+

Table 5.5A.1.1.4.3-2: RadioBearerConfig

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], clause 4.6.3-132                                                       
  ------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------------------------- --------- -----------------------------
  Information Element                                          Value/remark                        Comment   Condition
  RadioBearerConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                                           
  drb-ToAddModList SEQUENCE (SIZE (1..maxDRB)) OF SEQUENCE {   1 entry                                       DRB1
  cnAssociation CHOICE {                                                                                     
  sdap-Config                                                  SDAP-Config                                   
  }                                                                                                          
  drb-Identity                                                 DRB-Identity using condition DRB1             
  reestablishPDCP                                              true                                          DRB1 AND Re-establish\_PDCP
  pdcp-Config                                                  PDCP-Config                                   
  }                                                                                                          

Table 5.5A.1.1.4.3-3: *PDCP-Config*

  Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 4.6.3-99                            
  ---------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- -----------
  Information Element                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDCP-Config ::= SEQUENCE {                                                    
  drb SEQUENCE {                                                                
  discardTimer                                         infinity                 
  pdcp-SN-Size-UL                                      len18bits                
  pdcp-SN-Size-DL                                      len18bits                
  headerCompression CHOICE {                                                    
  notUsed                                              Null                     
  }                                                                             
  integrityProtection                                  Not present              
  statusReportRequired                                 true                     
  outOfOrderDelivery                                   Not present              
  }                                                                             
  t-Reordering                                         Not present              
  }                                                                             

Table 5.5A.1.1.4.3-4: Physical layer parameters for DCI format 1\_1

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Derivation     |                |                |                |
| Path: TS       |                |                |                |
| 38.508-1       |                |                |                |
| \[6\], Table   |                |                |                |
| 5.4.2.0-1      |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Parameter      | Value          | Value in       | Condition      |
|                |                | binary         |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| PDSCH-to-      | corresponding  | \-             | (For FDD CC if |
| HARQ\_feedback | to K1 slots as |                | configured as  |
| timing         | per Table      |                | SCell with TDD |
| indicator      | 9.2.3-1 in TS  |                | PCell)         |
|                | 38.213 \[22\]  |                |                |
|                | and            |                |                |
|                | d              |                |                |
|                | l-DataToUL-ACK |                |                |
|                | in Table       |                |                |
|                | 4.6.3-112      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | For FDD 15kHz  |                |                |
|                | SCell:         |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | K1 = 7 if      |                |                |
|                | mod(i,5) = 0   |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | K1 = 5 if      |                |                |
|                | mod(i,5) = 1   |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | K1 = 4 if      |                |                |
|                | mod(i,5) = 2   |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | K1 = 11 if     |                |                |
|                | mod(i,5) = 3   |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | K1 = 9 if      |                |                |
|                | mod(i,5) = 4   |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | where i is     |                |                |
|                | slot index per |                |                |
|                | frame; i =     |                |                |
|                | {0,...,19}     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | corresponding  |                | (For TDD CC if |
|                | to K1 slots as |                | configured as  |
|                | per Table      |                | SCell with FDD |
|                | 9.2.3-1 in TS  |                | PCell)         |
|                | 38.213 \[22\]  |                |                |
|                | and            |                |                |
|                | d              |                |                |
|                | l-DataToUL-ACK |                |                |
|                | in Table       |                |                |
|                | 4.6.3-112      |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | For TDD30kHz   |                |                |
|                | SCell:         |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | K1 = 3         |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.5A.1.1.4.3-5: PDSCH-ServingCellConfig

  [Derivation Path: TS 38.508-1 \[6\], Table 5.4.2.0-25]{.underline}                            
  -------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- --------- ----------------------------------------------------
  Information Element                                                  Value/remark   Comment   Condition
  PDSCH-ServingCellConfig ::= SEQUENCE {                                                        
  nrofHARQ-ProcessesForPDSCH                                           Not present    n8        (For FDD CC if configured as SCell with TDD PCell)
  }                                                                                             

##### 5.5A.1.1.5 Test requirement {#a.1.1.5-test-requirement .H6}

The TB success rate of greater than 85% with no PDCP SDU loss shall be
sustained during at least 300 frames on each CC.

#### 5.5A.1.2 FR1 SDR performance for CA (3DL CA)

##### 5.5A.1.2.1 Test Purpose

Same as in clause 5.5A.1.1.1

##### 5.5A.1.2.2 Test applicability

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward that
supports 3DL CA

##### 5.5A.1.2.3 Minimum conformance requirements

Same as in clause 5.5A.1.1.3

##### 5.5A.1.2.3.1 Procedure for test parameter selection {#a.1.2.3.1-procedure-for-test-parameter-selection .H6}

Same as in clause 5.5A.1.1.3.1

##### 5.5A.1.2.4 Test description

Same as in clause 5.5A.1.1.4

##### 5.5A.1.2.4.3 Message contents {#a.1.2.4.3-message-contents .H6}

Same as in clause 5.5A.1.1.4.3

##### 5.5A.1.2.5 Test requirement

The TB success rate of greater than 85% with no PDCP SDU loss shall be
sustained during at least 300 frames on each CC.

#### 5.5A.1.3 FR1 SDR performance for CA (4DL CA)

##### 5.5A.1.3.1 Test Purpose

Same as in clause 5.5A.1.1.1

##### 5.5A.1.3.2 Test applicability

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward that
supports 4DL CA

##### 5.5A.1.3.3 Minimum conformance requirements

Same as in clause 5.5A.1.1.3

##### 5.5A.1.3.3.1 Procedure for test parameter selection {#a.1.3.3.1-procedure-for-test-parameter-selection .H6}

Same as in clause 5.5A.1.1.3.1

##### 5.5A.1.3.4 Test description

Same as in clause 5.5A.1.1.4

##### 5.5A.1.3.4.3 Message contents {#a.1.3.4.3-message-contents .H6}

Same as in clause 5.5A.1.1.4.3

##### 5.5A.1.3.5 Test requirement

The TB success rate of greater than 85% with no PDCP SDU loss shall be
sustained during at least 300 frames on each CC.

#### 5.5A.1.4 FR1 SDR performance for CA (5DL CA)

##### 5.5A.1.4.1 Test Purpose

Same as in clause 5.5A.1.1.1

##### 5.5A.1.4.2 Test applicability

This test applies to all types of NR UE release 15 and forward that
supports 5DL CA

##### 5.5A.1.4.3 Minimum conformance requirements

Same as in clause 5.5A.1.1.3

##### 5.5A.1.4.3.1 Procedure for test parameter selection {#a.1.4.3.1-procedure-for-test-parameter-selection .H6}

Same as in clause 5.5A.1.1.3.1

##### 5.5A.1.4.4 Test description

Same as in clause 5.5A.1.1.4

##### 5.5A.1.4.4.3 Message contents {#a.1.4.4.3-message-contents .H6}

Same as in clause 5.5A.1.1.4.3

##### 5.5A.1.4.5 Test requirement

The TB success rate of greater than 85% with no PDCP SDU loss shall be
sustained during at least 300 frames on each CC.

5.6 PDSCH absolute physical layer throughput requirements
---------------------------------------------------------

The common parameters for PDSCH absolute physical layer throughput
requirements specified in Table 6.1.2-1 are valid for all absolute
physical layer throughput requirements unless otherwise stated.

### 5.6.1 1RX requirements

Void

### 5.6.2 2RX requirements

#### 5.6.2.1 FDD

##### 5.6.2.1.1 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH absolute physical layer throughput performance with link adaptation

##### 5.6.2.1.1.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-109 .H6}

The purpose of the requirements is to verify the PDSCH absolute physical
layer throughput performance with link adaptation under 2 receive
antenna conditions.

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.6.2.1.1.0-2, with
additional test parameters in Table 5.6.2.1.1.0-1 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.2.1.

Table 5.6.2.1.1.0-1: Test parameters

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Parameter      | Unit           | Test 1         |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Bandwidth      | MHz            | 10             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Subcarrier     | kHz            | 15             |                |
| spacing        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Duplex Mode    |                | FDD            |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Propagation    |                | TDLA30-5       |                |
| channel        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Antenna        |                | 2×2            |                |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Correlation    |                | ULA Low        |                |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Beamforming    |                | As defined in  |                |
| Model          |                | Annex B.4.1    |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| ZP CSI-RS      | CSI-RS         |                | Periodic       |
| configuration  | resource Type  |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Number of      |                | 4              |
|                | CSI-RS ports   |                |                |
|                | (*X*)          |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CDM Type       |                | FD-CDM2        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Density (ρ)    |                | 1              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | First          |                | Row 5,(4)      |
|                | subcarrier     |                |                |
|                | index in the   |                |                |
|                | PRB used for   |                |                |
|                | CSI-RS (k~0~)  |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | First OFDM     |                | \(9\)          |
|                | symbol in the  |                |                |
|                | PRB used for   |                |                |
|                | CSI-RS (l~0~)  |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-RS         | slot           | 5/1            |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | periodicity    |                |                |
|                | and offset     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP CSI-RS for | CSI-RS         |                | Periodic       |
| CSI            | resource Type  |                |                |
| acquisition    |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Number of      |                | 2              |
|                | CSI-RS ports   |                |                |
|                | (*X*)          |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CDM Type       |                | FD-CDM2        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Density (ρ)    |                | 1              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | First          |                | Row 3 (6)      |
|                | subcarrier     |                |                |
|                | index in the   |                |                |
|                | PRB used for   |                |                |
|                | CSI-RS (k~0~)  |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | First OFDM     |                | \(13\)         |
|                | symbol in the  |                |                |
|                | PRB used for   |                |                |
|                | CSI-RS (l~0~)  |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | NZP            | slot           | 5/1            |
|                | CSI            |                |                |
|                | -RS-timeConfig |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | periodicity    |                |                |
|                | and offset     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CSI-IM         | CSI-IM         |                | Periodic       |
| configuration  | resource Type  |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-IM RE      |                | Pattern 0      |
|                | pattern        |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-IM         |                | (4,9)          |
|                | Resource       |                |                |
|                | Mapping        |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | (k~CSI-        |                |                |
|                | IM~,l~CSI-IM~) |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-IM         | slot           | 5/1            |
|                | timeConfig     |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | periodicity    |                |                |
|                | and offset     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Re             |                | Aperiodic      |                |
| portConfigType |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CQI-table      |                | Table 2        |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| reportQuantity |                | *c             |                |
|                |                | ri-RI-PMI-CQI* |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| timeRestr      |                | not configured |                |
| ictionForChann |                |                |                |
| elMeasurements |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| timeRestrictio |                | not configured |                |
| nForInterferen |                |                |                |
| ceMeasurements |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| cqi-F          |                | Wideband       |                |
| ormatIndicator |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| pmi-F          |                | Wideband       |                |
| ormatIndicator |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Sub-band Size  | RB             | 8              |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| csi            |                | 1111111        |                |
| -ReportingBand |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CSI-Report     | slot           | Not configured |                |
| periodicity    |                |                |                |
| and offset     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Aperiodic      |                | 5              |                |
| Report Slot    |                |                |                |
| Offset         |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Codebook       | Codebook Type  |                | typ            |
| configuration  |                |                | eI-SinglePanel |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Codebook Mode  |                | 1              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | (Codebook      |                | N/A            |
|                | Config-N1,Code |                |                |
|                | bookConfig-N2) |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CodebookSub    |                | 111111         |
|                | setRestriction |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | RI Restriction |                | N/A            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Physical       |                | PUSCH          |                |
| channel for    |                |                |                |
| CSI report     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CQI/RI/PMI     | ms             | 6              |                |
| delay          |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Maximum number |                | 4              |                |
| of HARQ        |                |                |                |
| transmission   |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| The number of  |                | 2              |                |
| slots between  |                |                |                |
| PDSCH and      |                |                |                |
| corresponding  |                |                |                |
| HARQ-ACK       |                |                |                |
| information    |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Measurement    |                | As specified   |                |
| channel        |                | in Table A.4-2 |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                | Rank 1:        |                |
|                |                | TBS.2-1        |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                | Rank 2:        |                |
|                |                | TBS.2-2        |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Note1: For     |                |                |                |
| retransmission |                |                |                |
| including      |                |                |                |
| initial        |                |                |                |
| transmission,  |                |                |                |
| RV {0,2,3,1}   |                |                |                |
| with same MCS  |                |                |                |
| and rank as    |                |                |                |
| initial        |                |                |                |
| transmission;  |                |                |                |
| follow the     |                |                |                |
| latest UE      |                |                |                |
| reported PMI   |                |                |                |
| whose rank is  |                |                |                |
| same as the    |                |                |                |
| initial        |                |                |                |
| transmission   |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.6.2.1.1.0-2: Minimum performance requirement

  Test num.                                                                                          Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
  Test 1                                                                                             35%                                  19.3
  Note 1: The maximum throughout is defined as with TBS corresponding to CQI index 15 with rank 2.                                        

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.6.2.1.1.

###### 5.6.2.1.1\_1 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH performance with link adaptation - 2x2 MIMO for both SA and NSA

##### 5.6.2.1.1\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-128 .H6}

Verify the PDSCH absolute physical layer throughput performance with
link adaptation under 2 receive antenna conditions.

##### 5.6.2.1.1\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-128 .H6}

This test applies to all types of release 17 NR UEs and E-UTRAN UEs
supporting EN-DC supporting link adaptation.

This test applies to all types of release 18 and forward NR UEs and
E-UTRAN UEs supporting EN-DC.

##### 5.6.2.1.1\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-128 .H6}

##### 5.6.2.1.1\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-117 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and section A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the serving cell are set up according to
Table 5.2-1 and Table 5.6.2.1.1.0-1 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR serving cell are initially set up according
to Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0,
G.1, G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.5. Message
contents are defined in clause 5.6.2.1.1\_1.3.3.

##### 5.6.2.1.1\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-117 .H6}

1\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, the propagation channel, the
correlation matrix and the SNR for the serving cell according to Tables
5.6.2.1.1\_1.4-1 and 5.6.2.1.1\_1.4-2.

2\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI as per the
measurement channel according to Table 5.6.2.1.1\_1.4-1. The SS sends
downlink MAC padding bits.

3\. Measure the average throughput on the serving cell for a duration
sufficient to achieve statistical significance according to Annex G.1.5.
Count the number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each
subtest and decide pass or fail according to Annex G.1.4.

##### 5.6.2.1.1\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-113 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.6.2.1.1\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-90 .H6}

No message exceptions for SA

##### 5.6.2.1.1\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-84 .H6}

No message exceptions for NSA

##### 5.6.2.1.1\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-121 .H6}

Table 5.6.2.1.1\_1.4-1 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.6.2.1.1\_1.4-2 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.6.2.1.1\_1.4-2: Test requirements

  Test num.                                                                                          Fraction of maximum throughput (%)   SNR (dB)
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ----------
  Test 1                                                                                             35%                                  20.3
  Note 1: The maximum throughout is defined as with TBS corresponding to CQI index 15 with rank 2.                                        

#### 5.6.2.2 TDD

##### 5.6.2.2.1 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH absolute physical layer throughput performance with link adaptation

##### 5.6.2.2.1.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-110 .H6}

The purpose of the requirements is to verify the PDSCH absolute physical
layer throughput performance with link adaptation under 2 receive
antenna conditions.

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.6.2.2.1.0-2, with
additional test parameters in Table 5.6.2.2.1.0-1 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.2.1.

Table 5.6.2.2.1.0-1: Test parameters

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Parameter      | Unit           | Test 1         |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Bandwidth      | MHz            | 40             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Subcarrier     | kHz            | 30             |                |
| spacing        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Duplex Mode    |                | TDD            |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| TDD Slot       |                | FR1.30-1 Annex |                |
| Configuration  |                | A.1.2          |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Propagation    |                | TDLA30-5       |                |
| channel        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Antenna        |                | 2x2            |                |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Correlation    |                | ULA Low        |                |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Beamforming    |                | As defined in  |                |
| Model          |                | Annex B.4.1    |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| ZP CSI-RS      | CSI-RS         |                | Periodic       |
| configuration  | resource Type  |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Number of      |                | 4              |
|                | CSI-RS ports   |                |                |
|                | (*X*)          |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CDM Type       |                | FD-CDM2        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Density (ρ)    |                | 1              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | First          |                | Row 5, (4)     |
|                | subcarrier     |                |                |
|                | index in the   |                |                |
|                | PRB used for   |                |                |
|                | CSI-RS (k~0~)  |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | First OFDM     |                | 9              |
|                | symbol in the  |                |                |
|                | PRB used for   |                |                |
|                | CSI-RS (l~0~)  |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-RS         | slot           | 10/1           |
|                | periodicity    |                |                |
|                | and offset     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP CSI-RS for | CSI-RS         |                | Periodic       |
| CSI            | resource Type  |                |                |
| acquisition    |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Number of      |                | 2              |
|                | CSI-RS ports   |                |                |
|                | (*X*)          |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CDM Type       |                | FD-CDM2        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Density (ρ)    |                | 1              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | First          |                | Row 3 (6)      |
|                | subcarrier     |                |                |
|                | index in the   |                |                |
|                | PRB used for   |                |                |
|                | CSI-RS (k~0~)  |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | First OFDM     |                | 13             |
|                | symbol in the  |                |                |
|                | PRB used for   |                |                |
|                | CSI-RS (l~0~)  |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | NZP            | slot           | 10/1           |
|                | CSI            |                |                |
|                | -RS-timeConfig |                |                |
|                | periodicity    |                |                |
|                | and offset     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CSI-IM         | CSI-IM         |                | Periodic       |
| configuration  | resource Type  |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-IM RE      |                | Pattern 0      |
|                | pattern        |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-IM         |                | (4,9)          |
|                | Resource       |                |                |
|                | Mapping        |                |                |
|                | (k~CSI-        |                |                |
|                | IM~,l~CSI-IM~) |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-IM         | slot           | 10/1           |
|                | timeConfig     |                |                |
|                | periodicity    |                |                |
|                | and offset     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Re             |                | Aperiodic      |                |
| portConfigType |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CQI-table      |                | Table 2        |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| reportQuantity |                | cri-RI-PMI-CQI |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| timeRestr      |                | not configured |                |
| ictionForChann |                |                |                |
| elMeasurements |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| timeRestrictio |                | not configured |                |
| nForInterferen |                |                |                |
| ceMeasurements |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| cqi-F          |                | Wideband       |                |
| ormatIndicator |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| pmi-F          |                | Wideband       |                |
| ormatIndicator |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Sub-band Size  | RB             | 16             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| csi            |                | 1111111        |                |
| -ReportingBand |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CSI-Report     | slot           | Not configured |                |
| periodicity    |                |                |                |
| and offset     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Aperiodic      |                | 9              |                |
| Report Slot    |                |                |                |
| Offset         |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CSI request    |                | 1 in slots i,  |                |
|                |                | where mod(i,   |                |
|                |                | 10) = 0,       |                |
|                |                | otherwise it   |                |
|                |                | is equal to 0  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| rep            |                | 1              |                |
| ortTriggerSize |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| C              |                | One State with |                |
| SI-AperiodicTr |                | one Associated |                |
| iggerStateList |                | Report         |                |
|                |                | Configuration  |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                | Associated     |                |
|                |                | Report         |                |
|                |                | Configuration  |                |
|                |                | contains       |                |
|                |                | pointers to    |                |
|                |                | NZP CSI-RS and |                |
|                |                | CSI-IM         |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Codebook       | Codebook Type  |                | typ            |
| configuration  |                |                | eI-SinglePanel |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Codebook Mode  |                | 1              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | (Codebook      |                | N/A            |
|                | Config-N1,Code |                |                |
|                | bookConfig-N2) |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CodebookSub    |                | 111111         |
|                | setRestriction |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | RI Restriction |                | N/A            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Physical       |                | PUSCH          |                |
| channel for    |                |                |                |
| CSI report     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CQI/RI/PMI     | ms             | 5.5            |                |
| delay          |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Maximum number |                | 4              |                |
| of HARQ        |                |                |                |
| transmission   |                |                |                |
| (Note 1)       |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| The number of  |                | Specific to    |                |
| slots between  |                | each TDD UL-DL |                |
| PDSCH and      |                | pattern and as |                |
| corresponding  |                | defined in     |                |
| HARQ-ACK       |                | Annex A.1.2    |                |
| information    |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CSI            |                | As specified   |                |
| Measurement    |                | in Table       |                |
| channel        |                | A.4-2,         |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                | Rank 1:        |                |
|                |                | TBS.2-3        |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                | Rank 2:        |                |
|                |                | TBS.2-4        |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Note1: For     |                |                |                |
| retransmission |                |                |                |
| including      |                |                |                |
| initial        |                |                |                |
| transmission,  |                |                |                |
| RV {0,2,3,1}   |                |                |                |
| with same MCS  |                |                |                |
| and rank as    |                |                |                |
| initial        |                |                |                |
| transmission;  |                |                |                |
| follow the     |                |                |                |
| latest UE      |                |                |                |
| reported PMI   |                |                |                |
| whose rank is  |                |                |                |
| same as the    |                |                |                |
| initial        |                |                |                |
| transmission   |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.6.2.2.1.0-2: Minimum performance requirements

                                                                                                                         Fraction of maximum throughput (Note 1)   SNR(dB)
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------- ---------
                                                                                                                                                                   
  Test 1                                                                                                                 35%                                       20.4
  Note 1: The maximum throughput is defined as the throughput using the TBS corresponding to CQI index 15 with rank 2.                                             

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.6.2.2.1.

###### 5.6.2.2.1\_1 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH performance with link adaptation - 2x2 MIMO for both SA and NSA

##### 5.6.2.2.1\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-129 .H6}

Verify the PDSCH absolute physical layer throughput performance with
link adaptation under 2 receive antenna conditions.

##### 5.6.2.2.1\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-129 .H6}

This test applies to all types of release 17 NR UEs and E-UTRAN UEs
supporting EN-DC supporting link adaptation.

This test applies to all types of release 18 and forward NR UEs and
E-UTRAN UEs supporting EN-DC.

##### 5.6.2.2.1\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-129 .H6}

##### 5.6.2.2.1\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-118 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and section A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the serving cell are set up according to
Table 5.2-1 and Table 5.6.2.2.1.0-1 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR serving cell are initially set up according
to Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0,
G.1, G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.5. Message
contents are defined in clause 5.6.2.2.1\_1.3.3.

##### 5.6.2.2.1\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-118 .H6}

1\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, the propagation channel, the
correlation matrix and the SNR for the serving cell according to Tables
5.6.2.2.1\_1.4-1 and 5.6.2.2.1\_1.4-2.

2\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI as per the
measurement channel according to Table 5.6.2.2.1\_1.4-1. The SS sends
downlink MAC padding bits.

3\. Measure the average throughput on the serving cell for a duration
sufficient to achieve statistical significance according to Annex G.1.5.
Count the number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each
subtest and decide pass or fail according to Annex G.1.4.

##### 5.6.2.2.1\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-114 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.6.2.2.1\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-91 .H6}

No message exceptions for SA

##### 5.6.2.2.1\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-85 .H6}

No message exceptions for NSA

##### 5.6.2.2.1\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-122 .H6}

Table 5.6.2.2.1\_1.4-1 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.6.2.2.1\_1.4-2 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.6.2.2.1\_1.4-2: Test requirements

                                                                                                                         Fraction of maximum throughput (Note 1)   SNR(dB)
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------- ---------
                                                                                                                                                                   
  Test 1                                                                                                                 35%                                       21.4
  Note 1: The maximum throughput is defined as the throughput using the TBS corresponding to CQI index 15 with rank 2.                                             

### 5.6.3 4Rx requirements

#### 5.6.3.1 FDD

##### 5.6.3.1.1 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH absolute physical layer throughput performance with link adaptation

##### 5.6.3.1.1.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-111 .H6}

The purpose of the requirements is to verify the PDSCH absolute physical
layer throughput performance with link adaptation under 4 receive
antenna conditions.

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.6.3.1.1.0-2, with
additional test parameters in Table 5.6.3.1.1.0-1 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.2.1.

Table 5.6.3.1.1.0-1: Test parameters

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Parameter      | Unit           | Test 1         |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Bandwidth      | MHz            | 10             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Subcarrier     | kHz            | 15             |                |
| spacing        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Duplex Mode    |                | FDD            |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Propagation    |                | TDLA30-5       |                |
| channel        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Antenna        |                | 2×4            |                |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Correlation    |                | ULA Low        |                |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Beamforming    |                | As specified   |                |
| Model          |                | in Annex B.4.1 |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| ZP CSI-RS      | CSI-RS         |                | Periodic       |
| configuration  | resource Type  |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Number of      |                | 4              |
|                | CSI-RS ports   |                |                |
|                | (*X*)          |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CDM Type       |                | FD-CDM2        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Density (ρ)    |                | 1              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | First          |                | Row 5, (4)     |
|                | subcarrier     |                |                |
|                | index in the   |                |                |
|                | PRB used for   |                |                |
|                | CSI-RS (k~0~)  |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | First OFDM     |                | 9              |
|                | symbol in the  |                |                |
|                | PRB used for   |                |                |
|                | CSI-RS (l~0~)  |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-RS         | slot           | 5/1            |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | periodicity    |                |                |
|                | and offset     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP CSI-RS for | CSI-RS         |                | Periodic       |
| CSI            | resource Type  |                |                |
| acquisition    |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Number of      |                | 2              |
|                | CSI-RS ports   |                |                |
|                | (*X*)          |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CDM Type       |                | FD-CDM2        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Density (ρ)    |                | 1              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | First          |                | Row 3, (6)     |
|                | subcarrier     |                |                |
|                | index in the   |                |                |
|                | PRB used for   |                |                |
|                | CSI-RS (k~0~)  |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | First OFDM     |                | 13             |
|                | symbol in the  |                |                |
|                | PRB used for   |                |                |
|                | CSI-RS (l~0~)  |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | NZP            | slot           | 5/1            |
|                | CSI            |                |                |
|                | -RS-timeConfig |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | periodicity    |                |                |
|                | and offset     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CSI-IM         | CSI-IM         |                | Periodic       |
| configuration  | resource Type  |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-IM RE      |                | 0              |
|                | pattern        |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-IM         |                | (4, 9)         |
|                | Resource       |                |                |
|                | Mapping        |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | (k~CSI-        |                |                |
|                | IM~,l~CSI-IM~) |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-IM         | slot           | 5/1            |
|                | timeConfig     |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | periodicity    |                |                |
|                | and offset     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Re             |                | Aperiodic      |                |
| portConfigType |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CQI-table      |                | Table 2        |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| reportQuantity |                | cri-RI-PMI-CQI |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| timeRestr      |                | Not configured |                |
| ictionForChann |                |                |                |
| elMeasurements |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| timeRestrictio |                | Not configured |                |
| nForInterferen |                |                |                |
| ceMeasurements |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| cqi-F          |                | Wideband       |                |
| ormatIndicator |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| pmi-F          |                | Wideband       |                |
| ormatIndicator |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Sub-band Size  | RB             | 8              |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Csi            |                | 1111111        |                |
| -ReportingBand |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CSI-Report     | slot           | Not configured |                |
| periodicity    |                |                |                |
| and offset     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| aperiodicTr    |                | 5              |                |
| iggeringOffset |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Codebook       | Codebook Type  |                | typ            |
| configuration  |                |                | eI-SinglePanel |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Codebook Mode  |                | 1              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | (Codebook      |                | N/A            |
|                | Config-N1,Code |                |                |
|                | bookConfig-N2) |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CodebookSub    |                | 111111         |
|                | setRestriction |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | RI Restriction |                | N/A            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Physical       |                | PUSCH          |                |
| channel for    |                |                |                |
| CSI report     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CQI/RI/PMI     | ms             | 6              |                |
| delay          |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Maximum number |                | 4              |                |
| of HARQ        |                |                |                |
| transmission   |                |                |                |
| (Note 1)       |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| The number of  |                | 2              |                |
| slots between  |                |                |                |
| PDSCH and      |                |                |                |
| corresponding  |                |                |                |
| HARQ-ACK       |                |                |                |
| information    |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Measurement    |                | As specified   |                |
| channel        |                | in Table A.4-2 |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                | Rank 1:        |                |
|                |                | TBS.2-1        |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                | Rank 2:        |                |
|                |                | TBS.2-2        |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Note 1: For    |                |                |                |
| retransmission |                |                |                |
| including      |                |                |                |
| initial        |                |                |                |
| transmission,  |                |                |                |
| RV {0,2,3,1}   |                |                |                |
| with same MCS  |                |                |                |
| and rank as    |                |                |                |
| initial        |                |                |                |
| transmission;  |                |                |                |
| follow the     |                |                |                |
| latest UE      |                |                |                |
| reported PMI   |                |                |                |
| whose rank is  |                |                |                |
| same as the    |                |                |                |
| initial        |                |                |                |
| transmission.  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.6.3.1.1.0-2: Minimum requirements

                                                                                                                         Fraction of maximum throughput (Note 1)   SNR (dB)
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------- ----------
  Test 1                                                                                                                 50%                                       18.0
  Note 1: The maximum throughput is defined as the throughput using the TBS corresponding to CQI index 15 with rank 2.                                             

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.6.3.1.1.

###### 5.6.3.1.1\_1 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH performance with link adaptation - 2x4 MIMO for both SA and NSA

##### 5.6.3.1.1\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-130 .H6}

Verify the PDSCH absolute physical layer throughput performance with
link adaptation under 4 receive antenna conditions.

##### 5.6.3.1.1\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-130 .H6}

This test applies to all types of release 17 NR UEs and E-UTRAN UEs
supporting EN-DC supporting link adaptation.

This test applies to all types of release 18 and forward NR UEs and
E-UTRAN UEs supporting EN-DC.

##### 5.6.3.1.1\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-130 .H6}

##### 5.6.3.1.1\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-119 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and section A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the serving cell are set up according to
Table 5.2-1 and Table 5.6.3.1.1.0-1 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR serving cell are initially set up according
to Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0,
G.1, G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.5. Message
contents are defined in clause 5.6.3.1.1\_1.3.3.

##### 5.6.3.1.1\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-119 .H6}

1\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, the propagation channel, the
correlation matrix and the SNR for the serving cell according to Tables
5.6.3.1.1\_1.4-1 and 5.6.3.1.1\_1.4-2.

2\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI as per the
measurement channel according to Table 5.6.3.1.1\_1.4-1. The SS sends
downlink MAC padding bits.

3\. Measure the average throughput on the serving cell for a duration
sufficient to achieve statistical significance according to Annex G.1.5.
Count the number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each
subtest and decide pass or fail according to Annex G.1.4.

##### 5.6.3.1.1\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-115 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.6.3.1.1\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-92 .H6}

No message exceptions for SA

##### 5.6.3.1.1\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-86 .H6}

No message exceptions for NSA

##### 5.6.3.1.1\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-123 .H6}

Table 5.6.3.1.1\_1.4-1 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.6.3.1.1\_1.4-2 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.6.3.1.1\_1.4-2: Test requirements

                                                                                                                         Fraction of maximum throughput (Note 1)   SNR (dB)
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------- ----------
  Test 1                                                                                                                 50%                                       19
  Note 1: The maximum throughput is defined as the throughput using the TBS corresponding to CQI index 15 with rank 2.                                             

#### 5.6.3.2 TDD

##### 5.6.3.2.1 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH absolute physical layer throughput performance with link adaptation

##### 5.6.3.2.1.0 Minimum conformance requirements {#minimum-conformance-requirements-112 .H6}

The purpose of the requirements is to verify the PDSCH absolute physical
layer throughput performance with link adaptation under 4 receive
antenna conditions.

The performance requirements are specified in Table 5.6.3.2.1.0-2, with
additional test parameters in Table 5.6.3.2.1.0-1 and the downlink
physical channel setup according to Annex C.2.1.

Table 5.6.3.2.1.0-1: Test parameters

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Parameter      | Unit           | Test 1         |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Bandwidth      | MHz            | 40             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Subcarrier     | kHz            | 30             |                |
| spacing        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Duplex Mode    |                | TDD            |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| TDD UL-DL      |                | FR1.30-1 Annex |                |
| pattern        |                | A.1.2          |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Propagation    |                | TDLA30-5       |                |
| channel        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Antenna        |                | 2×4            |                |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Correlation    |                | ULA Low        |                |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Beamforming    |                | As specified   |                |
| Model          |                | in Annex B.4.1 |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| ZP CSI-RS      | CSI-RS         |                | Periodic       |
| configuration  | resource Type  |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Number of      |                | 4              |
|                | CSI-RS ports   |                |                |
|                | (*X*)          |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CDM Type       |                | FD-CDM2        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Density (ρ)    |                | 1              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | First          |                | Row 5, (4)     |
|                | subcarrier     |                |                |
|                | index in the   |                |                |
|                | PRB used for   |                |                |
|                | CSI-RS (k~0~)  |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | First OFDM     |                | 9              |
|                | symbol in the  |                |                |
|                | PRB used for   |                |                |
|                | CSI-RS (l~0~)  |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-RS         | slot           | 10/1           |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | periodicity    |                |                |
|                | and offset     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NZP CSI-RS for | CSI-RS         |                | Periodic       |
| CSI            | resource Type  |                |                |
| acquisition    |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Number of      |                | 2              |
|                | CSI-RS ports   |                |                |
|                | (*X*)          |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CDM Type       |                | FD-CDM2        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Density (ρ)    |                | 1              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | First          |                | Row 3, (6)     |
|                | subcarrier     |                |                |
|                | index in the   |                |                |
|                | PRB used for   |                |                |
|                | CSI-RS (k~0~)  |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | First OFDM     |                | 13             |
|                | symbol in the  |                |                |
|                | PRB used for   |                |                |
|                | CSI-RS (l~0~)  |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | NZP            | slot           | 10/1           |
|                | CSI            |                |                |
|                | -RS-timeConfig |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | periodicity    |                |                |
|                | and offset     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CSI-IM         | CSI-IM         |                | Periodic       |
| configuration  | resource Type  |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-IM RE      |                | 0              |
|                | pattern        |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-IM         |                | (4, 9)         |
|                | Resource       |                |                |
|                | Mapping        |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | (k~CSI-        |                |                |
|                | IM~,l~CSI-IM~) |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CSI-IM         | slot           | 10/1           |
|                | timeConfig     |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | periodicity    |                |                |
|                | and offset     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Re             |                | Aperiodic      |                |
| portConfigType |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CQI-table      |                | Table 2        |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| reportQuantity |                | cri-RI-PMI-CQI |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| timeRestr      |                | Not configured |                |
| ictionForChann |                |                |                |
| elMeasurements |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| timeRestrictio |                | Not configured |                |
| nForInterferen |                |                |                |
| ceMeasurements |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| cqi-F          |                | Wideband       |                |
| ormatIndicator |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| pmi-F          |                | Wideband       |                |
| ormatIndicator |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Sub-band Size  | RB             | 16             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Csi            |                | 1111111        |                |
| -ReportingBand |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CSI-Report     | slot           | Not configured |                |
| periodicity    |                |                |                |
| and offset     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| aperiodicTr    |                | 9              |                |
| iggeringOffset |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CSI request    |                | 1 in slots i,  |                |
|                |                | where mod(i,   |                |
|                |                | 10) = 0,       |                |
|                |                | otherwise it   |                |
|                |                | is equal to 0  |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| rep            |                | 1              |                |
| ortTriggerSize |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| C              |                | One State with |                |
| SI-AperiodicTr |                | one Associated |                |
| iggerStateList |                | Report         |                |
|                |                | Configuration  |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                | Associated     |                |
|                |                | Report         |                |
|                |                | Configuration  |                |
|                |                | contains       |                |
|                |                | pointers to    |                |
|                |                | NZP CSI-RS and |                |
|                |                | CSI-IM         |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Codebook       | Codebook Type  |                | typ            |
| configuration  |                |                | eI-SinglePanel |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Codebook Mode  |                | 1              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | (Codebook      |                | N/A            |
|                | Config-N1,Code |                |                |
|                | bookConfig-N2) |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | CodebookSub    |                | 111111         |
|                | setRestriction |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | RI Restriction |                | N/A            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Physical       |                | PUSCH          |                |
| channel for    |                |                |                |
| CSI report     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| CQI/RI/PMI     | ms             | 5.5            |                |
| delay          |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Maximum number |                | 4              |                |
| of HARQ        |                |                |                |
| transmission   |                |                |                |
| (Note 1)       |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| The number of  |                | Specific to    |                |
| slots between  |                | each TDD UL-DL |                |
| PDSCH and      |                | pattern and as |                |
| corresponding  |                | defined in     |                |
| HARQ-ACK       |                | Annex A.1.2    |                |
| information    |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Measurement    |                | As specified   |                |
| channel        |                | in Table       |                |
|                |                | A.4-2,         |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                | Rank 1:        |                |
|                |                | TBS.2-3        |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                | Rank 2:        |                |
|                |                | TBS.2-4        |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Note 1: For    |                |                |                |
| retransmission |                |                |                |
| including      |                |                |                |
| initial        |                |                |                |
| transmission,  |                |                |                |
| RV {0,2,3,1}   |                |                |                |
| with same MCS  |                |                |                |
| and rank as    |                |                |                |
| initial        |                |                |                |
| transmission;  |                |                |                |
| follow the     |                |                |                |
| latest UE      |                |                |                |
| reported PMI   |                |                |                |
| whose rank is  |                |                |                |
| same as the    |                |                |                |
| initial        |                |                |                |
| transmission.  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.6.3.2.1.0-2: Minimum requirements

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------- ----------
                                                                                                                         Fraction of maximum throughput (Note 1)   SNR (dB)
  Test 1                                                                                                                 50%                                       18.2
  Note 1: The maximum throughput is defined as the throughput using the TBS corresponding to CQI index 15 with rank 2.                                             
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------- ----------

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-4 \[5\],
clause 5.6.3.2.1.

###### 5.6.3.2.1\_1 4Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH performance with link adaptation - 2x4 MIMO for both SA and NSA

##### 5.6.3.2.1\_1.1 Test purpose {#test-purpose-131 .H6}

Verify the PDSCH absolute physical layer throughput performance with
link adaptation under 4 receive antenna conditions.

##### 5.6.3.2.1\_1.2 Test applicability {#test-applicability-131 .H6}

This test applies to all types of release 17 NR UEs and E-UTRAN UEs
supporting EN-DC supporting link adaptation.

This test applies to all types of release 18 and forward NR UEs and
E-UTRAN UEs supporting EN-DC.

##### 5.6.3.2.1\_1.3 Test description {#test-description-131 .H6}

##### 5.6.3.2.1\_1.3.1 Initial conditions {#initial-conditions-120 .H6}

Initial conditions are a set of test configurations the UE needs to be
tested in and the steps for the SS to take with the UE to reach the
correct measurement state.

The initial test configurations consist of environmental conditions,
test frequencies, test channel bandwidths and sub-carrier spacing based
on NR operating bands specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and Table 5.3.6-1 of
38.521-1 \[7\].

Configurations of PDSCH and PDCCH before measurement are specified in
Annex C.

Test Environment: Normal, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.1.

Frequencies to be tested: Mid Range, as defined in TS 38.508-1 \[6\]
clause 5.2.2.

1\. Connect the SS, the faders and AWGN noise source to the UE antenna
connectors as shown in TS 38.508-1 \[6\] Annex A, in Figure A.3.1.7.1
for TE diagram and section A.3.2 for UE diagram.

2\. The parameter settings for the serving cell are set up according to
Table 5.2-1 and Table 5.6.3.2.1.0-1 as appropriate.

3\. Downlink signals for NR serving cell are initially set up according
to Annexes C.0, C.1, C.2 and uplink signals according to Annexes G.0,
G.1, G.2, G.3.1 of TS 38.521-1 \[7\].

4\. Propagation conditions are set according to Annex B.0.

5\. Ensure the UE is in state RRC\_CONNECTED with generic procedure
parameters Connectivity NR for SA with *Connected without release On,*
Test Mode *On* according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clause 4.5. Message
contents are defined in clause 5.6.3.2.1\_1.3.3.

##### 5.6.3.2.1\_1.3.2 Test procedure {#test-procedure-120 .H6}

1\. Set the parameters of the bandwidth, the propagation channel, the
correlation matrix and the SNR for the serving cell according to Tables
5.6.3.2.1\_1.4-1 and 5.6.3.2.1\_1.4-2.

2\. SS transmits PDSCH via PDCCH DCI format 1\_1 for C\_RNTI as per the
measurement channel according to Table 5.6.3.2.1\_1.4-1. The SS sends
downlink MAC padding bits.

3\. Measure the average throughput on the serving cell for a duration
sufficient to achieve statistical significance according to Annex G.1.5.
Count the number of NACKs, ACKs and statDTXs on the UL during each
subtest and decide pass or fail according to Annex G.1.4.

##### 5.6.3.2.1\_1.3.3 Message contents {#message-contents-116 .H6}

Message contents are according to TS 38.508-1 \[6\] clauses 4.6.1 and
5.4.2.

##### 5.6.3.2.1\_1.3.3\_1 Message exceptions for SA {#message-exceptions-for-sa-93 .H6}

No message exceptions for SA

##### 5.6.3.2.1\_1.3.3\_2 Message exceptions for NSA {#message-exceptions-for-nsa-87 .H6}

No message exceptions for NSA

##### 5.6.3.2.1\_1.4 Test requirement {#test-requirement-124 .H6}

Table 5.6.3.2.1\_1.4-1 defines the primary level settings.

The fraction of maximum throughput percentage for the downlink shall
meet or exceed the specified value in Table 5.6.3.2.1\_1.4-2 for the
specified SNR including test tolerances for all throughput tests.

Table 5.6.3.2.1\_1.4-2: Test requirements

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------- ----------
                                                                                                                         Fraction of maximum throughput (Note 1)   SNR (dB)
  Test 1                                                                                                                 50%                                       19.2
  Note 1: The maximum throughput is defined as the throughput using the TBS corresponding to CQI index 15 with rank 2.                                             
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------- ----------
