+-----------------------------------------------------------------+---+
| 3GPP TR 38.846 V18.1.0 (2024-06)                                |   |
+=================================================================+===+
| Technical Report                                                |   |
+-----------------------------------------------------------------+---+
| 3rd Generation Partnership Project;                             |   |
|                                                                 |   |
| Technical Specification Group Radio Access Network;             |   |
|                                                                 |   |
| Study on simplification of band combination specification for   |   |
| NR and LTE                                                      |   |
|                                                                 |   |
| (Release 18)                                                    |   |
+-----------------------------------------------------------------+---+
|                                                                 |   |
+-----------------------------------------------------------------+---+
|                                                                 |   |
+-----------------------------------------------------------------+---+
| The present document has been developed within the 3rd          |   |
| Generation Partnership Project (3GPP ^TM^) and may be further   |   |
| elaborated for the purposes of 3GPP.\                           |   |
| The present document has not been subject to any approval       |   |
| process by the 3GPP Organizational Partners and shall not be    |   |
| implemented.\                                                   |   |
| This Specification is provided for future development work      |   |
| within 3GPP only. The Organizational Partners accept no         |   |
| liability for any use of this Specification.\                   |   |
| Specifications and Reports for implementation of the 3GPP ^TM^  |   |
| system should be obtained via the 3GPP Organizational           |   |
| Partners\' Publications Offices.                                |   |
+-----------------------------------------------------------------+---+

+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
|                                                                      |
+======================================================================+
| > ***3GPP***                                                         |
| >                                                                    |
| > Postal address                                                     |
| >                                                                    |
| > 3GPP support office address                                        |
| >                                                                    |
| > 650 Route des Lucioles - Sophia Antipolis                          |
| >                                                                    |
| > Valbonne - FRANCE                                                  |
| >                                                                    |
| > Tel.: +33 4 92 94 42 00 Fax: +33 4 93 65 47 16                     |
| >                                                                    |
| > Internet                                                           |
| >                                                                    |
| > http://www.3gpp.org                                                |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ***Copyright Notification***                                         |
|                                                                      |
| No part may be reproduced except as authorized by written            |
| permission.\                                                         |
| The copyright and the foregoing restriction extend to reproduction   |
| in all media.                                                        |
|                                                                      |
| © 2024, 3GPP Organizational Partners (ARIB, ATIS, CCSA, ETSI, TSDSI, |
| TTA, TTC).                                                           |
|                                                                      |
| All rights reserved.                                                 |
|                                                                      |
| UMTS™ is a Trade Mark of ETSI registered for the benefit of its      |
| members                                                              |
|                                                                      |
| 3GPP™ is a Trade Mark of ETSI registered for the benefit of its      |
| Members and of the 3GPP Organizational Partners\                     |
| LTE™ is a Trade Mark of ETSI registered for the benefit of its       |
| Members and of the 3GPP Organizational Partners                      |
|                                                                      |
| GSM® and the GSM logo are registered and owned by the GSM            |
| Association                                                          |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+

 Contents {#contents .TT}
========

Foreword 6

1 Scope 8

2 References 8

3 Definitions of terms, symbols and abbreviations 8

3.1 Terms 8

3.2 Symbols 9

3.3 Abbreviations 9

4 Background 10

5 Working procedure of specifying band combinations 11

5.1 General 11

5.1A Band combination request 12

5.1A.1 Band combination workflow 12

5.1A.1.1 The workflow on introduction of band combinations for block
approval 12

5.1B Usage of band combination 13

5.1B.1 Notation of CA or DC configurations in the request sheets and
work item descriptions 13

5.2 New templates for specifying band combinations 13

5.2.1 Templates for PC3 band combinations 13

5.2.2 Templates for high power UE band combinations 15

5.2.3 New templates of delta TIB / RIB due to NE-DC and SUL band
combinations in Rel-18 16

5.2.4 New template for ΔT~IB,c~ and ΔR~IB,c~ tables for CA/DC 17

5.3 Fallback aspects for specifying band combinations 18

5.4 Submitting technical contributions (Tdoc) for specifying band
combinations 19

5.4.1 Text Proposal (TP) or Draft Change Request (draft CR) 19

5.4.2 Specific for Text Proposal (TP) 19

5.4.3 Specific for Draft Change Request (draft CR) 19

5.4.4 Which agenda to submit the Tdoc for 19

6 Guidelines of specifying band combinations 19

6.1 General 19

6.1A Notation of lists of bands and bandwidths within a configuration 21

6.1A.1 Band numbers 21

6.1A.2 Bandwidth classes 21

6.1A.2.1 Bandwidth classes for LTE 21

6.1A.2.2 Bandwidth classes for NR 22

6.1B Rules to be used for the notation of CA or DC configurations 23

6.1C Adding or removing channel BW's in NR CA configurations 24

6.1C.1 Adding channel BW's in NR CA configurations 24

6.1C.2 Removing channel BW's in NR CA configurations 24

6.1C.2.1 Removing of not possible channel BW's 24

6.1C.2.2 Removing of possible channel BW's 24

6.2 Guidelines on band combination fallbacks 25

6.2.1 General definition of fallbacks 25

6.2.2 Mandatory Fallbacks 26

6.2.3 Fallbacks of EN-DC Configurations 27

6.2.4 Fallbacks of UL Configurations 27

6.2.5 Fallback rules for some exceptional cases 27

6.2.6 Guidelines on valid CBW for higher order BC depending on fallbacks
28

6.3 Guidelines on delta T~IB~ and R~IB~ due to band combinations 28

6.4 Guidelines on simplification for CA configurations 29

6.5 Guidelines on Co-Existence analysis 30

6.5.1 Uplink Intra-Band CA with one UL CC transmissions 30

6.5.2 Uplink Intra-Band CA with two UL CC transmissions 31

6.5.3 Uplink triple beat 33

6.6 Rules for band combination with BCS4/BCS5 34

6.6.1 Introduction of BCS4/BCS5 34

6.6.2 Guidelines for band combination with BCS4/BCS5 36

6.6.3 The maximum aggregated bandwidth for intra-band CA with BCS4/BCS5
36

6.7 Guidelines on simplification for 3DL/2UL MSD due to 2UL IMD
interference 36

6.8 Guidelines on configuration tables 37

6.8.1 CA configuration table 37

6.8.2 DC configuration table 40

6.8.3 SUL configuration table 45

7 Test burden reduction for band combinations 47

7.1 General 47

7.2 Similarity and Dependency of Tx RF requirements for different
features on the same band combination 47

7.2.1 Maximum output power 47

7.2.2 Spurious emission for UE-to-UE coexistence 55

7.3 Similarity and Dependency of Rx RF requirements for different
features on the same band combination 55

7.3.1 REFSENS exception due to harmonic/harmonic mixing interference for
inter-band combinations (two bands) 55

7.3.2 REFSENS exception due to cross band isolation interference for
inter-band combinations (two bands) 55

7.3.3 REFSENS exception due to inter-modulation distortion for
inter-band combinations (two bands) 56

7.3.4 REFSENS requirements without any degradation for inter-band
combinations (two bands) 69

7.4 Test burden reduction for multiple MSD 69

8 Conclusion 72

Annex A (informative): Change history 73

Foreword
========

This Technical Report has been produced by the 3rd Generation
Partnership Project (3GPP).

The contents of the present document are subject to continuing work
within the TSG and may change following formal TSG approval. Should the
TSG modify the contents of the present document, it will be re-released
by the TSG with an identifying change of release date and an increase in
version number as follows:

Version x.y.z

where:

x the first digit:

1 presented to TSG for information;

2 presented to TSG for approval;

3 or greater indicates TSG approved document under change control.

y the second digit is incremented for all changes of substance, i.e.
technical enhancements, corrections, updates, etc.

z the third digit is incremented when editorial only changes have been
incorporated in the document.

In the present document, modal verbs have the following meanings:

**shall** indicates a mandatory requirement to do something

**shall not** indicates an interdiction (prohibition) to do something

The constructions \"shall\" and \"shall not\" are confined to the
context of normative provisions, and do not appear in Technical Reports.

The constructions \"must\" and \"must not\" are not used as substitutes
for \"shall\" and \"shall not\". Their use is avoided insofar as
possible, and they are not used in a normative context except in a
direct citation from an external, referenced, non-3GPP document, or so
as to maintain continuity of style when extending or modifying the
provisions of such a referenced document.

**should** indicates a recommendation to do something

**should not** indicates a recommendation not to do something

**may** indicates permission to do something

**need not** indicates permission not to do something

The construction \"may not\" is ambiguous and is not used in normative
elements. The unambiguous constructions \"might not\" or \"shall not\"
are used instead, depending upon the meaning intended.

**can** indicates that something is possible

**cannot** indicates that something is impossible

The constructions \"can\" and \"cannot\" are not substitutes for \"may\"
and \"need not\".

**will** indicates that something is certain or expected to happen as a
result of action taken by an agency the behaviour of which is outside
the scope of the present document

**will not** indicates that something is certain or expected not to
happen as a result of action taken by an agency the behaviour of which
is outside the scope of the present document

**might** indicates a likelihood that something will happen as a result
of action taken by some agency the behaviour of which is outside the
scope of the present document

**might not** indicates a likelihood that something will not happen as a
result of action taken by some agency the behaviour of which is outside
the scope of the present document

In addition:

**is** (or any other verb in the indicative mood) indicates a statement
of fact

**is not** (or any other negative verb in the indicative mood) indicates
a statement of fact

The constructions \"is\" and \"is not\" do not indicate requirements.

 1 Scope
=======

The present document is a technical report for simplification of band
combination specification for NR and LTE. The purpose of this TR is to
further optimize and improve the working procedure for specifying band
combination. A technical report will be created to collect the rules of
band combination during the timescale of Rel-18 so as to improve the
efficiency of band combination specifying and the quality of
specifications. The dependency and applicability for RF requirements
among different features for the same spectrum combination to reduce the
redundant tests will also be investigated in the TR. The valid rules and
valuable guidelines for requesting and specifying band combinations in
Rel-17 TR 38.862 \[7\] are captured in the TR.

2 References
============

The following documents contain provisions which, through reference in
this text, constitute provisions of the present document.

\- References are either specific (identified by date of publication,
edition number, version number, etc.) or non‑specific.

\- For a specific reference, subsequent revisions do not apply.

\- For a non-specific reference, the latest version applies. In the case
of a reference to a 3GPP document (including a GSM document), a
non-specific reference implicitly refers to the latest version of that
document *in the same Release as the present document*.

\[1\] 3GPP TR 21.905: \"Vocabulary for 3GPP Specifications\".

\[2\] RP-221790, "Revised SID: Study on simplification of band
combination specification for NR and LTE", RAN\#96.

\[3\] 3GPP TR 38.817-01: "General aspects for User Equipment (UE) Radio
Frequency (RF) for NR".

\[4\] 3GPP TS 38.101-1: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission and
reception; Part 1: Range 1 Standalone\".

\[5\] 3GPP TS 38.101-2: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission and
reception; Part 2: Range 2 Standalone\".

\[6\] 3GPP TS 38.101-3: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission and
reception; Part 3: Range 1 and Range 2 Interworking operation with other
radios\".

\[7\] TR38.862: \"Study on band combination handling in RAN4\".

\[8\] RP-202832, "New WID: Introduction of bandwidth combination set 4
(BCS4) for NR", RAN\#90-e.

\[9\] R4-2220556, WF on triple beat rules and MSD for inter-band with
2UL with intra-band ULCA, RAN4\#105.

3 Definitions of terms, symbols and abbreviations
=================================================

3.1 Terms
---------

For the purposes of the present document, the terms given in
TR 21.905 \[1\] and the following apply. A term defined in the present
document takes precedence over the definition of the same term, if any,
in TR 21.905 \[1\].

**Aggregated Channel Bandwidth**: The RF bandwidth in which a UE
transmits and receives multiple contiguously aggregated carriers.

**Carrier aggregation**: Aggregation of two or more component carriers
in order to support wider transmission bandwidths.

**Carrier aggregation band**: A set of one or more operating bands
across which multiple carriers are aggregated with a specific set of
technical requirements.

**Carrier aggregation bandwidth class**: A class defined by the
aggregated transmission bandwidth configuration and maximum number of
component carriers supported by a UE.

**Carrier aggregation configuration**: A combination of CA operating
band(s) and CA bandwidth class(es) supported by a UE.

**Contiguous carriers**: A set of two or more carriers configured in a
spectrum block where there are no RF requirements based on co-existence
for un-coordinated operation within the spectrum block.

**Fallback group:** Group of carrier aggregation bandwidth classes for
which it is mandatory for a UE to be able to fallback to lower order CA
bandwidth class configuration. It is not mandatory for a UE to be able
to fallback to lower order CA bandwidth class configuration that belong
to a different fallback group.

**Inter-band carrier aggregation:** Carrier aggregation of component
carriers in different operating bands.

NOTE: Carriers aggregated in each band can be contiguous or
non-contiguous.

**Intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation**: Contiguous carriers
aggregated in the same operating band.

**Intra-band non-contiguous carrier aggregation**: Non-contiguous
carriers aggregated in the same operating band.

**Sub-block:** This is one contiguous allocated block of spectrum for
transmission and reception by the same UE. There may be multiple
instances of sub-blocks within an RF bandwidth.

3.2 Symbols
-----------

For the purposes of the present document, the following symbols apply:

ΔR~IB,c~ Allowed reference sensitivity relaxation due to support for
inter-band CA operation, for serving cell *c*

ΔT~IB,c~ Allowed maximum configured output power relaxation due to
support for inter-band CA operation, inter-band NR-DC operation and due
to support for SUL operations, for serving cell *c*

BW~Channel~ Channel bandwidth

BW~Channel\_CA~ Aggregated channel bandwidth, expressed in MHz

N~RB~ Transmission bandwidth configuration, expressed in units of
resource blocks

3.3 Abbreviations
-----------------

For the purposes of the present document, the abbreviations given in
TR 21.905 \[1\] and the following apply. An abbreviation defined in the
present document takes precedence over the definition of the same
abbreviation, if any, in TR 21.905 \[1\].

BCS Bandwidth Combination Set

BS Base Station

BW Bandwidth

CA Carrier Aggregation

CA\_nX-nY Inter-band CA of component carrier(s) in one sub-block within
Band nX and component carrier(s) in one sub-block within Band nY where
nX and nY are the applicable NR *operating band*s.

CC Component carrier

DC Dual Connectivity

DL DownLink

E-UTRA Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access

EN-DC E-UTRA/NR DC

FDD Frequency Division Duplex

IMD Inter-modulation

LTE Long Term Evolution

MR-DC Multi-radio DC

MSD Maximum Sensitivity Deduction

NE-DC NR/E-UTRA DC

NR New Radio

NR-DC NR/NR DC

RF Radio Frequency

Rx Receiver

SCS Subcarrier spacing

TDD Time Division Duplex

Tx Transmitter

UE User Equipment

UL UpLink

V2X Vehicle to Everything

4 Background
============

At 3GPP RAN\#96 meeting, a revised Rel-18 Study Item "Study on
simplification of band combination specification for NR and LTE" was
approved. The objectives are as follows,

\- Investigate and simplify the working procedure for approving
documents for TS and TR to improve the efficiency to specify band
combinations and the quality of specifications

\- Improve the efficiency considering

*-* RAN4 reduces the redundant and unnecessary work for big CRs, draft
CRs and/or TPs, if any

*-* The following rules will be investigated and defined if necessary

\- Investigate whether the workflow can be improved under the condition
that quality can be guaranteed.

*-* Develop rules or guidelines covering the process of not for block
approval.

*-* Develop the necessary tools to reduce RAN4's workloads if feasible

\- Improve the quality considering

*\--*RAN4 improves the procedures for cross-checking to avoid conflict
between big CR/CRs across basket WIs and other WIs

-- RAN4 captures the agreements about the rules and guidelines including
[but not being limited to]{.underline} the outcome of the above
sub-bullets in the corresponding TR

Investigate the feasibility and optimize the specification structure and
reduce the test burden

\- Study the methodology to simplify the test efforts for a UE
supporting multiple features, e.g., NR-CA, EN-DC on the same band
combination

*-* Study of similarity and dependency of RF requirements for different
features on the same band combination

\- Study the methodology to simplify RF requirement specifications for

*-* MSD requirements in 38.101-1 and 38.101-3, e.g., reducing the test
configurations with different bandwidth combinations

*-* For Delta\_TIB and Delta\_RIB requirements, investigate and define
the framework of the general principle or requirements with
band-combination specific exceptions

*-* For Delta\_TC,c, investigate whether it can be removed in low
boundary formula for Pcmax

NOTE 1: The requirements applicable to UE won't be changed or increased.

NOTE 2: The work should be applied to all the power classes

The target is that after the completion of the study item, the working
procedure to specify the band combinations will be refined and the
quality of specifications will be improved in the stage of Rel-18. A set
of new guidance on band combination handling, rule collections and band
combination optimization for RAN4 specifications will be approved. The
feasibility to reduce the test burden of band combinations will be
discussed. It is suggested that the rules related to the band
combinations should be applied to the latest RAN4 specifications after
the completion of the SI.

5 Working procedure of specifying band combinations
===================================================

5.1 General
-----------

In order to make the band combinations work more efficient, RAN4 has
decided to re-organize the corresponding basket WIs in Rel-18 with the
following agreements.

+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| -- *General:*                                                        |
|                                                                      |
| > *○ To merge 1BUL and 2BUL basket WI for NR CA, i.e. merged into    |
| > xBUL (x=1,2).*                                                     |
| >                                                                    |
| > *○ To establish one basket WI for SUL and one basket WI for V2X.*  |
| >                                                                    |
| > *• NR\_SUL\_combos\_R18.*                                          |
| >                                                                    |
| > *• NR\_LTE\_V2X\_PC5\_combos\_R18.*                                |
| >                                                                    |
| > *○ 2UL CA in FR1 + 1UL in FR2 can be treated in 2UL since we don't |
| > need to count the number of FR2 UL.*                               |
| >                                                                    |
| > *○ There is no need to set a dedicated WI for non-block approval   |
| > combos.*                                                           |
|                                                                      |
| -- *Consider the following NR CA/DC band combination basket WIDs in  |
| Rel-18.*                                                             |
|                                                                      |
| > *○ NR CA/DC*                                                       |
| >                                                                    |
| > *• NR\_CA\_R18\_intra including TR and TP's.*                      |
| >                                                                    |
| > *• NR\_CADC\_R18\_2BDL\_xBUL (x=1,2) including TR and TP's.*       |
| >                                                                    |
| > *• NR\_CADC\_R18\_3BDL\_xBUL (x=1,2) including TR and TP's.*       |
| >                                                                    |
| > *• NR\_CADC\_R18\_yBDL\_xBUL (y=4,5,6, x=1,2) without TR and       |
| > TP's.*                                                             |
| >                                                                    |
| > *○ MR DC*                                                          |
| >                                                                    |
| > *• DC\_R18\_1BLTE\_1BNR\_2DL2UL.*                                  |
| >                                                                    |
| > *• DC\_R18\_2BLTE\_1BNR\_3DL2UL.*                                  |
| >                                                                    |
| > *• DC\_R18\_xBLTE\_1BNR\_yDL2UL (x= 3, 4, 5).*                     |
| >                                                                    |
| > *• DC\_R18\_xBLTE\_2BNR\_yDL2UL.*                                  |
| >                                                                    |
| > *• DC\_R18\_xBLTE\_yBNR\_zDL2UL (x=1, 2, 3, y\>2 , z≤6).*          |
| >                                                                    |
| > *• DC\_R18\_xBLTE\_yBNR\_zDL3UL (x=1, 2, 3, 4, y=1, 2; 3≤z≤6).*    |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+

Regarding to the simplification of working procedure, the following
agreements have been achieved.

\- The proponent of new BC request should be the first responsible
person for checking the fallback BCs for a new BC request, and all
companies are encouraged to check the fallbacks.

\- With regard to the order of the request BC and its fallbacks, it is
agreed that the higher order combination and its fallbacks request could
be in parallel.

\- For the deadline of BC request, same deadline as RAN4 Tdoc submission
is supposed.

\- No request of adding new band combinations into basket WIs will be
handled for bis-meeting and ad-hoc meeting.

\- No new band combination is allowed to be requested after the
deadline.

\- It is allowed to only correct the missing fallback and add more
supporting companies for the proposed band combinations.

For V2X basket WI, the working procedure agreed in normal CA/DC basket
WIs also be applied.

\- To ensure the higher order combination not earlier than the lower
order combinations in the spec, the following guidelines applied.

\- Document the definition of fallback modes and the rules related to
fallback mode in RAN4 TR.

\- The big CRs for higher and lower order band combinations should be
agreed in the same meeting.

\- The rapporteurs do not have bland rows in the WID spreadsheets to
facilitate the readers to sort out the interested band combinations.

5.1A Band combination request
-----------------------------

### 5.1A.1 Band combination workflow

#### 5.1A.1.1 The workflow on introduction of band combinations for block approval

In order to improve the efficiency of RAN4's work, it's necessary to
introduce a clear workflow on the introduction of band combinations for
block approval. The workflow on the introduction of band combinations
for block approval is shown as figure 5.1A.1.1-1 as a typical example
for one RAN4 meeting in one quarter. The specific steps are listed as
below.

\#1 Band combinations should be requested by contact person using
request template. And the request spread sheet should be shared in the
reflector 3GPP\_TSG\_RAN\_WG4\_NR\_BANDS for NR CA, MR DC and SUL band
combinations or 3GPP\_TSG\_RAN\_WG4\_CA for LTE CA band combinations
before RAN4\#(X-1) meeting.

\#2 Band combinations should be captured into the draft revised WIDs
during RAN4\#(X-1) meeting by rapporteurs.

\#3 The official revised basket WIDs can be approved together with
requested band combinations during RAN\#(Y-1) meeting.

\#4 Proponents should prepare and submit the corresponding
contributions, e.g. draft CR, TP before RAN4\#X meeting. If a draft CR
or TP is depending on approval of lower order fallbacks submitted at the
same meeting, this need to be clearly mentioned in the cover sheet of
the draft CR or in the heading of the TP.

\#5 The Block/Approval procedure is applicable to the band combinations
in one week before formal RAN4\#X meeting, if there is no general issues
observed.

\#6 The contributions will be discussed during RAN4\#X meeting. If there
are no technical concerns and if all the needed fallbacks are completed,
the band combinations can be approved. And the final decision will be
made by chairman.

\#7 If the contributions are approved or endorsed, the corresponding
band combinations should be captured into the big CRs and/or TRs by
rapporteurs. Note: The big CR is an official CR which is used to capture
all the corrections for one specification by rapporteur under basket WI.

\#8 Email approval can be used for the big CRs and/or TRs in one week
after formal RAN4\#X meeting.

\#9 The status of band combinations should be shared by contact person
after formal RAN4\#X meeting.

\#10 The status of band combinations should be captured into the WID
and/or SR by rapporteurs.

\#11 RAN \#Y will approve the big CRs and revised WIDs.

\#12 The agreed band combinations will be introduced into the
specification in next version.

![](./media/image3.png){width="6.695138888888889in"
height="4.111805555555556in"}

Figure 5.1A.1.1-1 The workflow on the introduction of band combinations
for block approval

5.1B Usage of band combination
------------------------------

### 5.1B.1 Notation of CA or DC configurations in the request sheets and work item descriptions

The configurations notation discussed in Clause 5 are also used for the
CA/DC configurations in the columns for the CA/DC configurations for DL
and UL in the request sheets and the combination tables within the WIDs.
However, multiple errors within the specifications have been observed,
which motivate the need to define the following rules how to implement
these band combinations within the CA/DC configurations lists within the
excel tables in the request sheets and WIDs:

\- Each cell of the CA or DC configuration column in the Excel tables
shall contain only one single CA/DC configuration using the notation of
the configurations as discussed above

\- Similar CA or DC configurations with different bandwidth classes
shall use another row in the same column of the table.

\- The UL configurations column shall only contain the UL configurations
valid for the CA/DC configuration in the same row, if there are multiple
valid UL configurations they can be listed one after the other separated
with ", " (a comma followed by a space), but they can also be using a
single completely filled row for each of the valid UL configurations

\- There shall be no merged cells in the table

\- The WI rapporteur checks if the notation of the CA/DC configurations
is correct and if not returns the request to the requestor. Incorrect
requests should not be added to the table in the WID.

5.2 New templates for specifying band combinations
--------------------------------------------------

### 5.2.1 Templates for PC3 band combinations

Some general rules are listed about the Excel spread sheet template.

\#1 The Excel spread sheet can be used as the templates of request
sheet, status report, and band combinations table in basket WI. The
templates can be found in the following 3GPP ftp server.

\#2 All request table, status report table and band combination index
table of basket WID are unified to use one template for band combination
information sheet.

\#3 Cover sheet which is the first sheet in the template can be only
used by Contact Company which needs to request new band combinations or
some modifications or report the band combinations' status instead of
the official basket WID or Status Report. Cover sheet can be further
updated after additional basket WIs are approved in RAN plenary.

\#4 Rapporteurs can choose some of these BCS table sheets to suit their
WID. For BCS4/BCS5 there is no need to add information in the BCS sheet
since there is no channel BW details to be filled in for them.

\#5 Only one sheet/Excel attachment is used for both the WID and the
status report by rapporteurs.

\#6 The following rules and marks can be used to indicate the change
marks for the band combinations in the Excel spread sheet.

1\) The Excel sheet included in the status report and the WID would have
2 worksheets.

\- Details of band combinations status of RAN \#Y-1. It's the simple
copy from last RAN meeting.

\- Details of band combinations status of RAN \#Y

2\) The worksheet of RAN \#Y would have an extra column A \"Are there
any change marks?\" which includes 4 words:

**- New** for new if the whole line is new. Those lines could be marked
in blue.

**- Modified** for modified if any field in this line is modified. The
modified field could be marked in yellow.

**- Deleted** for deleted if the whole line needs to be removed. The
whole line could be marked in red.

\- **Unchanged** for all the information about combination aren't
changed.

  -------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Change marks   Explanation
  New            Each new row from a contact company request is marked in blue with New in first column.
  Modified       Some columns of the row are modified. The rapporteur will mark those changed cells in yellow and use Modified in the first column.
  Deleted        For a removed band combination, the rapporteur marks the row in red and uses Deleted in first column.
  Unchanged      No changes in any field of the row
  -------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> **3) How would this Excel sheet be used:**
>
> **3.1) WID update:**
>
> **   - Excel lists from RAN \#Y-1 are taken, all lines with "Deleted"
> are removed, all yellow and blue highlights are removed, all words
> "New" and " Modified" in \"changes\" column A are changed to
> "Unchanged"**
>
> **       - This provides the updated intermediate Excel lists of RAN
> \#Y-1 and copies of both lists are made to make the intermediate lists
> for RAN \#Y**
>
> **      If we start this with new release, then the RAN \#Y-1 lists
> would not be needed because there are no new release combinations
> yet.**
>
> **   **- **Now lists of RAN \#Y are updated:**
>
> **       - all new lines coming from contact company requests are
> inserted and marked in blue with "New" in first line**
>
> **       - There may be some to be modified, so rapporteur will mark
> changed fields in yellow and use "Modified" in first column**
>
> **       - There may be a few to be deleted, so rapporteur marks the
> line in red and uses "Deleted" in first column**
>
> **- If all the information about combination aren't changed,
> rapporteur marks the line in unfilled colour and uses "Unchanged" in
> first column. **
>
> **- For the changes in the BCS sheet, rapporteurs and proponent can
> mark change fields in yellow.**
>
> **3.2) Status Report update:**
>
> **- Assuming the WID update Excel list is ready after the RAN4
> meeting,**
>
> **        The rapporteur can use the same Excel list for the status
> report: i.e.**
>
> **         - Contact companies can easily filter for ongoing
> combinations of their company and then**
>
> **             - Leave the line unchanged if all the information about
> combination aren't changed.**
>
> **             - Change the status to completed, fill in column A\~T,
> then these mark all these modified field in yellow and indicate
> Modified in first column**
>
> **             - Change the status to stopped, mark this field in
> yellow and indicate "Modified" in first column.**
>
> **         - Rapporteurs can check and take over the different inputs
> into their master copy.**

The R18 PC3 basket WID items were improved in RAN\#96 meeting, including
PC3 ENDC/NEDC, NR CA/DC, SUL and V2X basket WIDs, due to some of the R17
PC3 basket WID items are merged into one R18 PC3 basket WID, and also
the table templates in the specification were changed during R17
discussion. Therefore, the original templates of band combination
request sheet, status report and band combination table should be
updated accordingly.

The updated EXCEL templates of band combination request sheet, status
report and band combination table for Rel-18 PC3 band combinations can
be found in the following 3GPP ftp server.

[*https://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg\_ran/WG4\_Radio/Templates/*](https://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG4_Radio/Templates/)

*(Editor's note: The approved latest templates for PC3 band combinations
are* *in R4-2307985)*

Besides the updated EXCEL templates, the other general rules captured in
the section 6.2.2 in TR 38.862 \[7\] are still valid.

The update templates for PC3 NR CA, EN-DC, SUL and V2X band combinations
in Rel-18 include the sheets for *'[Cover sheet]{.underline}', '[Band
combination table]{.underline}', '[FR1 intra-band CA BCS
table]{.underline}', '[FR2 intra-band CA BCS table]{.underline}', '[FR2
intra-band NCCA BCS table]{.underline}', '[Intra-band ENDC BCS
table]{.underline}', '[FR1 inter-band BCS table]{.underline}', '[FR2
inter-band BCS table]{.underline}', '[FR1+FR2 inter-band BCS
table]{.underline}', '[SUL band combination BCS table]{.underline}',
'[V2X band combination BCS table]{.underline}' and 'FR1 Mixed intra-band
CA BCS':*

\- Merging all the channel bandwidth columns into one column.

\- Using ',' between two adjacent channel bandwidths.

\- Removing the channel bandwidth number in the table head.

-- Only for inter-band NR CA) Using simple texts like 'CA\_nXC\_BCS0' or
'CA\_nX(2A)\_BCS0' for the constitute band supporting intra-band
contiguous or non-contiguous CA , respectively, associated with a new
note of "The CA configurations are given in Table 5.5A.1-1 or Table
5.5A.2-1 in this specification".

### 5.2.2 Templates for high power UE band combinations

Specifying HPUE band combination follows the same procedure as PC3 band
combination. Request for additions of HPUE band combinations shall be
provided by the proponents and sent to the
*3GPP\_TSG\_RAN\_WG4\_NR\_BANDS* email reflector before a RAN4 Tdoc
submission deadline and no new band combinations are allowed to be
requested after the deadline except to correct the missing fallback and
add more supporting companies for the proposed band combinations. The
templates can be found in the following 3GPP ftp server and be applied
to HPUE band combination request, revised WID and status report.

[*https://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg\_ran/WG4\_Radio/Templates/*](https://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG4_Radio/Templates/)

*(Editor's note: The approved latest templates for HPUE band
combinations are in R4-2306587)*

Because there is no MSD analysis for FR1+FR2 NR-CA, NR-DC and EN-DC
combinations (3x7.125 GHz = 21.375 GHz which is below the lower edge of
the TN FR2 range of 24.25 GHz), there is no need to request HPUE for
FR1+FR2 combinations, or to document support for HPUE for FR1+FR2
combinations in 38.101-3. The FR1 HPUE requirements for the FR1
fallbacks of FR1+FR2 combinations apply to the FR1 part of FR1+FR2
combinations.

The templates for HPUE band combination in Rel-18 include the sheets for
'*[Cover sheet]{.underline}*', '*[1.1&1.2\_BC table]{.underline}*',
'*[1.3\_BC table with 2 SUL cells]{.underline}*' and '*[2\_BC
table]{.underline}*', in which the band combination list categorizes
into:

> -- *[1.1 Band combination list for Power class 2 NR Inter-band CA/DC
> for y bands DL with x bands UL (x=1, 2)]{.underline}.*
>
> *○ HPUE\_FR1\_TDD\_NR\_CADC\_SUL\_R18*
>
> *○ Power class cases for uplink*
>
> *• 1UL(TDD): PC2 on TDD band*
>
> *• 2UL(FDD+TDD, TDD+FDD, TDD+TDD): PC3 on FDD band, PC2 or PC3 on TDD
> band*
>
> -- *[1.2 Band combination list for Power class 1.5]{.underline}.*
>
> *○ HPUE\_FR1\_TDD\_NR\_CADC\_SUL\_R18*
>
> *○ Power class cases for uplink*
>
> *• 1UL(TDD): PC1.5 on TDD band*
>
> -- *[1.3 Band combination list for Power class 2 SUL band combinations
> with or without CA for y bands DL with 2 bands UL]{.underline}.*
>
> *○ HPUE\_FR1\_TDD\_NR\_CADC\_SUL\_R18*
>
> *○ Power class cases for uplink*
>
> *• SUL: PC3 or PC2 on SUL band*
>
> *• NUL(TDD): PC2 on TDD band, where NUL = Normal Uplink in contrast to
> SUL.*
>
> -- *[2 Band combination list for High power UE (power class m with
> 1\<m\<3) for a single FR1 band in UL of Dual Connectivity (DC)
> combinations of x bands (x=1,2,3, 4 for y=1 or x=1, 2 for y=2) LTE
> inter-band CA (xDL/1UL) and y bands NR inter-band CA
> (yDL/1UL)]{.underline}.*
>
> *○ HPUE\_FR1\_DC\_LTE\_NR\_R18*

### 5.2.3 New templates of delta TIB / RIB due to NE-DC and SUL band combinations in Rel-18

For inter-band NE-DC within FR1, unless otherwise stated, the value of
ΔT~IB,c~ for the correspondingly specified EN-DC combination is
applicable. However, for some specific NE-DC combinations, there are no
corresponding EN-DC combinations defined in the spec. To unify the
template as the cases in EN-DC combinations, the new delta T~IB~
template in Table 5.2.3-1 and delta RIB template in Table 5.2.3-2 for
NE-DC combinations applies respectively, two bands as an example.

**Table 5.2.3-1: New template for ΔT~IB,c~ due to NE-DC (two bands)**

+-------------------------------+-------------------------------+---+
| Inter-band NE-DC              | **ΔT~IB,c~ for NR band /      |   |
| configuration                 | E-UTRA band (dB)^\*^**        |   |
+-------------------------------+-------------------------------+---+
|                               | **Component band in order of  |   |
|                               | bands in                      |   |
|                               | configuration^\*\*^**         |   |
+-------------------------------+-------------------------------+---+
| DC\_nx\_y                     |                               |   |
+-------------------------------+-------------------------------+---+
| NOTE \*: "-" denotes ΔT~IB,c~ |                               |   |
| = 0.                          |                               |   |
|                               |                               |   |
| NOTE \*\*: The component band |                               |   |
| order in the configuration    |                               |   |
| should be listed by the order |                               |   |
| of NR band and E-UTRA band    |                               |   |
| respectively.                 |                               |   |
+-------------------------------+-------------------------------+---+

**Table 5.2.3-2: New template for ΔR~IB,c~ due to NE-DC (two bands)**

+-------------------------------+-------------------------------+---+
| Inter-band NE-DC              | **ΔR~IB,c~ for NR band /      |   |
| configuration                 | E-UTRA band (dB)^\*^**        |   |
+-------------------------------+-------------------------------+---+
|                               | **Component band in order of  |   |
|                               | bands in                      |   |
|                               | configuration^\*\*^**         |   |
+-------------------------------+-------------------------------+---+
| DC\_nx\_y                     |                               |   |
+-------------------------------+-------------------------------+---+
| NOTE \*: "-" denotes ΔR~IB,c~ |                               |   |
| = 0.                          |                               |   |
|                               |                               |   |
| NOTE \*\*: The component band |                               |   |
| order in the configuration    |                               |   |
| should be listed by the order |                               |   |
| of NR band and E-UTRA band    |                               |   |
| respectively.                 |                               |   |
+-------------------------------+-------------------------------+---+

For the UE which supports SUL band combination, the template for
ΔT~IB,c~ in Table 5.2.3-3 and ΔR~IB,c~ in Table 5.2.3-4 applies
respectively, three bands as an example.

**Table 5.2.3-3: New template for ΔT~IB,c~ due to SUL band combination
(three bands)**

+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+---+---+
| **Band combination for      | **ΔT~IB,c~ for NR bands /   |   |   |
| SUL**                       | SUL band (dB)^\*^**         |   |   |
+=============================+=============================+===+===+
|                             | **Component band in order   |   |   |
|                             | of bands in                 |   |   |
|                             | configuration^\*\*^**       |   |   |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+---+---+
| CA\_nx\_SUL\_ny-nz          |                             |   |   |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+---+---+
| NOTE \*: "-" denotes        |                             |   |   |
| ΔT~IB,c~ = 0.               |                             |   |   |
|                             |                             |   |   |
| NOTE \*\*: The component    |                             |   |   |
| band order in the           |                             |   |   |
| configuration should be     |                             |   |   |
| listed by the order of NR   |                             |   |   |
| bands and SUL band, such as |                             |   |   |
| for CA\_n79\_SUL\_n41-n83   |                             |   |   |
| the band order from left to |                             |   |   |
| right is n41, n79 and n83.  |                             |   |   |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+---+---+

**Table 5.2.3-4: New template for ΔR~IB,c~ due to SUL band combination
(three bands)**

+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+---+---+
| **Band combination for      | **ΔR~IB,c~ for NR bands /   |   |   |
| SUL**                       | SUL band (dB)^\*^**         |   |   |
+=============================+=============================+===+===+
|                             | **Component band in order   |   |   |
|                             | of bands in                 |   |   |
|                             | configuration^\*\*^**       |   |   |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+---+---+
| CA\_nx\_SUL\_ny-nz          |                             |   |   |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+---+---+
| NOTE \*: "-" denotes        |                             |   |   |
| ΔR~IB,c~ = 0.               |                             |   |   |
|                             |                             |   |   |
| NOTE \*\*: The component    |                             |   |   |
| band order in the           |                             |   |   |
| configuration should be     |                             |   |   |
| listed by the order of NR   |                             |   |   |
| bands and SUL band, such as |                             |   |   |
| for CA\_n1\_SUL\_n78-n80    |                             |   |   |
| the band order from left to |                             |   |   |
| right is n1, n78 and n80.   |                             |   |   |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+---+---+

### 5.2.4 New template for ΔT~IB,c~ and ΔR~IB,c~ tables for CA/DC

For the UE which supports CA/DC configurations, the allowed maximum
configured output power relaxation has been set for the inter-band or
SUL operation as ΔT~IB,c~. The allowed reference sensitivity relaxation
has been set for the inter-band operation as ΔR~IB,c~. However, with the
explosive growth of the number of combinations, the ΔT~IB,c~ and
ΔR~IB,c~ tables in the specifications are seriously oversized and the
readability is deteriorated. To optimize the tables of ΔT~IB,c~ and
ΔR~IB,c~, a new template in Table 5.2.4-1 and Table 5.2.4-2 is proposed
in Rel-18 respectively.

**Table 5.2.4-1: New template for ΔT~IB,c~ tables in Rel-18**

+--------------------+--------------------+-----+-----+-----+-----+
| Inter-band EN-DC   | ΔT~IB,c~ for       |     |     |     |     |
| configuration      | E-UTRA band / NR   |     |     |     |     |
|                    | band (dB)          |     |     |     |     |
+====================+====================+=====+=====+=====+=====+
|                    | Component band in  |     |     |     |     |
|                    | order of bands in  |     |     |     |     |
|                    | configuration      |     |     |     |     |
+--------------------+--------------------+-----+-----+-----+-----+
| DC\_1-3-7-40\_n78  | 0.6                | 0.6 | 0.5 | 0.3 | 0.8 |
+--------------------+--------------------+-----+-----+-----+-----+
| DC\_1-3-8-11\_n28  | 0.3                | 0.8 | 0.6 | 0.9 | 0.6 |
+--------------------+--------------------+-----+-----+-----+-----+
| ...                | ...                | ... | ... | ... | ... |
+--------------------+--------------------+-----+-----+-----+-----+
| Note 1: "-"        |                    |     |     |     |     |
| denotes            |                    |     |     |     |     |
| **ΔT~IB,c~** = 0.  |                    |     |     |     |     |
|                    |                    |     |     |     |     |
| Note 2: The        |                    |     |     |     |     |
| component band     |                    |     |     |     |     |
| order in the       |                    |     |     |     |     |
| configuration      |                    |     |     |     |     |
| should be listed   |                    |     |     |     |     |
| by the order of    |                    |     |     |     |     |
| E-UTRA band and NR |                    |     |     |     |     |
| band respectively, |                    |     |     |     |     |
| such as for        |                    |     |     |     |     |
| DC\_2-48\_(n)5 the |                    |     |     |     |     |
| band order from    |                    |     |     |     |     |
| left to right is   |                    |     |     |     |     |
| 2, 5, 48 and n5.   |                    |     |     |     |     |
+--------------------+--------------------+-----+-----+-----+-----+

**Table 5.2.4-2: New template for ΔR~IB,c~ tables in Rel-18**

+--------------------+--------------------+-----+-----+-----+-----+
| Inter-band EN-DC   | ΔR~IB,c~ for       |     |     |     |     |
| configuration      | E-UTRA band / NR   |     |     |     |     |
|                    | band (dB)          |     |     |     |     |
+====================+====================+=====+=====+=====+=====+
|                    | Component band in  |     |     |     |     |
|                    | order of bands in  |     |     |     |     |
|                    | configuration      |     |     |     |     |
+--------------------+--------------------+-----+-----+-----+-----+
| DC\_1-3-7-40\_n78  | 0.2                | 0.2 | \-  | 0.4 | 0.5 |
+--------------------+--------------------+-----+-----+-----+-----+
| DC\_1-3-8-11\_n28  | \-                 | 0.3 | 0.2 | 0.5 | 0.2 |
+--------------------+--------------------+-----+-----+-----+-----+
| ...                | ...                | ... | ... | ... | ... |
+--------------------+--------------------+-----+-----+-----+-----+
| Note 1: "-"        |                    |     |     |     |     |
| denotes            |                    |     |     |     |     |
| **ΔR~IB,c~** = 0.  |                    |     |     |     |     |
|                    |                    |     |     |     |     |
| Note 2: The        |                    |     |     |     |     |
| component band     |                    |     |     |     |     |
| order in the       |                    |     |     |     |     |
| configuration      |                    |     |     |     |     |
| should be listed   |                    |     |     |     |     |
| by the order of    |                    |     |     |     |     |
| E-UTRA band and NR |                    |     |     |     |     |
| band respectively, |                    |     |     |     |     |
| such as for        |                    |     |     |     |     |
| DC\_2-48\_(n)5 the |                    |     |     |     |     |
| band order from    |                    |     |     |     |     |
| left to right is   |                    |     |     |     |     |
| 2, 5, 48 and n5.   |                    |     |     |     |     |
+--------------------+--------------------+-----+-----+-----+-----+

5.3 Fallback aspects for specifying band combinations
-----------------------------------------------------

For companies to propose the new band combinations in the band
combination basket WIDs, some restrictions on the fallback aspects
should be taken into account. The proponents should propose all the
necessary fallback modes together with the proposed band combinations.
To make the rules on fallback aspects common understanding in RAN4 and
to facilitate delegates who are not very familiar with such rules when
preparing the band combination proposals, the following text is
suggested to be captured in the justification of each band combination
basket WID.

*- Request for additions of band combinations to this WI shall be
provided using an agreed template and sent to the
3GPP\_TSG\_RAN\_WG4\_NR\_BANDS email reflector before a RAN4 Tdoc
submission deadline and no new band combinations are allowed to be
requested after the deadline except to correct the missing fallback and
add more supporting companies for the proposed band combinations.*

\- *When a proponent requests a new band combination, all the next level
fallback configurations shall be listed and recorded in the request
template and the status ("New", "Ongoing", "Completed") of all the
fallback configurations shall be declared accurately and clearly. For
"New" fallback configurations, the proponent shall ensure these fallback
configurations are also requested together with the higher order band
combination in the same meeting.*

\- *A band combination configuration can only be considered as completed
when all of the fallback configurations are completed and specified in
advance or at the same meeting. It is the responsibility of the
proponent to ensure the status of all of the fallback mode
configurations. Rapporteurs and other companies are encouraged to check
the status of all of the fallback configurations once the higher order
band combinations are declared as completed.*

*(Note: 3GPP\_TSG\_RAN\_WG4\_CA is used for the LTE CA baskets WI)* When
the below approved rule is not followed by the proponents, TP/draft CR
could be flagged by rapporteurs/ interested companies, and the TP/draft
CR shall be noted if the lower order fallbacks are missing.

\# Proponents should prepare and submit the corresponding contributions,
e.g. draft CR, TP before RAN4\#X meeting.

\# *Proponents should clearly mention the following two conditions in
the cover sheet of the draft CR or in the heading of the TP.*

1\) Whether there are pending lower order fallbacks submitted at the
same meeting related to the combos in this draft CR/TP. (Yes with Tdoc
numbers or No)

2\) Whether there were lower order fallbacks approved in the last
meeting related to the combos in this draft CR/TP, if the last meeting
is a bis meeting. (Yes with Tdoc numbers or No)

Examples for the cases when the last meeting is a bis meeting:

\#1: The draft CRs/or TPs for the fallback combinations in the same
meeting: R4-xxxxxxx.\
There is no related lower order fallbacks in the last bis meeting.

\#2: There is no pending lower order fallbacks in the same meeting.\
The draft CRs/or TPs for the fallback combinations in the last bis
meeting: R4-xxxxxxx

\#3: There is no pending lower order fallbacks in the same meeting.\
There is no related lower order fallbacks in the last bis meeting.

\#4: The draft CRs/or TPs for the fallback combinations in the same
meeting: R4-xxxxxxx.\
The draft CRs/or TPs for the fallback combinations in the last bis
meeting: R4-xxxxxxx

5.4 Submitting technical contributions (Tdoc) for specifying band combinations
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### 5.4.1 Text Proposal (TP) or Draft Change Request (draft CR)

The R18 PC3 basket WID items were improved in RAN\#96 meeting, including
PC3 ENDC/NEDC, NR CA/DC, SUL and V2X basket WIDs, due to some of the R17
PC3 basket WID items are merged into one R18 PC3 basket WID, and also
the table templates When providing technical contributions for the
inclusion of a band combination there are two possible approaches.

1\) Text Proposal (TP) to a Technical Report (TR) for the specific
basket Work Item (WI).

2\) Draft Change Request (draft CR) to the Technical Specification (TS)

RAN4 have agreed that if there is a need for any technical
study/analysis as UE coexistence studies potentially resulting in
relaxations needed defined this needs to be provided via a TP to a TR
such that this study/analysis is captured in the TR. For new band
combinations which does not require any technical study/analysis RAN4
has agreed to introduce these via draft CR directly to the TS. It shall
be noted that not all the basket WIs have a TR indicating for which
technical study/analysis may be needed and for which there is no need.

### 5.4.2 Specific for Text Proposal (TP)

TPs shall be drafted using the latest version of the corresponding TR as
baseline and if included to the TR the provided template in the TR. All
additions intended to be captured to the TR shall be marked with
change-marks.

Sourcing company/companies are encouraged to combine all related band
combinations to a single Tdoc for the TR containing one or more TPs with
the needed technical analysis.

### 5.4.3 Specific for Draft Change Request (draft CR)

Draft CRs shall be drafted using the latest version of the corresponding
TS as baseline. All additions intended to be captured to the TR shall be
marked with change-marks.

Sourcing company/companies shall provide a single draft CR per basket WI
corresponding to an individual agenda item at the RAN4 meetings. Noting
that if a company is working with multiple other companies for providing
technical input (draft CRs) for the same type of combinations (i.e.
basket WI) each different group of sourcing companies shall be allowed
to submit individual Tdocs. It shall also be noted that if different
types of draftCRs are needed (e.g. Cat.B and Cat.F) a single draftCR per
type is allowed.

### 5.4.4 Which agenda to submit the Tdoc for

The TP or draft CR shall be submitted to the agenda corresponding to the
basket WI for which the specific band combination belongs (i.e.is
included in the WID). Attention shall be made to which type of
combinations it is under the basket if there are different sub-agendas
for e.g. with or without FR2 parts of the combination.

Exceptions for submitting to the agenda corresponding to the basket WI
is agreed by RAN in WF \[9\] and listed below.

1\) Intra-band CA or DC (intra-band UL related MSD or band protection)

2\) 2 band inter-band CA or DC (intra-band UL CA IMD related MSD, LB-LB
cases)

3\) 3 band inter-band CA or DC (intra-band UL CA triple beat related
MSD, LB-LB-LB cases)

In case of any of the exceptions above the TP or draft CR shall be
submitted to the "not for block approval" agenda.

6 Guidelines of specifying band combinations
============================================

6.1 General
-----------

The notation of the band combinations in the 38.101 specifications as
well as the combination request lists by the operators and the basket
WIDs can have significant impact, as it can become unclear what
combination is really meant in the request or specification in cases of
errors. Then the combination may be misinterpreted, not taken into
account when implementing combinations in BS or UEs or even removed from
specs or requests. Also automated processing of the tables will become
difficult with too many bugs.

Generally the notation of band combinations starts with the type of the
configuration (mainly CA or DC), followed by one list (either LTE or NR)
or two lists (first LTE, then NR) of bands with bandwidths. The
following types of band combinations are defined in 3GPP specifications:

Carrier Aggregation: Starts with "CA\_" as the first three characters.
Then either a list of LTE or NR carriers is following, where the
carriers or bands are always separated by "-". LTE and NR carriers
cannot be combined, that would be a DC combination. Examples:

\- CA\_1A-2A (LTE)

\- CA\_n1A-n2A (NR)

\- Examples for wrong notations: CA\_1A\_2A ("\_" instead of "-" between
the carriers/bands), CA-1A-2A (no "\_" but "-" after "CA", CA\_1A\_n2A
(this would need to be a DC combination)

\- NOTE: LTE examples are provided for information only

Dual Connectivity: Starts with "DC\_" as the first three characters,
then for EN-DC configurations followed by the list of LTE carriers, a
"\_" as separation between the LTE and NR carriers and then the list of
NR carriers. For NE-DC configurations the list begins with NR carriers,
a "\_" as separation between the NR and LTE carriers, and then the list
of LTE carriers. There are exceptions for SUL EN-DC combinations, which
separate the LTE and NR carriers by "\_SUL\_" instead of "\_", and
contiguous intra-band EN-DC combinations using "(n)" instead of "\_" and
the "n" of the first NR band in the list. DC configurations within LTE
or NR just list the carriers after "DC\_". For EN-DC combinations for
V2X the "DC\_" at the beginning is replaced by "V2X\_", even if it is
still an EN-DC combination. Examples:

\- DC\_1A\_n2A (EN-DC)

\- DC\_1A-2A (LTE-DC)

\- DC\_n1A-n2A (NR-DC)

\- DC\_(n)1AA (EN-DC with contiguous intra-band LTE and NR carriers)

\- DC\_1(n)AA (NE-DC with contiguous intra-band NR and LTE carriers)

\- DC\_1A-(n)2AA (EN-DC with one LTE carrier followed by contiguous
intra-band LTE and NR carriers)

\- DC\_2(n)AA-1A (NE-DC with one LTE carrier followed by contiguous
intra-band NR and LTE carriers)

\- DC\_n78A\_1A-3A (NE-DC)

\- Examples for wrong notations: DC\_1A-n2A ("-" instead of "\_" between
the LTE and NR carriers/bands for EN-DC combinations), DC-1A-2A (no "\_"
but "-" after "DC", DC\_n1A\_n2A ("\_" instead of "-" between the NR
carriers/bands for NR-DC combinations)

Supplementary UL: NR SA configurations start with "SUL\_" as the first
four characters for SUL band combination with single carrier, as it is
only NR without LTE, if it is within an EN-DC combination there is a
"\_SUL\_" between the LTE and the NR part instead of the "SUL\_" at the
beginning, using the usual "DC\_" as the first characters. For uplink
EN-DC configuration, if TDM operation of uplink sharing from UE
perspective (ULSUP) is chosen, the notation of "\_ULSUP-TDM\_" is used.
The FDM operation of uplink sharing from UE perspective is not supported
in current specifications. If SUL band combination with intra-band
contiguous CA, intra-band non-contiguous CA or inter-band CA, the
notation starts with "CA\_" as the first three characters. Examples:

\- SUL\_n2A-n80A (n80 being the SUL band)

\- CA\_n41C-n80A (n80 being the SUL band)

\- CA\_n78(2A)-n86A (n86 being the SUL band)

\- CA\_n1A\_n78A-n81A (n81 being the SUL band)

\- DC\_1A\_SUL\_n2A-n80A (n80 being the SUL band)

\- DC\_3A\_n80A\_ULSUP-TDM\_n78A (TDM operation on SUL\_n78-n80)

In summary the following types and notations are defined:

\- CA\_ ...: A Carrier Aggregation configuration followed by the list of
either LTE or NR carriers, or SUL band combination with NR intra-band
contiguous, non-contiguous or inter-band CA carriers.

\- DC\_ ...: A Dual Connectivity configuration followed by the list of
either LTE carriers for LTE-DC or NR carriers for NR-DC or for EN-DC
first LTE carriers, then "\_" and the NR carriers or for NE-DC first NR
carriers, then "\_" and the LTE carriers. In case of a DC combination
for V2X, the "DC\_" is replaced with "V2X\_".

\- SUL\_ ...: A Carrier Aggregation configuration including one SUL band
followed by a single NR carrier. In case of a DC configuration with SUL,
the "SUL\_" is shifted behind the "\_" separating the LTE and NR
carriers and the configuration starts with "DC\_" as usual for DC
configurations. In case of an uplink EN-DC configuration with SUL,
"\_ULSUP-TDM\_" is applied for TDM operation for uplink sharing from UE
perspective.

6.1A Notation of lists of bands and bandwidths within a configuration
---------------------------------------------------------------------

### 6.1A.1 Band numbers

A list of LTE or NR carriers within a CA or DC configuration is a either
a single or multiple LTE or NR carriers. The simplest one is just a
single carrier. It consists of the band number followed by the bandwidth
class, which is "A" for a single carrier. For LTE the band number is
just the number of the band, for NR carriers the numerical part of the
band notation is preceded by an "n", indicating this is a NR band, not a
LTE band. NR bands above n256 are FR2 bands, below n256 are FR1 bands.
The band number is always followed by the bandwidth class, which can be
quite complicated for NR combinations with intra-band CA. Bandwidth
classes other than "A" indicate multiple carriers in that band. In the
list there can be multiple entries for inter-band CA configurations (in
LTE also intra-band non-contiguous CA), which are always separated by
"-". The band numbers are sorted in increasing numbers. LTE and NR bands
in the same frequency range usually have the same band number. Examples:

\- Notation of a single LTE carrier: 1A, 2A, 3A etc.

\- Notation of a single NR carrier: n1A, n2A, n3A etc.

\- List of multiple LTE carriers on different bands: 1A-2A-3A.

\- List of multiple NR carriers on different bands: n1A-n2A-n3A.

### 6.1A.2 Bandwidth classes

#### 6.1A.2.1 Bandwidth classes for LTE

An entry within the list of carriers always starts with the band number
followed by the bandwidth class. In LTE the bandwidth classes (if not
"A") mean this is a contiguous CA configuration with multiple carriers.
They are specified in table 5.6A-1 in 36.101 and can range from "A" for
a single carrier up to F for 5 carriers. BW class I is specified for 8
carriers, but is not used. Non-contiguous CA combinations are just
listing multiple sub-blocks separated by "-". Examples:

\- CA\_1B: Two contiguously aggregated LTE carriers with 20MHz or less
in band 1.

\- CA\_2F: Five contiguously aggregated LTE carriers with up to 100MHz
in band 2.

\- CA\_3A-3A: Two non-contiguously aggregated LTE carriers in band 3

\- CA\_4A-4E: A single carrier followed by a gap and then followed by
four contiguously aggregated carriers with up to 80MHz

\- A single carrier is no CA configuration as there is nothing
aggregated, so there is no CA\_5A, this is just 5A.

#### 6.1A.2.2 Bandwidth classes for NR

NR bandwidth classes are much more complicated. Also here an entry
within the list of carriers always starts with the band number followed
by the bandwidth class. But in NR the bandwidth class includes
contiguous and non-contiguous CA and a mixture of contiguous and
non-contiguous CA. For contiguous CA the bandwidth classes are specified
similar to LTE, but separate for FR1 and FR2. For FR1 contiguous CA BW
classes are specified in table 5.3A.5-1 in 38.101-1 ranging from A to O
(F is not used), in which the classes M, N and O are applicable for the
use with shared spectrum channel access. For FR2 in 5.3A.4-1 in 38.101-2
ranging from A to W(N is not used), and R2 to R12, in which the classes
V and W are applicable only for FR2-2 operating bands. The CA bandwidth
classes for NR are categorized into different fallback groups (FBG). It
is mandatory for a UE to be able to fallback to lower order NR CA
bandwidth class configuration within a FBG, and not mandatory for a UE
to be able to fallback to lower order NR CA bandwidth class
configuration that belong to a different FBG.

A special kind or BW class specification is when there are intra-band
contiguous LTE and NR carriers within an EN-DC combination like
DC\_(n)1AA. In this case the LTE and NR carriers within that band are
combined to a single entry of the list of carriers starting with (n)
indicating that it can be "n" for the NR carrier, or no "n" for the LTE
carrier. This is followed by the numerical value of the band (here "1")
and then the contiguous BW class for the LTE part and the contiguous BW
class for the NR part. So DC\_(n)1AA means that there is a single
carrier for LTE and a single carrier for NR side-by-side contiguously
aggregated in band 1. This can be extended by more contiguous carriers
on the LTE or NR side or both, for example DC\_(n)41DA means three
contiguous carriers for LTE besides a single carrier for NR. This can be
extended by other LTE carriers in front of the combination of carriers
with (n) or with other NR carriers behind the (n) part, for example
DC\_1A-(n)2AA or DC\_(n)2AA-n3A. The (n) part is considered as the last
LTE combination in the list or the first NR combination in the list,
therefore adding it with a "-" instead of a "\_". For intra-band
contiguous NE-DC configuration, instead of (n)X in EN-DC, the notation
X(n) is used. In this case, DC\_X(n)yz indicates the contiguous NR Band
carriers with channel bandwidth class y in Band nX is followed by the
contiguous LTE carries with channel bandwidth z in Band X. For example,
DC\_3(n)AA denotes the NE-DC combination of single carrier for NR in
Band n3 and single carrier for LTE in Band 3.

However, the BW class part of a NR configuration also includes
non-contiguous intra-band CA. For a combination containing any
non-contiguous CA, i.e. a gap between any aggregated carriers, each
block of single or contiguously aggregated carriers is called a
sub-block, where a sub-block can also consist of the contiguously
aggregated carriers as stated above. While in LTE single
non-contiguously aggregated carriers are just duplicated like CA\_1A-1A,
in NR the number of non-contiguous carriers of a BW class is counted and
put in parenthesis with the number of sub-blocks of this type preceding
the bandwidth class. Therefore a configuration with two non-contiguous
carriers will have a BW class (2A) in NR, so the combination will be
named CA\_n1(2A), meaning there are two non-contiguous carriers with BW
class A in band n1.

However, there can also be the combination of contiguous and
non-contiguous intra-band CA in NR. In. this case the sub-blocks of each
BW class are separately counted and added within the brackets. For
example if there are in a n260 FR2 CA combination two sub-blocks of BW
class "A" (single carriers), three of BW class "G" (two contiguous
carriers up to 100MHz) and one of BW class O (two carriers with 50 or
100MHz), the full combination will be named CA\_n260(2A-3G-Q), having 6
sub-blocks with in total 10 carriers. Examples:

\- CA\_n1B: Two contiguously aggregated NR carriers with 100MHz or less
in band n1 (FR1).

\- CA\_n2D: Three contiguously aggregated NR carriers with up to 300MHz
in band n2.

\- CA\_n3(2A): Two non-contiguously aggregated NR carriers in band n3

\- CA\_n260G: Two contiguously aggregated NR carriers with 150 or 200MHz
in band n260 (FR2).

\- CA\_n260M: Eight contiguously aggregated NR carriers with 750 or
800MHz in band n260 (FR2).

\- CA\_n260(2A): Two non-contiguously aggregated NR carriers in band
n260 with up to 800MHz (2x400MHz)

\- CA\_n260(A-M): A single carrier followed by a gap and then followed
by eight contiguously aggregated carriers with up to 100MHz each

\- CA\_n260(2A-3G-Q): Two single carriers up to 400MNHz each, three
sub-blocks with two carriers each of 150 or 200MHz per sub-block
followed by another sub-block with two carriers of 50 or 100MHz each.

6.1B Rules to be used for the notation of CA or DC configurations
-----------------------------------------------------------------

The following are the rules for generating the configuration notations:

\- Each configuration needs to start with "CA\_", "DC\_", "SUL\_" or
"V2X\_".

\- DC combinations include a list of LTE carriers first, followed by the
list of NR carriers.

\- Entries within a list of either LTE carriers or NR carriers need to
be separated by "-", not "\_".

\- The list of LTE carriers and the list of NR carriers within an EN\_DC
combination need to be separated by "\_", for contiguous intra-band
EN-DC the two lists are connected with the (n)xxAA like notation, not
"\_" (xx is the band number) , for contiguous intra-band NE-DC the two
lists are connected with the xx(n)AA like notation, not "\_" (xx is the
band number). In specific cases "\_SUL\_" connects the two lists.

\- Contiguous LTE+NR intra-band carriers within a DC combination are
using the notation (n)xxAA (xx is the band number) , Contiguous NR+LTE
intra-band carriers within a DC combination are using the notation
xx(n)AA (xx is the band number).

\- No other characters than "A" to "Z", "0" to "9", "(", ")", "-", "\_"
and "n" are allowed within the notation, especially no spaces " ", "/",
".", LineFeed, CR, other special characters.

\- Entries within the list of carriers need to be sorted in numerical
order, i.e. first band n1, then n2, then n3, then n260, i.e. CA\_1A-2A,
not CA\_2A-1A, but LTE and NR combinations are separately sorted, i.e.
DC\_2A\_n1A, entries with (n) are always between the LTE and NR lists.

\- Bandwidth notations are either a single character according to the BW
class lists of contiguously aggregated carriers, two of these characters
in case of combinations with (n) or for NR non-contiguous intra-band
combinations specific expressions listing multiple carriers within "()".

\- Within the "()" of non-contiguous NR combinations there will only be
BW class letters for the BW class of contiguous sub-blocks preceded by a
number indicating the number of sub-blocks of this BW class, if there
are multiple different BW classes they are listed in ascending BW class
order separated by "-".

Examples of correct notations are as follows:

\- DC\_1A-2A\_n260(A-M)

\- DC\_1A-2A-2A-2A\_n3(3A)

\- DC\_1A-(n)2AA-n3A

\- DC\_1A-2A-3A-4A-5A\_n6A-n260(2A-3G-Q)

\- Some incorrect examples we have seen: DC\_1A-2A\_n3A(3A) (no "A"
before the bracket); DC\_2A-1A\_n3(3A) (wrong sort order of LTE bands);
DC\_1A- 2A\_n260(A-M) (a " " (space) between the "-" and the "2";
DC\_1A-2A\_n260A/G/H/I/J/K/L/M (no "/" allowed within a configuration,
multiple configurations not allowed within the notation, use separate
configuration notations for each configuration).

Currently this notation for the CA/DC configurations is used as
specified in 36.101 for LTE and 38.101 for NR. However, multiple errors
within the specifications have been observed, which motivate the need to
define the following rules how to handle the CA/DC configurations in the
-101 specs. Below are the general rules how to implement these band
combinations within the CA/DC configurations within the tables in clause
5.5:

\- Each cell of the configuration table should contain only one
combination of bands in the first column with the exception that
combinations having the same bands but different intra-band contiguous
BW classes can be listed in the same cell. Also all non-contiguous
combinations can be listed in one cell, but separated from the
contiguous combinations in another cell.

\- In the UL column there shall only be UL configurations that belong to
the configurations in the first column. Unfortunately this means that in
the UL column there can be higher order configurations than some of the
configurations in the first column, however, they cannot be used with
such a lower order combination. This was agreed some time ago as a
"table simplification", but creates some hassle as there are UL
combinations listed that cannot be supported with the DLs.

\- Multiple configurations with different bandwidth classes shall be
separated by pressing the return key, you will see the
![](./media/image4.png){width="0.1267060367454068in"
height="0.1639730971128609in"} sign at the end of the line if you
activated the button to view these special characters, no other special
characters to separate configuration shall be used.

\- There shall be no special characters not belonging to the
combinations in any configuration cell, no spaces " ", "/", ".", or any
other special characters.

\- If there are notes for a specific configuration, the note shall be
using superscript font and added at the end of the configuration list
within a cell, not anywhere within the configuration or separated with
any other characters, multiple notes shall be separated just by a comma,
all in superscript.

6.1C Adding or removing channel BW's in NR CA configurations
------------------------------------------------------------

### 6.1C.1 Adding channel BW's in NR CA configurations

If it is discovered that it was forgotten to define a channel bandwidth
when defining a band combination, the correct way is to define a new BCS
row for that band combination. Such a definition of a new BCS follows
the normally procedures of definitions of new BCS's.

Preferably no exceptions should be made to the rule above. Exception can
only be if all UE vendors can confirm that \...

a\) no existing UE advertises the affected channel bandwidth (in the
channel-BW bitmap) or the affected band combination (in the
supportedBandCombinationList), or

b\) all existing UEs that advertise the affected channel bandwidth and
the band combination support and accept the configuration of that
channel bandwidth in that BC.

The rule to follow by CR-authors and basket WI rapporteurs:

\- If a channel bandwidth is added to an existing bandwidth combination
set [and]{.underline} if this channel bandwidth was already defined in
Table 5.3.5-1 ("Channel bandwidths for each NR band") in a previous
version of the specification:

*- The change is non-backwards-compatible and needs to be documented on
the CR cover page with the wording "*The addition of the channel
bandwidth XXX to BCS\#Y of band combination ABC is intentional and
potential non-backwards compatible (NBC) impact have been considered.

### 6.1C.2 Removing channel BW's in NR CA configurations

#### 6.1C.2.1 Removing of not possible channel BW's

If it is discovered that a channel bandwidth in a band combination set
is defined for a band that is not defined in Table 5.3.5-1 ("Channel
bandwidths for each NR band") it needs to be removed. Such a removal is
not a non-backward compatible change. This is a correction of an
inconsistency in the specification.

#### 6.1C.2.2 Removing of possible channel BW's

If it is discovered that a channel bandwidth was mistakenly included
when defining the band combination, the correct way is to define a new
BCS row in that band combination. Such a definition of a new BCS follows
the normally procedures of definitions of new BCS's.

Preferably no exceptions should be made to that rule. Exception can only
be if all UE vendors can confirm that \...

a\) no existing UE advertises the affected channel bandwidth (in the
channel-BW bitmap) or the affected band combination (in the
supportedBandCombinationList).

The rule to follow by CR-authors and basket WI rapporteurs:

\- If a channel bandwidth is removed from an existing bandwidth
combination set [and]{.underline} if this channel bandwidth was already
defined in Table 5.3.5-1 ("Channel bandwidths for each NR band") in a
previous version of the specification:

*- The change is non-backwards-compatible and needs to be documented on
the CR cover page with the wording "*The removal of the channel
bandwidth XXX to BCS\#Y of band combination ABC is intentional and
potential non-backwards compatible (NBC) impact have been considered.

6.2 Guidelines on band combination fallbacks
--------------------------------------------

### 6.2.1 General definition of fallbacks

**In the 36.101 and 38.101 specs thousands of band combinations for LTE,
EN-DC, NR-DC... are specified having at least two carriers, but in most
cases many more than two carriers. There are already many rules and
definitions for these configurations.**

**Definitions:**

-- A fallback DC, CA or SUL configuration is a configuration, where one
of the carriers of the higher order configuration is removed.

-- A mandatory fallback is a fallback that is mandatory to be specified
in the UE specification and supported by the UE.

-- **A Fallback Group is specified for contiguous CA, only fallback
configurations within the same fallback group need to be supported.**

**Explanations and rules:**

*--* A higher order configuration has generally the same number of
fallbacks as it has carriers, i.e. a configuration with 4 carriers has 4
next level fallbacks.

*-* Example: CA\_n1A-n2A-n3A-n4A has the 4 next level fallbacks
CA\_n2A-n3A-n4A, CA\_n1A-n3A-n4A, CA\_n1A-n2A-n4A, CA\_n1A-n2A-n3A,
where the first, the second, the third and the fourth carrier have been
removed.

*-* For intra-band CA some of the fallbacks are identical, so that the
number of unique fallbacks can be lower than the number of carriers. For
contiguous intra-band CA there is only one unique fallback, for
non-contiguous intra-band CA as well. For contiguous intra-band
configurations removing one of the middle carriers would not result in a
valid fallback, since this would transform the contiguous configuration
to a non-contiguous configuration. But for the combination of contiguous
and non-contiguous intra-band CA there will usually be more than one
unique fallback left.

*-* Example: CA\_n1(3A) would have three fallbacks, where the first, the
second or the third carrier would be removed, but in all three cases the
resulting fallback is the same: CA\_n1(2A), so we only have one unique
fallback configuration left out of the three.

*-* Example: CA\_n1D would have three fallbacks, where the first, the
second or the third carrier would be removed, but in all three cases the
resulting fallback is the same: CA\_n1C, so we only have one unique
fallback configuration left out of the three. Additionally removing the
middle carrier doesn't result in a valid fallback, since it would change
the contiguous configuration to a non-contiguous one.

*-* Example: CA\_n265R12 would have twelve fallbacks, where the first,
the second ... twelfth carrier would be removed, but in all twelve cases
the resulting fallback is the same: CA\_n265R11, so we only have one
unique fallback configuration left out of the twelve. Also here removing
one of the middle carrier doesn't result in a valid fallback, since it
would change the contiguous configuration to a non-contiguous one.

*-* Example: CA\_n1(A-C) would have three fallbacks, where the first,
the second or the third carrier would be removed, this would result in
CA\_n1C, CA\_n1(2A), CA\_n1(2A) as fallbacks, where the last two are
duplicates, so in this case we have two unique fallback configurations
left out of the three: CA\_n1C and CA\_n1(2A).

*-* For intra-band contiguous CA we have to follow the fallback groups.
Only fallbacks within this group can be used, BW classes outside the
fallback group are no legal fallbacks.

\- Example: CA\_n1D falls back to CA\_n1C.

*-* Example: CA\_n1C falls back to CA\_n1A, BUT NOT to CA\_n1B, since
this is in a different fallback group.

*-* Example: CA\_n265I (FR2) falls back to CA\_n265H, this falls back to
CA\_n265G, this falls back to CA\_n265A, NOT to CA\_n265F.

*-* For combined contiguous and non-contiguous intra-band CA, which is
mainly used for FR2, there will be many fallbacks, especially when there
is a large number of carriers, but also there some fallbacks after
removing a carrier may be duplicates.

*-* Example: CA\_n265(A-G-H), removing the "A" carrier results in
CA\_n265(G-H), removing one of the "G" carriers results in
CA\_n265(A-A-H), which will be correctly written as CA\_n265(2A-H),
removing one of the "H" carrier will result in CA\_n265(A-G-G), which
will be correctly written as CA\_n265(A-2G), so we get three unique
configurations out of these six carriers.

### 6.2.2 Mandatory Fallbacks

**In general all fallbacks need to be specified and supported until we
end up at a single carrier. So it is necessary to generate a fallback
tree starting at the configuration with the highest number of carriers
down to a single carrier.**

*--* A configuration has as many fallback levels as the highest order
combination has carriers. For example a four carrier combination will
have four three carrier fallbacks, each of these has three two carrier
fallbacks, each of these would end up in single carriers. However, in
this chain there will again be some duplicates.

Example: CA\_n1A-n2A-n3A-n4An has these fallbacks:

\- CA\_n2A-n3A-n4A, CA\_n1A-n3A-n4A, CA\_n1A-n2A-n4A, CA\_n1A-n2A-n3A.

These four combinations have these two carrier fallbacks (colors as
above):

\- CA\_n3A-n4A, CA\_n2A-n4A, CA\_n2A-n3A, CA\_n3A-n4A, CA\_n1A-n4A,
CA\_n1A-n3A, CA\_n2A-n4A, CA\_n1A-n4A, CA\_n1A-n2A, CA\_n2A-n3A,
CA\_n1A-n3A, CA\_n1A-n2A.

As we see there are several duplicates, removing these we end up with
these second level fallbacks:

\- CA\_n3A-n4A, CA\_n2A-n4A, CA\_n2A-n3A, CA\_n1A-n4A, CA\_n1A-n3A,
CA\_n1A-n2A.

*-* All of these end up in 4 single carriers of n1A, n2A, n3A and n4A.

*-* This is a recursive action, we first have to check the next lower
level fallbacks, then take these as the basis for the next lower level
and so on, until we end up with single carriers.

*-* All fallbacks for these DC, CA or SUL combinations are mandatory to
be supported, as long as the corresponding UL is supported as well.

One relatively simple example of such a combination is
DC\_2A\_n261(H-I). But already this simple example generates a fallback
tree with 12 fallbacks when going from 8 carriers to a single dual
carrier DC combination. This is shown in figure 6.2.2-1:

![](./media/image5.emf){width="7.2824343832021in"
height="1.1481485126859143in"}

Figure 6.2.2-1: Fallback tree for DC\_2A\_n261(H-I)

There are much more complicated CA combinations that will create many
more combinations like CA\_n260(2A-2O-Q) and there are many of these
combinations. For CA\_n260(2A-2O-Q) for example there is a fallback tree
with 46 unique fallback combinations (all duplicates already removed).
This combination is already in 38.101, however, most of these fallbacks
were initially missing and added later.

All of these fallbacks have to be specified in 38.101 specs and need to
be supported by the UE.

### 6.2.3 Fallbacks of EN-DC Configurations

In 38.101-3 we find this general rule on fallbacks for EN-DC
combinations:

*"A terminal which supports an inter-band EN-DC configuration with a
certain UL configuration shall support the all lower order DL
configurations of the lower order EN-DC combinations, which have this
certain UL configuration and the fallbacks of this UL configuration. "*

Of course this means that we have to support all fallbacks for which
this rule is fulfilled.

This rule is a restriction of the general rule that all fallbacks need
to be supported. The reason is that there can be combinations, for which
the UL is not supported, of course when there is no UL, also the DL
combination doesn't make sense anymore.

*-* Assumption: DC\_1A-2A\_n3A is the DL configuration and DC\_1A\_n3A
is supported as the UL.

*-* DC\_1A-2A\_n3A as DL configuration has DC\_1A\_n3A, DC\_2A\_n3A as
next level fallbacks.

*-* The fallback DC\_1A\_n3A has the same UL DC\_1A\_n3A as the higher
order combination, therefore this fallback is mandatory to be supported.

*-* The fallback DC\_2A\_n3A would need DC\_2A\_n3A as the UL, but only
DC\_1A\_n3A is supported for the UL of the higher order combination,
therefore this fallback is not mandatory to be supported.

Fallbacks from EN-DC to E-UTRA only or NR only configurations need to be
supported as well. For example if we have a configuration
DC\_1A-2A-3A\_n4A-n5A of course the constituent LTE combination
CA\_1A-2A-3A as well as NR CA\_n4A-n5A need to be specified in 36.101
and 38.101 respectively and it is mandatory to support them, since the
EN-DC combination is based on them.

### 6.2.4 Fallbacks of UL Configurations

Of course fallbacks of UL configurations need to be specified and
supported as well.

*--* All fallbacks of UL configurations with higher order need to be
supported down to a single carrier.

*-* Example: UL CA\_n265M needs these UL fallbacks: CA\_n265L,
CA\_n265K, CA\_n265J, CA\_n265I, CA\_n265H, CA\_n265G, n265A.

*-* Example: UL EN-DC DC\_1A\_n265M needs these UL fallbacks:
DC\_1A\_n265L, DC\_1A\_n265K, DC\_1A\_n265J, DC\_1A\_n265I,
DC\_1A\_n265H, DC\_1A\_n265G, DC\_1A\_n265A.

Generally there is the rule that UL configurations can only have the
same, or less carriers that are part of the DL configuration, as an
example it is not allowed to have an UL configuration DC\_1A\_n265M for
a DL configuration DC\_1A\_n265H.

### 6.2.5 Fallback rules for some exceptional cases

For some band combinations which include SDL bands (e.g. band n75)
and/or only DL Scell bands (band combinations including band n7/7 and
band n38/38 together), some fallback band combinations which can't be
deployed in reality can't be considered as fallbacks.

For example:

*--* DC\_1A\_n75A-n78A: fallback is DC\_1A\_n78A. And DC\_1A\_n75A which
can't be deployed in reality can't be considered as fallbacks. All
fallbacks of UL configurations with higher order need to be supported
down to a single carrier.

*--* DC\_1A-7A\_n38A-n78A: fallbacks are DC\_1A-7A\_n78A and
DC\_1A\_n38A-n78A. DC\_1A-7A\_n38A and DC\_7A\_n38A-78A which can't be
deployed in reality can't be considered as fallbacks.

*--* DL CA\_n1A-n7A-n38A: fallbacks are DL CA\_n1A-n7A and DL
CA\_n1A-n38A. DL CA\_n7A-n38A which can't be deployed in reality can't
be considered as fallbacks.

Generally, this special principle can be summarized as below. For a band
combinations, if one RAT (LTE part or NR part) of this BC only include
SDL band(s) and/or only DL Scell band(s), this BC which can't be
deployed in reality can't be considered as fallbacks.

### 6.2.6 Guidelines on valid CBW for higher order BC depending on fallbacks

In current RAN4 specifications, for traditional BCS, some new CBWs such
as 35MHz/45MHz were added in the higher order combinations but not yet
introduced in the corresponding fallback lower order combinations. It
results in the inconsistencies and leads some extra maintenance work to
remove the CBWs in the higher order combinations that are missing in the
lower fallbacks for traditional BCS. The following guidelines on valid
CBW for new higher order BC request in traditional BCS from Rel-18 are
to be supported. Note that for BCS4 and 5, the guideline does not apply.

*--* The per band supported channel bandwidths in a new higher order
band combination from Rel-18 with traditional BCS should be a subset of
or equal to channel bandwidths supported for the same band in at least
one of the corresponding lower order band combination of the BCS.

*--* Band combination with the supported per channel bandwidths not
meeting the above guidance should not be requested.

6.3 Guidelines on delta T~IB~ and R~IB~ due to band combinations
----------------------------------------------------------------

To optimize the tables of ΔT~IB,c~ and ΔR~IB,c~ due to band
combinations, a new template for Rel-18 is proposed in clause 8.3.2 in
TR 38.862.

Regarding to the optimized template for ΔT~IB,c~ and ΔR~IB,c~ tables,
only the configurations having the same component E-UTRA / NR bands can
be grouped into one cell (row). For example, in Table 6.3-1 for the
ΔT~IB,c~ of the following inter-band EN-DC configurations, since the
component bands are not the same, two rows should be filled separately
in the new template. However, for the configurations
"**DC\_3-7-8\_n1-n78**", "**DC\_3-3-7-8\_n1-n78**",
"**DC\_3-7-7-8\_n1-n78**" and "**DC\_3-3-7-7-8\_n1-n78**" having the
same component bands, they should be merged into one cell.

Table 6.3-1: Example for ΔT~IB,c~ for Inter-band EN-DC configurations

+--------------------------------+-------------------+---------------+
| Inter-band EN-DC configuration | E-UTRA or NR Band | ΔT~IB,c~ (dB) |
+--------------------------------+-------------------+---------------+
| **DC\_3-7-8\_n1-n78**          | **3**             | **0.6**       |
|                                |                   |               |
| **DC\_3-3-7-8\_n1-n78**        |                   |               |
|                                |                   |               |
| **DC\_3-7-7-8\_n1-n78**        |                   |               |
|                                |                   |               |
| **DC\_3-3-7-7-8\_n1-n78**      |                   |               |
|                                |                   |               |
| DC\_3-7\_n1-n8-n78             |                   |               |
|                                |                   |               |
| DC\_3-3-7\_n1-n8-n78           |                   |               |
|                                |                   |               |
| DC\_3-7-7\_n1-n8-n78           |                   |               |
|                                |                   |               |
| DC\_3-3-7-7\_n1-n8-n78         |                   |               |
+--------------------------------+-------------------+---------------+
|                                | **7**             | **0.6**       |
+--------------------------------+-------------------+---------------+
|                                | **8 or n8**       | **0.6**       |
+--------------------------------+-------------------+---------------+
|                                | **n1**            | **0.6**       |
+--------------------------------+-------------------+---------------+
|                                | **n78**           | **0.8**       |
+--------------------------------+-------------------+---------------+

+--------------------+--------------------+-----+-----+-----+-----+
| Inter-band EN-DC   | ΔT~IB,c~ for       |     |     |     |     |
| configuration      | E-UTRA band / NR   |     |     |     |     |
|                    | band (dB)^6^       |     |     |     |     |
+--------------------+--------------------+-----+-----+-----+-----+
|                    | Component band in  |     |     |     |     |
|                    | order of bands in  |     |     |     |     |
|                    | configuration^7^   |     |     |     |     |
+--------------------+--------------------+-----+-----+-----+-----+
| **D                | 0.6                | 0.6 | 0.6 | 0.6 | 0.8 |
| C\_3-7-8\_n1-n78** |                    |     |     |     |     |
|                    |                    |     |     |     |     |
| **DC\              |                    |     |     |     |     |
| _3-3-7-8\_n1-n78** |                    |     |     |     |     |
|                    |                    |     |     |     |     |
| **DC\              |                    |     |     |     |     |
| _3-7-7-8\_n1-n78** |                    |     |     |     |     |
|                    |                    |     |     |     |     |
| **DC\_3            |                    |     |     |     |     |
| -3-7-7-8\_n1-n78** |                    |     |     |     |     |
+--------------------+--------------------+-----+-----+-----+-----+
| DC\_3-7\_n1-n8-n78 | 0.6                | 0.6 | 0.6 | 0.6 | 0.8 |
|                    |                    |     |     |     |     |
| DC                 |                    |     |     |     |     |
| \_3-3-7\_n1-n8-n78 |                    |     |     |     |     |
|                    |                    |     |     |     |     |
| DC                 |                    |     |     |     |     |
| \_3-7-7\_n1-n8-n78 |                    |     |     |     |     |
|                    |                    |     |     |     |     |
| DC\_               |                    |     |     |     |     |
| 3-3-7-7\_n1-n8-n78 |                    |     |     |     |     |
+--------------------+--------------------+-----+-----+-----+-----+

**Guideline 1: It is supposed that only the configurations having the
same component E-UTRA / NR bands can be grouped into one cell (row) for
the new ΔT~IB,c~ and ΔR~IB,c~ templates.**

With regard to the values for a band combination in the ΔT~IB,c~ /
ΔR~IB,c~ table, considering that a statement of 'Unless otherwise
stated, ΔT~IB,c~ / ΔR~IB,c~ is set to zero' having been specified in the
general part of specification, it is reasonable to remove the
combination in the ΔT~IB,c~ / ΔR~IB,c~ table with all component band
having the value of '-' (zero). For example in the following ΔR~IB,c~
Table 6.3-2, the CA combinations CA\_n1-n3-n5, CA\_n1-n3-n18 and
CA\_n1-n3-n20 do not need to be listed in the table.

Table 6.3-2: Example for ΔR~IB,c~ for Inter-band CA configurations

  ------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------- ----- -----
  **Inter-band CA combination**   **ΔR~IB,c~ for NR bands (dB)^9^**                                 
                                  **Component band in order of bands in configuration^10^**         
  ~~CA\_n1-n3-n5~~                \-                                                          \-    \-
  CA\_n1-n3-n8                    0.2                                                         0.2   0.5
  ~~CA\_n1-n3-n18~~               \-                                                          \-    \-
  ~~CA\_n1-n3-n20~~               \-                                                          \-    \-
  ------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------- ----- -----

**Guideline 2: For the band combination with all the component bands
having the ΔT~IB,c~ / ΔR~IB,c~ values as '-' (zero), there is no need to
be listed in the ΔT~IB,c~ / ΔR~IB,c~ table.**

There are some special delta TIB and RIB values for the band
combinations having SUL, SDL, immediately close component band, band
combination with overlapping component band, and EN-DC combination with
LTE LAA component band in the current specifications. However, the
denotations for the delta TIB and RIB values for these special
constituent band are inconsistent among different band combinations,
some of which having the value of "-", some of which having the value of
"N/A", while some of others having the value of non-zero number. To
avoid inconsistencies, the following guideline is applied to the band
combinations having special component band.

**Guideline 3: For the component bands which are special bands such as
SDL band, SUL band, immediately close band, band combination with
overlapping band, and EN-DC combination with LTE LAA band, etc.**

\- Non-zero value is not allowed for the special bands in the delta
TIB/RIB tables.

\- If uplink is not supported on a constituted band of the DC/CA band
combination, \"N/A\" is used when deriving the delta T requirements for
that constituted band of the band combination.

\- If downlink is not supported on a constituted band of the DC/CA band
combination, \"N/A\" is used when deriving the delta R requirements for
that constituted band of the band combination.

6.4 Guidelines on simplification for CA configurations
------------------------------------------------------

For CA configurations in the columns for DL and UL CA configurations,
all the possible configurations are explicitly listed in the current CA
configuration tables. However, the redundancy issue is becoming more and
more serious in the CA configuration tables especially when multiple
component frequency bands are involved. The permutation of component
bands and CA BW classes results in explosive size of CA configuration
table. In order to alleviate the workload for Rel-18 basket WID
rapporteurs, the following guideline is proposed to CA configuration
tables.

**Guideline 1: There shall be no special characters such as " ", ",",
".", "/" or any other special character not belonging to the
combinations with the exception that the delimiter "/" is allowed in the
FR2 part of the uplink configurations. A note as below is suggested to
be added at the end of the configuration tables.**

Note: The delimiter "/" will only be used in the uplink configurations
for the sake of simplicity. For example, CA\_nxA-nyA/B/C denotes
CA\_nxA-nyA, CA\_nxA-nyB and CA\_nxA-nyC, where nx and ny are two NR
bands, ny is a FR2 band and A, B and C are the corresponding bandwidth
classes respectively.

**Table 6.4-1: Example for simplified inter-band CA configuration
table**

+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| NR CA        | Uplink       | NR Band | Channel      | Bandwidth    |
| c            | configu      |         | bandwidth    | combination  |
| onfiguration | ration^(\*)^ |         | (MHz) (NOTE  | set          |
|              |              |         | 1)           |              |
+==============+==============+=========+==============+==============+
| CA\_n2       | CA\_n2A-n77A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A-n77A-n260A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA           |         |              |              |
|              | \_n77A-n260A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n2A-n260A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n260    | 50, 100,     |              |
|              |              |         | 200, 400     |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | CA\_n2A-n77A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A-n77A-n260G |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n260A/G |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n77A-n260A/G |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n260    | CA\_n260G    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | CA\_n2A-n77A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A-n77A-n260H |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n        |         |              |              |
|              | 2A-n260A/G/H |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n7       |         |              |              |
|              | 7A-n260A/G/H |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n260    | CA\_n260H    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | CA\_n2A-n77A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A-n77A-n260I |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A      |         |              |              |
|              | -n260A/G/H/I |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n77A     |         |              |              |
|              | -n260A/G/H/I |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n260    | CA\_n260I    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | CA\_n2A-n77A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A-n77A-n260J |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n    |         |              |              |
|              | 260A/G/H/I/J |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n77A-n   |         |              |              |
|              | 260A/G/H/I/J |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n260    | CA\_n260J    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | CA\_n2A-n77A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A-n77A-n260K |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n26  |         |              |              |
|              | 0A/G/H/I/J/K |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n77A-n26 |         |              |              |
|              | 0A/G/H/I/J/K |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n260    | CA\_n260K    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | CA\_n2A-n77A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A-n77A-n260L |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n2A-n260A |         |              |              |
|              | /G/H/I/J/K/L |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA           |         |              |              |
|              | \_n77A-n260A |         |              |              |
|              | /G/H/I/J/K/L |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n260    | CA\_n260L    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | CA\_n2A-n77A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A-n77A-n260M |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n260A/G |         |              |              |
|              | /H/I/J/K/L/M |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n77A-n260A/G |         |              |              |
|              | /H/I/J/K/L/M |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n260    | CA\_n260M    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| Note (\*):   |              |         |              |              |
| The          |              |         |              |              |
| delimiter    |              |         |              |              |
| "/" will     |              |         |              |              |
| only be used |              |         |              |              |
| in the       |              |         |              |              |
| uplink       |              |         |              |              |
| co           |              |         |              |              |
| nfigurations |              |         |              |              |
| for the sake |              |         |              |              |
| of           |              |         |              |              |
| simplicity.  |              |         |              |              |
| For example, |              |         |              |              |
| CA\          |              |         |              |              |
| _nxA-nyA/B/C |              |         |              |              |
| denotes      |              |         |              |              |
| CA\_nxA-nyA, |              |         |              |              |
| CA\_nxA-nyB  |              |         |              |              |
| and          |              |         |              |              |
| CA\_nxA-nyC, |              |         |              |              |
| where nx and |              |         |              |              |
| ny are two   |              |         |              |              |
| NR bands, ny |              |         |              |              |
| is a FR2     |              |         |              |              |
| band and A,  |              |         |              |              |
| B and C are  |              |         |              |              |
| the          |              |         |              |              |
| c            |              |         |              |              |
| orresponding |              |         |              |              |
| bandwidth    |              |         |              |              |
| class        |              |         |              |              |
| r            |              |         |              |              |
| espectively. |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+

6.5 Guidelines on Co-Existence analysis
---------------------------------------

### 6.5.1 Uplink Intra-Band CA with one UL CC transmissions

For harmonic mixing analysis where the UL of either band can directly or
in the form of uplink harmonic interfere the DL receive band of the
other band in the combination the following rules applies for the study
of the combinations besides the frequency range checks. The rules are
split into those of PC3 in Table 6.5.1-1 and those for PC2 or PC1.5 in
Table 6.5.1-2. The cells in grey do not require harmonic mixing
analysis. For certain UL/DL combinations an additional check on the DL
frequency of the impacted receive band must be made.

Table 6.5.1-1: PC3 and PC5 harmonic mixing rules of analysis
applicability

  **PC3 and PC5 of UL band**                                             
  ---------------------------- --------- --------- --------------------- ---------
                               **UL1**   **UL2**   **UL3**               **UL4**
  **DL2**                      TBD       N/A       DL \> 3GHz            N/A
  **DL3**                      All       All       N/A                   TBD
  **DL4**                      TBD       N/A       DL \> \[3 or 5\]GHz   N/A
  **DL5**                      All       TBD       N/A                   N/A

Table 6.5.1-2: PC2 and PC1.5 harmonic mixing rules of analysis
applicability

  **PC2 and PC1.5 of UL band**                                        
  ------------------------------ --------- --------- ---------------- ---------
                                 **UL1**   **UL2**   **UL3**          **UL4**
  **DL2**                        TBD       N/A       All               N/A
  **DL3**                        All       All        N/A             TBD
  **DL4**                        All       N/A       DL \> \[3\]GHz    N/A
  **DL5**                        All       TBD        N/A             N/A 

The TBD's in tables 6.5.1-1 and 6.5.1-2 shall be further evaluated based
on companies technical analysis during Rel-18.

### 6.5.2 Uplink Intra-Band CA with two UL CC transmissions

When adding a band combination including two uplink transmission in one
UL Intra-Band Carrier Aggregation this study is needed for both
non-contiguous and contiguous intra-band uplink CA.

There are 5 cases to consider where IMDs of the two CCs of an intra-band
UL CA may cause MSD issues:

-- FDD band with DL and UL contiguous intra-band CA (CA\_nXXB/ C UL and
DL) =\> IMDs of intra band CA can cause MSD up to 7th order, only odd
orders should be an issue.

-- FDD band with DL and UL non-contiguous intra-band CA CA\_nXX(2A) UL
and DL) =\> IMDs of intra band CA can cause MSD up to 7th order, only
odd orders should be an issue.

-- Two band simultaneous Rx/Tx combinations with 1 band UL with
contiguous intra-band CA =\> IMDs of intra band CA can cause MSD up to
9th order, only odd order should be an issue as 2nd and 4th order are
limited to 400MHz and higher even orders are typically low.

-- Two band simultaneous Rx/Tx combinations with 1 band UL with
non-contiguous intra-band CA =\> IMDs of intra band CA can cause MSD up
to 7th order, 2nd order can be up to 600MHz and should not be an issue
while 4th order can be an issue for low bands as it can reach up to
1200Mhz and higher even orders are typically low.

-- Two band simultaneous Rx/Tx combinations with 2 band UL with
contiguous intra-band CA in one of the bands =\> IMDs of intra band CA
can cause MSD up to 7th order, 2nd order can be up to 600MHz and should
not be an issue while 4th order can be an issue for low bands as it can
reach up to 1200Mhz and higher even orders are typically low.

-- The assumption that out of even order IMDs, only 4th order IMD is an
issue, is based on the fact that in R18:

*-* Maximum UL aggregated BW for contiguous intra-band is 200MHz.

*-* Maximum bandwidth separation class is 600MHz.

-- Two band simultaneous Rx/Tx combinations with 2 band UL with
non-contiguous intra-band CA in one of the bands is not considered
because it would require 3 non-contiguous UL clusters which is not
allowed in R18.

Based on the above, an IMD calculation table can be made generic for all
above cases as shown in Table 6.5.2-1.

Table 6.5.2-1: Co-existence studies for uplink configurations including
intra-band UL CA

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Config  | Channel | Minimum | Maximum | Minimum | Maximum |         |
| uration |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | BW      | Channel | Instan  | fr      | fr      |         |
|         |         |         | taneous | equency | equency |         |
|         |         | sep     | UL BW   |         |         |         |
|         |         | aration |         |         |         |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| Data    |         |         |         |         |         | \-      |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CC      | fU1L    | fU2L    | fU3L    | fU1H    | fU2H    | fU3H    |
| l       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ocation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Fr      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| equency |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 2nd     | I       | I       | fU1L +  | fU      | \-      | > \-    |
|         | fU      | fU      | fU2L    | 1H+fU2H |         |         |
|         | 1L-fU2L | 1L-fU3L |         |         |         |         |
|         | I       | I       |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Inter   |         |         |         |         | \-      | > \-    |
| ference |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ranges  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 3rd     | 2\*fU   | 2\*fU   | 2\*fU1L | 2\*fU1H | \-      | > \-    |
|         | 1L-fU3L | 1H-fU3H | + fU2L  | + fU2H  |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Inter   |         |         |         |         | \-      | > \-    |
| ference |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ranges  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 4th     | I       | I       | 3\*fU1L | 3\*fU1H | 3\*fU1L | 3\*fU1H |
|         | 2\*fU1L | 2\*fU1H | - fU3L  | - fU3H  | + fU2L  | + fU2H  |
|         | -       | -       |         |         |         |         |
|         | 2\*fU2L | 2\*fU3H |         |         |         |         |
|         | I       | I       |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Inter   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ference |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ranges  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 5th     | I       | I       | 4\*fU   | 4\*fU   | 4\*fU   | 4\*fU   |
|         | 3       | 3       | 1L-fU3L | 1H-fU3H | 1L+fU2L | 1H+fU2H |
|         | \*fU1L- | \*fU1H- |         |         |         |         |
|         | 2\*fU3L | 2\*fU3H |         |         |         |         |
|         | I       | I       |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Inter   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ference |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ranges  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 6th     | I       | I       | 4       | 4       | 5\*fU   | 5\*fU   |
|         | 3       | 3       | \*fU1L- | \*fU1H- | 1L-fU3L | H1-fU3H |
|         | \*fU1L- | \*fU1H- | 2\*fU3L | 2\*fU3H |         |         |
|         | 3\*fU2L | 3\*fU3H |         |         |         |         |
|         | I       | I       |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Inter   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ference |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ranges  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 7th     | I       | I       | 5       | 5       | 6\*fU   | 6\*fU   |
|         | 4       | 4       | \*fU1L- | \*fU1H- | 1L-fU3L | 1H-fU3H |
|         | \*fU1L- | \*fU1H- | 2\*fU3L | 2\*fU3H |         |         |
|         | 3\*fU3L | 3\*fU3H |         |         |         |         |
|         | I       | I       |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Inter   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ference |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ranges  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 9th     | I       | I       | 6       | 6       | 7       | 7       |
|         | 5       | 5       | \*fU1L- | \*fU1H- | \*fU1L- | \*fU1H- |
|         | \*fU1L- | \*fU1H- | 3\*fU3L | 3\*fU3H | 2\*fU3L | 2\*fU3H |
|         | 4\*fU3L | 4\*fU3H |         |         |         |         |
|         | I       | I       |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Inter   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ference |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ranges  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

If any issues are identified via the calculations presented in Table
6.5.2-1 additional REFSENS requirements may be needed.

[In the Table 6.5.2-1 the following abbreviations is used:]{.underline}

> f~U1L~ = minimum frequency of TX aggressor band of ULCC1 lower band
> range (i.e. Minimum frequency edge of the band)
>
> f~U2L~ = minimum frequency of TX aggressor band of ULCC2 lower band
> range (i.e. Minimum frequency edge of the band)
>
> f~U3L~ = maximum frequency of TX aggressor band of ULCC2 lower band
> range (i.e. Minimum frequency edge of the band + Maximum Instantaneous
> UL BW)
>
> f~U1H~ = maximum frequency of TX aggressor band of ULCC1 higher band
> range (i.e. Maximum frequency edge of the band)
>
> f~U2H~ = minimum frequency of TX aggressor band of ULCC2 higher band
> range
>
> f~U3H~ = maximum frequency of TX aggressor band of ULCC2 higher band
> range (i.e. Minimum frequency edge of the band - Maximum Instantaneous
> UL BW)
>
> f~D1L~ = minimum frequency of RX victim band of DLCC placed on the
> lower frequency side of the TX aggressor band
>
> f~D1H~ = maximum frequency of RX victim band of DLCC placed on the
> lower frequency side of the TX aggressor band
>
> f~D2L~ = minimum frequency of RX victim band of DLCC placed on the
> higher frequency side of the TX aggressor band
>
> f~D2H~ = maximum frequency of RX victim band of DLCC placed on the
> higher frequency side of the TX aggressor band
>
> Channel BW = Channel bandwidth of the component carrier.\
> - Equal to minimum UL CBW for non-contiguous UL CA\
> - Equal to the maximum UL CBW combination that fits the minimum
> between the maximum aggregated CBW for the BCS and the band bandwidth
> for contiguous UL CA
>
> Minimum channel separation = Minimum frequency separation between the
> two component carriers or the inter CC GB\
> - Equal to 0 for contiguous intra-band UL CA\
> - Equal to minimum CBW for non-contiguous ULCA
>
> Maximum channel separation = Maximum frequency separation between the
> two component carriers or aggregated uplink BW\
> - For contiguous intra-band UL CA it is equal to either the aggregated
> bandwidth or total bandwidth of the band, whatever is the smallest.\
> - For non-contiguous intra-band UL CA it is equal to either the
> bandwidth separation class bandwidth or total bandwidth of the band,
> whatever is the smallest.

Figure 6.5.2-1: Co-existence studies for Uplink Intra-Band
Non-Contiguous CA

### 6.5.3 Uplink triple beat

When adding a band combination including three uplink transmission - one
with UL intra-band carrier aggregation, which makes two tones and a
third in the form of a single uplink component carrier this study is
needed regardless if the intra-band CA is non-contiguous or contiguous
intra-band uplink CA.

Table 6.5.3-1: Band nX and Band nY triple beat IMD products

  CC location    fU1L                  fU2L                  fU3L                  fU1H                     CBW
  -------------- --------------------- --------------------- --------------------- --------------------- -- --------------------
  Frequency      \-                    \-                    \-                    \-                       .
  CC location    fSCCL                 fSCCH                 fU2H                  fU3H                     Min ch. separation
  Frequency      \-                    \-                    \-                    \-                       \-
  1st order TB   \|fU3L-fU1L-fSCCL\|   \|fU2L-fU1L-fSCCH\|   \|fU2L-fU1L+fSCCL\|   \|fU3L-fU1L+fSCCH\|      Max ch. separation
  Ranges         \-                    \-                    \-                    \-                       \-
  1st order TB   \|fU2L+fU1L-fSCCH\|   \|fU1H+fU2H-fSCCL\|   \|fU2L+fU1L+fSCCL\|   \|fU1H+fU2H+fSCCH\|      
  Ranges         \-                    \-                    \-                    \-                       

If any issues are identified via the calculations presented in Table
6.5.3-1 additional REFSENS requirements may be needed.

[In the Table 6.5.3-1 the following abbreviations is used:]{.underline}

fU1L = minimum frequency of TX aggressor band of ULCC1 lower band range
(i.e. Minimum frequency edge of the band)

fU2L = minimum frequency of TX aggressor band of ULCC2 lower band range
(i.e. Minimum frequency edge of the band)

fU3L = maximum frequency of TX aggressor band of ULCC2 lower band range
(i.e. Minimum frequency edge of the band + Maximum Instantaneous UL BW)

fU1H = maximum frequency of TX aggressor band of ULCC1 higher band range
(i.e. Maximum frequency edge of the band)

fU2H = minimum frequency of TX aggressor band of ULCC2 higher band range

fU3H = maximum frequency of TX aggressor band of ULCC2 higher band range
(i.e. Minimum frequency edge of the band - Maximum Instantaneous UL BW)

fSCCL = minimum frequency in single CC band

fSCCH = maximum frequency in single CC band

CBW = Channel BW = Channel bandwidth of the component carrier

Min ch. separation = Minimum frequency separation between the two
component carriers or the inter CC GB

Max ch. separation = Maximum frequency separation between the two CCs or
aggregated uplink BW

![](./media/image8.emf){width="6.677083333333333in"
height="1.4381944444444446in"}

Figure 6.5.3-1: Co-existence studies triple beat

[For two-band inter-band CA or DC combinations, the precondition is
that:]{.underline}

-- The 2 UL bands are part of the same band group or belong to adjacent
band groups as defined in Table 6.5.3-2.

[For three-band inter-band CA or DC combinations and triple beat in
third band, the precondition is that:]{.underline}

-- The 3rd DL band belongs to the same band group or belongs to a band
group which is adjacent to either one of the UL bands, where band groups
are defined in Table 6.5.3-2.

For the case when the victim band may be affected by a 1^st^ order
triple-beat product, proponents should systematically check if the
downlink band may be affected by dual uplink IMD3 interference. If the
test point is missing, a dual UL IMD3 MSD test point should be
specified.

If the triple beat frequency is composed of the frequency sum of the 2
discrete RBs in the contiguous UL CA (e.g.
\|fU2L+fU1L-fSCCH\|\~\|fU1H+fU2H-fSCCL\|,
\|fU2L+fU1L+fSCCL\|\~\|fU1H+fU2H+fSCCH\| in Table 6.5.3-1), there is no
need to specify the TB test configuration as the requirement can already
be verified by the fallback 2UL IMD3, as referenced in WF R4-2220556
\[9\], only the TB1 product \|f1+f2-f3\| and TB2 product \|f1-f2+f3\|
should be considered -- refer to TB landscape example of Figure 7.4-1.
The generic guidelines can be found in clause 7.4 for type 3 UL
configurations.

Table 6.5.3-2: Band group definition for adjacent band-group criterion

  -------------------------- ---------------- ---------------- ---------------- ----------------- -----------------
  **FR1 band group range**                                                                        
  **Name**                   **FR1-1 (LB)**   **FR1-2 (MB)**   **FR1-3 (HB)**   **FR1-4 (VHB)**   **FR1-5 (UHB)**
  Range (MHz)                600-1000         1400-2200        2300-2700        3300-5000         5150-7125
  Duplex mode                Mostly FDD       Mostly FDD       FDD and TDD      TDD only          TDD only
  -------------------------- ---------------- ---------------- ---------------- ----------------- -----------------

6.6 Rules for band combination with BCS4/BCS5
---------------------------------------------

### 6.6.1 Introduction of BCS4/BCS5

In NR band combination, it is a challenge for operators to request new
NR CA and SUL band combinations when new channel bandwidths are added to
existing bands in the band combinations. Operators have to go back and
create new Bandwidth Combinations Sets for existing band combinations in
order to be able to use those new channel bandwidths in NR CA and SUL.
To reduce the workload in RAN4, a new WID for creating a new type of BCS
was approved in \[8\].

BCS4/BCS5 are allowed to be applied to new band combinations in RAN4
which indicate UE to support up to all of the channel bandwidths for the
band in the band combination. BCS4 is release independent to Rel-15 with
no new signalling while BCS5 is functionally equivalent to BCS4 except
that the new signalling
\[*supportedMinBandwidthDL/supportedMinBandwidthUL*\] introduced in
Rel-17 such as the limitation to the supporting channel bandwidth in
each band within the band combination would apply, and BCS5 with the
signalling \[*supportedMinBandwidthDL/supportedMinBandwidthUL*\] is
allowed for early implementation from Rel-15. For a legacy gNB that was
not upgraded to understand BCS4 or BCS5 with the new signalling, it
would enable to ignore BCS4 or BCS5 with the new signalling.

Considering that BCSs are not defined or reported separately for UL and
DL for traditional BCSs, there is also no need to differentiate
BCS4/BCS5 for UL and DL. BCS4/BCS5 can be used for FR1 intra-band UL CA.
Table 6.6.1-1 shows the template for NR CA configurations for intra-band
contiguous CA with BCS4/BCS5. Table 6.6.1-2 shows the template for NR CA
configurations for intra-band non-contiguous CA with BCS4/BCS5. For
inter-band CA combinations including FR1 intra-band CA and with
BCS4/BCS5, the bandwidth combination sets for the FR1 intra-band CA are
BCS4/BCS5. The BCS4/BCS5 are represented in the inter-band CA
configuration table by using the option which covers inter-band and
intra-band as shown in Table 6.6.1-3. For SUL band combinations,
BCS4/BCS5 reuse the same template with inter-band CA as in Table
6.6.1-3.

> **Table 6.6.1-1: Template for NR intra-band contiguous CA
> configurations with BCS4/BCS5**

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NR CA |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| set   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
| NR CA | U     | Ch    | Ch    | Ch    | Ch    | Ch    | Ma    | Band  |
| con   | plink | annel | annel | annel | annel | annel | ximum | width |
| figur | CA    | bandw | bandw | bandw | bandw | bandw | a     | c     |
| ation | conf  | idths | idths | idths | idths | idths | ggreg | ombin |
|       | igura | for   | for   | for   | for   | for   | ated\ | ation |
|       | tions | ca    | ca    | ca    | ca    | ca    | band  | set   |
|       |       | rrier | rrier | rrier | rrier | rrier | width |       |
|       |       | (MHz) | (MHz) | (MHz) | (MHz) | (MHz) | (MHz) |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | CA    | 40    | 80,   |       |       |       | 180   | 0     |
| \_nXC | \_nXC |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 50,   | 60,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 60,   | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 80    | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | ...   | ...   |       |       |       | ...   | ...   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | See   |       |       |       | TBD   | 4 and |       |
|       |       | nX    |       |       |       |       | 5     |       |
|       |       | ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | bandw |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | idths |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | Table |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 5.    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 3.5-1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | carri |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | er^2^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1: 5  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| not   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| appli |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cable |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 30/60 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| kHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SCS.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggre |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gated |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| must  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eater |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| than  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| equal |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mi    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nimum |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| class |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Table |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5.3A  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .5-1, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sm    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aller |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| than  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| equal |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ma    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ximum |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggre |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gated |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bandw |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idth. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

> **Table 6.6.1-2: Template for NR intra-band non-contiguous CA
> configurations with BCS4/BCS5**

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  NR CA configuration / Bandwidth combination set                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
  ------------------------------------------------- -------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- --------------------- ---------------------------
  NR CA configuration                               Uplink CA configurations   Channel bandwidths for carrier (MHz)                          Channel bandwidths for carrier (MHz)   Channel bandwidths for carrier (MHz)   Channel bandwidths for carrier (MHz)   Maximum aggregated\   Bandwidth combination set
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  bandwidth (MHz)       

  CA\_nX(2A)                                        CA\_nX(2A)                 40, 50, 60, 80,100                                            40, 50, 60, 80, 100                                                                                                  180                   0

                                                                               ...                                                           ...                                                                                                                  ...                   ...

                                                                               See nX channel bandwidths in Table 5.3.5-1 for each carrier                                                                                 TBD                                    4 and 5               
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> **Table 6.6.1-3: Template for NR inter-band CA configurations
> including FR1 intra-band CA with BCS4/BCS5**

  NR CA configuration   Uplink CA configuration   NR Band   Channel bandwidth (MHz)                       Bandwidth combination set                                   
  --------------------- ------------------------- --------- --------------------------------------------- --------------------------- ---- ---- ---- ---- ----- ----- ---
                                                            5                                             10                          15   20   25   30   ...   100   
  CA\_nXA-nYA           CA\_nXA-nYA               nX        5                                             10                          15   20                         0
                                                  nY        5                                             10                          15   20   25   30               
                                                  nX        See nX channel bandwidths in Table 5.3.5-1    4 and 5                                                     
                                                  nY        See nY channel bandwidths in Table 5.3.5-1                                                                
  CA\_nXA-nYC           CA\_nXA-nYA               nX        5                                             10                          15   20                         0
                                                  nY        5                                             10                          15   20   25   30               
                                                  nX        See nX channel bandwidths in Table 5.3.5-1    4 and 5                                                     
                                                  nY        See nY channel bandwidths in Table 5.5A.1-1                                                               

With regards to the applicability of BCS4/BCS5 to FR2 intra-band
combinations, since all FR2 combinations only have BCS0 and new channel
bandwidth have not been added, BCS4/BCS5 are probably not needed for
FR2. For FR1+FR2 BCS4/BCS5 combinations the configuration table shall
state that BCS0 applies for the intra-band FR2 part (when applicable).

### 6.6.2 Guidelines for band combination with BCS4/BCS5

The following are the rules for applying BCS4/BCS5 for band combination
request:

\- BCS4/BCS5 apply to SUL, NR CA, NR DC and SUL and/or NR CA part of
inter-band MR-DC while it does not apply to intra-band MR DC.

\- BCS4/ BCS5 shall be requested together, but BCS5 can't be reported
together with BCS4.

\- For BCS4/BCS5 there is no need to add information in a BCS sheet
about which channel bandwidths that are supported since there is no such
details to be filled in for BCS4 and BCS5. For BCS4 and BCS5 it is
enough just to fill in the band combination table sheet.

\- If needed, traditional BCSs are allowed for all releases. For a new
band combination in Rel-17 and onwards, if BCS4/BCS5 are requested,
traditional BCSs are allowed pending on the proponents, the network of
the proponents of BCS4/BCS5 is demanded to recognize BCS4/BCS5.

### 6.6.3 The maximum aggregated bandwidth for intra-band CA with BCS4/BCS5

To guarantee the BCS4/BCS5 can cover all the possible bandwidth
configurations for intra-band CA, the maximum aggregated bandwidth
chosen for BCS4/BCS5 should equal to- min{n\*max channel bandwidth of
each carrier, BW~Channel\_CA~ of each CA bandwidth class, Maximum
frequency range of each band} for intra-band contiguous CA.

\- min{n\*max channel bandwidth of each carrier, Maximum frequency range
of each band - Minimum sub-block gaps} for intra-band non-contiguous CA.

where n is the number of aggregated CCs, minimum sub-block gaps
indicates the sum of the min sub-block gap between the upper edge of
lower component carrier and lower edge of higher component carrier that
UE can support per band combination in two adjacent non-contiguous
component carriers.

The value of min sub-block gaps could be clarified by the request
operator but it should try to cover the needs of all possible operators.

6.7 Guidelines on simplification for 3DL/2UL MSD due to 2UL IMD interference
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

For inter-band NR-CA or inter-band EN-DC 3DL/2UL MSD requirements due to
dual UL IMD interference, a maximum of two uplink configurations shall
be specified: one uplink configuration in each band of the 2UL
inter-band CA or DC configuration.

The UL carrier frequency \"UL F~c~\" and the UL RB allocation \"UL
L~CRB~\" of the 3^rd^ DL band which is affected by 2UL IMD interference
shall be specified as \"**N/A**\".

These guidelines are illustrated in the examples of Table 6.7-1 and
Table 6.7-2, including the special case of 3DL/2UL EN-DC combination
with only 2 frequency bands where one of the constituent bands is
configured for intra-band CA operation, for example DC\_66A\_(n)5AA
captured in Table 6.7-2.

**Table 6.7-1: Example of removing 3UL configurations for NR-CA 3DL/2UL
MSD test points due to 2UL IMD interference**

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| *     | **S   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| *Band | ource |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     | of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Ch    | IMD** |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| N~RB~ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| D     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uplex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ode** |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
| **NR  | **NR  | **UL  | **    | *     | **DL  | *     | **D   |       |
| CA    | b     | F~c~\ | UL/DL | *UL** | F~c~  | *MSD\ | uplex |       |
| band  | and** | (M    | BW\   |       | (M    | (     | m     |       |
| com   |       | Hz)** | (M    | **L~C | Hz)** | dB)** | ode** |       |
| binat |       |       | Hz)** | RB~** |       |       |       |       |
| ion** |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n1    | 1975  | 5     | 25    | 2165  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n1-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3-n28 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 710.5 | 5     | 25    | 765.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | *     | **    | 5     | **    | 1     | 4.0   | FDD   | **I   |
|       | *n3** | N/A** |       | N/A** | 818.5 |       |       | MD5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1780  | 5     | 25    | 1875  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 710.5 | 5     | 25    | 765.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | *     | **    | 5     | **    | 2139  | 11.0  | FDD   | **I   |
|       | *n1** | N/A** |       | N/A** |       |       |       | MD4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n1    | 1     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n1-n |       | 977.5 |       |       | 167.5 |       |       |       |
| 3-n41 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 712.5 |       |       | 807.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | **    | **    | 10    | **    | 2     | 5.0   | TDD   | **I   |
|       | n41** | N/A** |       | N/A** | 507.5 |       |       | MD5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

**Table 6.7-2: Example of removing 3UL configurations for EN-DC 3DL/2UL
MSD test points due to 2UL IMD interference**

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| **NR  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| E     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -UTRA |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| / NRB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MSD** |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
| **    | **    | **UL  | **    | *     | **DL  | *     | **IMD |
| EN-DC | EUTRA | F~c~\ | UL/DL | *UL** | F~c~  | *MSD\ | or    |
| Confi | / NR  | (M    | BW\   |       | (M    | (     | der** |
| gurat | b     | Hz)** | (M    | **L~C | Hz)** | dB)** |       |
| ion** | and** |       | Hz)** | RB~** |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| DC\_1 | 1     | 1975  | 5     | 25    | 2165  | N/A   | N/A   |
| A-3A\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _n28A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| DC\_1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| A-3C\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _n28A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | **3** | **    | 5     | **    | 1     | 4.0   | **I   |
|       |       | N/A** |       | N/A** | 818.5 |       | MD5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 710.5 | 5     | 25    | 765.5 | N/A   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | **1** | **    | 5     | **    | 2139  | 11.0  | **I   |
|       |       | N/A** |       | N/A** |       |       | MD4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | 3     | 1780  | 5     | 25    | 1875  | N/A   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 710.5 | 5     | 25    | 765.5 | N/A   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| DC\_  | 66    | 1721  | 5     | 25    | 2121  | N/A   | N/A   |
| 66A-( |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n)5AA |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | **5** | **    | 5     | **    | 878   | 25    | **I   |
|       |       | N/A** |       | N/A** |       |       | MD2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 838   | 5     | 25    | 883   | 30    | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

6.8 Guidelines on configuration tables
--------------------------------------

### 6.8.1 CA configuration table

The CA configuration table in TS 38.101-1/-2/-3 provides the information
of channel bandwidth, SCS and bandwidth combination set of the bands for
each CA configuration. The uplink CA configuration information is also
included in the configuration tables for the allowed UL CA
configurations supported by the specification.

For inter-band CA configuration table, considering the huge number of
configurations introduced into the spec, the guideline for the spec
structure is as below:

\- All combinations having the same number of constituent bands are
categorized into one sub-clause, see Fig 6.8.1-1.

\- For two bands inter-band CA configuration table in TS 38.101-1
5.5A.3.1, a "sub-table-group" tag is suggested to be applied for the
purpose of easier retrieval, see Fig 6.8.1-2.

\- For the other inter-band CA configuration tables which have huge
configurations of more than 50 pages, the big table could be split to a
limited number of up to three smaller sub-tables. The sub-tables should
not have less than 40 pages and the maximum number should be 3
sub-tables after the split.

![](./media/image9.png){width="5.138888888888889in"
height="1.2284722222222222in"}

Figure 6.8.1-1 Example for sub-clauses for inter-band CA configurations

![](./media/image10.png){width="4.896527777777778in"
height="0.9854166666666667in"}

Figure 6.8.1-2 Example for "sub-table-group" tag for two bands
inter-band CA configurations

For CA within FR1 bands, TS 38.101-1 \[4\] provides the CA configuration
tables for intra-band contiguous CA, intra-band non-contiguous CA and
inter-band CA for NR FR1 bands. The additional information for maximum
aggregated bandwidth is set for intra-band contiguous and intra-band
non-contiguous CA configuration tables for FR1.

For CA within FR2 bands, TS 38.101-2 \[5\] provides the CA configuration
tables for intra-band contiguous CA, intra-band non-contiguous CA and
inter-band CA for NR FR2 bands. The additional information for maximum
aggregated bandwidth is set for intra-band contiguous and intra-band
non-contiguous CA configuration tables in TS 38.101-2 \[5\]. For
intra-band non-contiguous CA, the concept of sub-block is applied to
FR2. Sub-blocks belonging to a CA configuration can be in any order.
This means a certain CA configuration acronym includes all sub-block
arrangements which have exactly the same sub-block set. As an example,
CA\_n260(2G-3O) denotes CA\_n260(2O-2G-O), CA\_n260(G-3O-G) etc, but
these are not listed in tables separately.

For CA between FR1 and FR2 bands, TS 38.101-3 \[6\] provides the
inter-band CA configuration tables for NR bands between FR1 and FR2.

For the uplink CA configuration, "-" in the configuration table denotes
that non-CA operation is supported in this configuration, i.e. only
single carrier operation for the constituent band is used for uplink.

For the sake of brevity and to reduce the size of CA configuration
tables, instead of showing explicitly in the CA configuration tables,
the SCS info for each NR band in the configuration is referred to the
channel bandwidths for each NR band in clause 5.3.5 of TS 38.101-1 \[4\]
and TS 38.101-2 \[5\]. For configurations including intra-band
contiguous part, the detail configuration for this part is referred to
the corresponding intra-band contiguous CA configuration table.
Examples:

For NR inter-band CA configuration with two bands in FR1, Table 6.8.1-1
illustrates that,

\- CA\_n1A-n3A consists of two NR bands n1 and n3 whose SCS values are
defined in Table 6.8.1-2. For example, for NR band n1, the supported
channel bandwidth in BCS0 is 5MHz, 10MHz, 15MHz and 20MHz where channel
bandwidth 5MHz supports SCS with only 15kHz, channel bandwidths 10MHz,
15MHz and 20MHz support all SCS of {15kHz, 30kHz, 60kHz}.

\- CA\_n1B-n3A having intra-band contiguous part CA\_n1B, the
configuration of band n1 for the corresponding CA part is referred to
CA\_n1B\_BCS0 defined in intra-band contiguous CA configuration table.

\- CA\_n2A-n66A consists of two BCSs. The UL CA configurations denote
the allowed UL CA configurations supported by the specification. For
BCS0, the uplink configuration "-" indicates that non-CA operation is
supported and only single carrier operation is used in uplink. For BCS1,
the uplink configuration supports CA configuration CA\_n2A-n66A.

\- For some configurations, there are regional spectrum limitations to
the corresponding bands and the notes can be found in the configuration
table, such as for CA\_n2A-n48A\_BCS0, the channel bandwidths 50MHz,
60MHz, 80MHz, 90MHz and 100MHz are applicable only to downlink.

For channel bandwidth per operating band defined in clause 5.3.5 of TS
38.101-1/-2 and TS 38.104, Table 6.8.1-2 illustrates that,

\- The requirements for each configuration should be complied with the
combination of channel bandwidths, SCS for each operating band defined
in the table.

\- For some bands the limitations to the bandwidth may be captured with
notes in the table, such as for NR band n48, the channel bandwidth 5MHz
is restricted to operation when carrier is configured as an SCell part
of DC or CA configuration.

**Table 6.8.1-1: NR CA configurations and bandwidth combinations sets
defined for inter-band CA (two bands)**

  NR CA configuration                                                 Uplink CA configuration or single uplink carrier^10^   NR Band   Channel bandwidth (MHz) (NOTE 3)                                   Bandwidth combination set
  ------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------ --------- ------------------------------------------------------------------ ---------------------------
  CA\_n1A-n3A                                                         CA\_n1A-n3A                                            n1        5, 10, 15, 20                                                      0
                                                                                                                             n3        5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30                                              
                                                                                                                             n1        5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50                                      1
                                                                                                                             n3        5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                                          
                                                                                                                             n1        5, 10, 15, 20                                                      2
                                                                                                                             n3        5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40                                      
                                                                                                                             n1        n1 channel bandwidths in Table 5.3.5-1                             4 and 5
                                                                                                                             n3        n3 channel bandwidths in Table 5.3.5-1                             
  CA\_n1A-n3B                                                         \-                                                     n1        5, 10, 15, 20                                                      0
                                                                                                                             n3        CA\_n3B\_BCS0                                                      
  CA\_n1B-n3A                                                         CA\_n1A-n3A                                            n1        CA\_n1B\_BCS0                                                      0
                                                                                                                             n3        5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30                                              
                                                                                                                             n1        CA\_n1B\_BCS0                                                      1
                                                                                                                             n3        5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                                          
  ...                                                                 ...                                                    ...       ...                                                                ...
  CA\_n2A-n48A                                                        CA\_n2A-n48A                                           n2        5, 10, 15, 20                                                      0
                                                                                                                             n48       5, 10, 15, 20, 40, 50^1^, 60^1^, 80^1^, 90^1^, 100^1^              
                                                                                                                             n2        5, 10, 15, 20                                                      1
                                                                                                                             n48       5, 10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 50^1^, 60^1^, 70^1^, 80^1^, 90^1^, 100^1^   
  ...                                                                 ...                                                    ...       ...                                                                ...
  CA\_n2A-n66A                                                        \-                                                     n2        5, 10, 15, 20                                                      0
                                                                                                                             n66       5, 10, 15, 20, 40                                                  
                                                                      CA\_n2A-n66A                                           n2        5, 10, 15, 20                                                      1
                                                                                                                             n66       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                                          
  ...                                                                 ...                                                    ...       ...                                                                ...
  NOTE 1: This UE channel bandwidth is applicable only to downlink.                                                                                                                                       

**Table 6.8.1-2:** Channel bandwidths for each NR band

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>NR Band</th>
<th>SCS (kHz)</th>
<th>UE Channel bandwidth (MHz)</th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td><strong>10</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>20</strong></td>
<td><strong>25</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>35</strong></td>
<td><strong>40</strong></td>
<td><strong>45</strong></td>
<td><strong>50</strong></td>
<td><strong>60</strong></td>
<td><strong>70</strong></td>
<td><strong>80</strong></td>
<td><strong>90</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n2</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n3</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n41</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5<sup>4,11</sup></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n48</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5<sup>5</sup></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50<sup>6</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>60<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>70<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>80<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>90<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>100<sup>6</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>60<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>70<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>80<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>90<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>100<sup>6</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n66</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n78</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n80</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n86</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
<td>…</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>NOTE 1: Void.</p>
<p>NOTE 2: Void.</p>
<p>NOTE 3: This UE channel bandwidth is applicable only to downlink.</p>
<p>NOTE 4: This UE channel bandwidth is optional in this release of the specification.</p>
<p>NOTE 5: For this bandwidth, the minimum requirements are restricted to operation when carrier is configured as an SCell part of DC or CA configuration.</p>
<p>NOTE 6: For this bandwidth, the minimum requirements are restricted to operation when carrier is configured as a downlink SCell part of CA configuration.</p>
<p>NOTE 7: For the 20 MHz bandwidth, the minimum requirements are specified for NR UL carrier frequencies confined to either 713-723 MHz or 728-738 MHz. For the 25 MHz bandwidth, the minimum requirements are specified for NR UL carrier frequencies confined to either 715.5-720.5 MHz or 730.5-735.5 MHz. For the 30MHz bandwidth, the minimum requirements are specified for NR UL transmission bandwidth configuration confined to either 703-733 or 718-748 MHz.</p>
<p>NOTE 8: This UE channel bandwidth is applicable only to uplink.</p>
<p>NOTE 9: Void.</p>
<p>NOTE 10: For this band, UE channel bandwidths which are applicable to sidelink operation are specified in Table 5.3E.1-1.</p>
<p>NOTE 11: Not all frequency positions of 5 MHz carriers are possible due limitations of the SSB position relative to the 5 MHz channels. 5 MHz channels with F<sub>c</sub> such that 2499+N*1.2 ≤F<sub>c</sub>&lt;2499.3+N*1.2MHz for 0≤N&lt;157 are not compatible with SSB positions and cannot be used for 5 MHz n41.</p>
<p>NOTE 12: This UE channel Bandwidth is optional for uplink in this release of the specification.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### 6.8.2 DC configuration table

NR-DC configurations within FR1 are specified in clause 5.5B of TS
38.101-1. In the configuration table, only NR-DC configurations and
uplink NR-DC configurations are listed. The bandwidth combination sets
for the corresponding inter-band CA, i.e., dual uplink inter-band
carrier aggregation with uplink assigned to two NR bands, are applicable
to Dual Connectivity.

EN-DC and NE-DC configurations are specified in clause 5.5B of TS
38.101-3. In the configuration table, in addition to the downlink
configurations and uplink configurations, the combinations of intra-band
contiguous, non-contiguous and inter-band within FR1 also include the
column of "Single UL allowed". The combination of some frequency bands
in the configuration might be a bit problematic due to
self-interference, as defined in TS38.306. UE may indicate capability of
not supporting simultaneous dual and triple uplink operation due to
possible intermodulation interference to its own primary downlink
channel bandwidth if the intermodulation order is 2 or if the
intermodulation order is 3 for the combinations when both operating
bands are between 450 MHz -- 960 MHz or between 1427 MHz -- 2690 MHz. In
case for the EN-DC configurations for which the intermodulation products
caused by the dual and triple uplink operation fall into the receive
band but do not interfere with the own primary downlink channel
bandwidth as defined in Annex-I of TS 38.101-3 the UE is mandated to
operate in dual and triple uplink mode. Single Uplink is also allowed
for certain band combinations where intermodulation or reverse
intermodulation products could create difficulty for meeting emission
requirements. For EN-DC and NE-DC combinations of order 3 or higher,
"Single Uplink allowed" UL configurations captured in the corresponding
order 2 tables apply. As for an example, to mitigate the
self-interference issue, the EN-DC configuration DC\_3A\_n78A has
specified which band combinations are allowed to stray from the
stringent requirement for simultaneous transmission and reception. The
uplink needs to alternate between 1.8GHz and 3.5GHz. While 3.5GHz uplink
transmission is ongoing, no data should be scheduled by the network on
the 1.8GHz LTE carrier.

Apart from the above EN-DC and NE-DC configurations, TS 38.101-3 also
specified inter-band NR-DC configuration between FR1 and FR2. The
configurations and bandwidth combination sets for the FR1-FR2 NR-DC
combinations are defined in the tables for FR1-FR2 inter-band carrier
aggregation.

In order to reduce the EN-DC, NE-DC and NR-DC configuration table size,
the following rules should be applied to the grouping of the
configurations.

\- Grouping of DC configurations is based on common band combination.

\- In case E-UTRA or/and NR has non-contiguous CA, it will be on a
separate row compared to cases when DC configuration has only single
carrier or contiguous CA operation.

\- Common band combination should be considered as the configurations
having the same band sequence, such as DC\_x-y-y\_nz and DC\_x-x-y\_nz
are different band combinations, while all configurations with
DC\_x-y\_nz(\*) having non-contiguous parts in band nz are considered as
common band combination.

[*Examples* (*EN-DC with NR band having non-contiguous
part*)*:*]{.underline}

+------------------+---------------+
| EN-DC            | Uplink EN-DC  |
|                  |               |
| configuration    | configuration |
+==================+===============+
| DC\_2A\_n258A    | DC\_2A\_n258A |
|                  |               |
| DC\_2A\_n258D    | DC\_2A\_n258D |
|                  |               |
| DC\_2A\_n258G    | DC\_2A\_n258G |
|                  |               |
| DC\_2A\_n258H    | DC\_2A\_n258H |
|                  |               |
| DC\_2A\_n258O    | DC\_2A\_n258O |
|                  |               |
| DC\_2A\_n258P    | DC\_2A\_n258P |
|                  |               |
| DC\_2A\_n258Q    | DC\_2A\_n258Q |
+------------------+---------------+
| DC\_2A\_n258(2A) | DC\_2A\_n258A |
|                  |               |
| DC\_2A\_n258(3A) |               |
|                  |               |
| DC\_2A\_n258(4A) |               |
|                  |               |
| DC\_2A\_n258(5A) |               |
+------------------+---------------+

[*Examples* (*EN-DC with E-UTRA band having non-contiguous
part*)*:*]{.underline}

+------------------+---------------+
| EN-DC            | Uplink EN-DC  |
|                  |               |
| configuration    | configuration |
+==================+===============+
| DC\_7A\_n257A    | DC\_7A\_n257A |
|                  |               |
| DC\_7A\_n257D    | DC\_7A\_n257D |
|                  |               |
| DC\_7A\_n257E    | DC\_7A\_n257G |
|                  |               |
| DC\_7A\_n257F    | DC\_7A\_n257H |
|                  |               |
| DC\_7A\_n257G    | DC\_7A\_n257I |
|                  |               |
| DC\_7A\_n257H    |               |
|                  |               |
| DC\_7A\_n257I    |               |
|                  |               |
| DC\_7A\_n257J    |               |
|                  |               |
| DC\_7A\_n257K    |               |
|                  |               |
| DC\_7A\_n257L    |               |
|                  |               |
| DC\_7A\_n257M    |               |
+------------------+---------------+
| DC\_7A-7A\_n257A | DC\_7A\_n257A |
|                  |               |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n257D | DC\_7A\_n257D |
|                  |               |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n257E | DC\_7A\_n257G |
|                  |               |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n257F | DC\_7A\_n257H |
|                  |               |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n257G | DC\_7A\_n257I |
|                  |               |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n257H |               |
|                  |               |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n257I |               |
|                  |               |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n257J |               |
|                  |               |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n257K |               |
|                  |               |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n257L |               |
|                  |               |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n257M |               |
+------------------+---------------+

[*Examples* (*NE-DC with E-UTRA band having non-contiguous
part*)*:*]{.underline}

+------------------+---------------+
| NE-DC            | Uplink NE-DC  |
|                  |               |
| configuration    | configuration |
+==================+===============+
| DC\_n257A\_7A    | DC\_n257A\_7A |
|                  |               |
| DC\_n257G\_7A    |               |
|                  |               |
| DC\_n257H\_7A    |               |
|                  |               |
| DC\_n257I\_7A    |               |
|                  |               |
| DC\_n257J\_7A    |               |
|                  |               |
| DC\_n257K\_7A    |               |
|                  |               |
| DC\_n257L\_7A    |               |
|                  |               |
| DC\_n257M\_7A    |               |
+------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n257A\_7A-7A | DC\_n257A\_7A |
|                  |               |
| DC\_n257G\_7A-7A |               |
|                  |               |
| DC\_n257H\_7A-7A |               |
|                  |               |
| DC\_n257I\_7A-7A |               |
|                  |               |
| DC\_n257J\_7A-7A |               |
|                  |               |
| DC\_n257K\_7A-7A |               |
|                  |               |
| DC\_n257L\_7A-7A |               |
|                  |               |
| DC\_n257M\_7A-7A |               |
+------------------+---------------+

[*Examples* (*NR-DC with NR band having non-contiguous
part*)*:*]{.underline}

+------------------+---------------+
| NR-DC            | Uplink NR-DC  |
|                  |               |
| configuration    | configuration |
+------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n3A-n257A    | DC\_n3A-n257A |
|                  |               |
| DC\_n3A-n257D    | DC\_n3A-n257D |
|                  |               |
| DC\_n3A-n257G    | DC\_n3A-n257G |
|                  |               |
| DC\_n3A-n257H    | DC\_n3A-n257H |
|                  |               |
| DC\_n3A-n257I    | DC\_n3A-n257I |
+------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n3(2A)-n257A | DC\_n3A-n257A |
|                  |               |
| DC\_n3(2A)-n257G | DC\_n3A-n257G |
|                  |               |
| DC\_n3(2A)-n257H | DC\_n3A-n257I |
|                  |               |
| DC\_n3(2A)-n257I | DC\_n3A-n257H |
+------------------+---------------+

[*Examples* (*Incorrect grouping case*)*:*]{.underline}

+------------------+----------------+
| EN-DC            | Uplink EN-DC   |
|                  |                |
| configuration    | configurationp |
+==================+================+
| DC\_2A\_n261A    | DC\_2A\_n261A  |
|                  |                |
| DC\_2A\_n261(2A) |                |
|                  |                |
| DC\_2A\_n261(3A) |                |
|                  |                |
| DC\_2A\_n261(4A) |                |
+------------------+----------------+
| DC\_2A\_n261B    | DC\_2A\_n261A  |
|                  |                |
| DC\_2A\_n261C    | DC\_2A\_n261B  |
|                  |                |
| DC\_2A\_n261D    | DC\_2A\_n261C  |
|                  |                |
| DC\_2A\_n261E    | DC\_2A\_n261D  |
|                  |                |
| DC\_2A\_n261F    | DC\_2A\_n261E  |
|                  |                |
| DC\_2A\_n261G    | DC\_2A\_n261F  |
|                  |                |
| DC\_2A\_n261H    | DC\_2A\_n261G  |
|                  |                |
| DC\_2A\_n261I    | DC\_2A\_n261H  |
|                  |                |
| DC\_2A\_n261J    | DC\_2A\_n261I  |
|                  |                |
| DC\_2A\_n261K    | DC\_2A\_n261O  |
|                  |                |
| DC\_2A\_n261L    | DC\_2A\_n261P  |
|                  |                |
| DC\_2A\_n261M    | DC\_2A\_n261Q  |
|                  |                |
| DC\_2A\_n261O    |                |
|                  |                |
| DC\_2A\_n261P    |                |
|                  |                |
| DC\_2A\_n261Q    |                |
+------------------+----------------+

In this case, for DC\_2\_n261, the configurations with non-contiguous CA
part CA\_n261(\*) such as DC\_2A\_n261(2A), DC\_2A\_n261(3A) and
DC\_2A\_n261(4A) are mis-grouped with DC\_2A\_n261A which has only
single carrier. They should be revised as follows.

+------------------+---------------+
| EN-DC            | Uplink EN-DC  |
|                  |               |
| configuration    | configuration |
+==================+===============+
| DC\_2A\_n261A    | DC\_2A\_n261A |
|                  |               |
| DC\_2A\_n261B    | DC\_2A\_n261B |
|                  |               |
| DC\_2A\_n261C    | DC\_2A\_n261C |
|                  |               |
| DC\_2A\_n261D    | DC\_2A\_n261D |
|                  |               |
| DC\_2A\_n261E    | DC\_2A\_n261E |
|                  |               |
| DC\_2A\_n261F    | DC\_2A\_n261F |
|                  |               |
| DC\_2A\_n261G    | DC\_2A\_n261G |
|                  |               |
| DC\_2A\_n261H    | DC\_2A\_n261H |
|                  |               |
| DC\_2A\_n261I    | DC\_2A\_n261I |
|                  |               |
| DC\_2A\_n261J    | DC\_2A\_n261O |
|                  |               |
| DC\_2A\_n261K    | DC\_2A\_n261P |
|                  |               |
| DC\_2A\_n261L    | DC\_2A\_n261Q |
|                  |               |
| DC\_2A\_n261M    |               |
|                  |               |
| DC\_2A\_n261O    |               |
|                  |               |
| DC\_2A\_n261P    |               |
|                  |               |
| DC\_2A\_n261Q    |               |
+------------------+---------------+
| DC\_2A\_n261(2A) | DC\_2A\_n261A |
|                  |               |
| DC\_2A\_n261(3A) |               |
|                  |               |
| DC\_2A\_n261(4A) |               |
+------------------+---------------+

Regarding to the common band combination, it means the configurations
having the same band sequence. For example, DC\_x-x-y\_nz and
DC\_x-y-y\_nz are not considered as the common band combination.

[*Examples* (*Incorrect understanding of common band
combination*)*:*]{.underline}

+-----------------------+----------------------------+
| EN-DC configuration   | Uplink EN-DC configuration |
+=======================+============================+
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261A     | DC\_2A\_n261A              |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261G     | DC\_66A\_n261A             |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261H     | DC\_2A\_n261G              |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261I     | DC\_66A\_n261G             |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261J     | DC\_2A\_n261H              |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261K     | DC\_66A\_n261H             |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261L     | DC\_2A\_n261I              |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261M     | DC\_66A\_n261I             |
+-----------------------+----------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-66A\_n261A  | DC\_2A\_n261A              |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-2A-66A\_n261G  | DC\_66A\_n261A             |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-2A-66A\_n261H  | DC\_2A\_n261G              |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-2A-66A\_n261I  | DC\_66A\_n261G             |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-2A-66A\_n261J  | DC\_2A\_n261H              |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-2A-66A\_n261K  | DC\_66A\_n261H             |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-2A-66A\_n261L  | DC\_2A\_n261I              |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-2A-66A\_n261M  | DC\_66A\_n261I             |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261A |                            |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261G |                            |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261H |                            |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261I |                            |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261J |                            |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261K |                            |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261L |                            |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261M |                            |
+-----------------------+----------------------------+

In this case, the configurations DC\_2-66\_n261, DC\_2-2-66\_n261 and
DC\_2-66-66\_n261 are not common band combinations. They should be
re-grouped as follows.

+-----------------------+----------------------------+
| EN-DC configuration   | Uplink EN-DC configuration |
+=======================+============================+
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261A     | DC\_2A\_n261A              |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261G     | DC\_66A\_n261A             |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261H     | DC\_2A\_n261G              |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261I     | DC\_66A\_n261G             |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261J     | DC\_2A\_n261H              |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261K     | DC\_66A\_n261H             |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261L     | DC\_2A\_n261I              |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261M     | DC\_66A\_n261I             |
+-----------------------+----------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-66A\_n261A  | DC\_2A\_n261A              |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-2A-66A\_n261G  | DC\_66A\_n261A             |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-2A-66A\_n261H  | DC\_2A\_n261G              |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-2A-66A\_n261I  | DC\_66A\_n261G             |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-2A-66A\_n261J  | DC\_2A\_n261H              |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-2A-66A\_n261K  | DC\_66A\_n261H             |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-2A-66A\_n261L  | DC\_2A\_n261I              |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-2A-66A\_n261M  | DC\_66A\_n261I             |
+-----------------------+----------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261A | DC\_2A\_n261A              |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261G | DC\_66A\_n261A             |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261H | DC\_2A\_n261G              |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261I | DC\_66A\_n261G             |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261J | DC\_2A\_n261H              |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261K | DC\_66A\_n261H             |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261L | DC\_2A\_n261I              |
|                       |                            |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261M | DC\_66A\_n261I             |
+-----------------------+----------------------------+

For the uplink support in the configuration table, the valid uplink
configurations are specified that uplink does not have more carriers
than downlink. For the UL configuration type, it should be consistent
within one row, i.e., there should not be a mixture of contiguous and
non-contiguous UL CA within a row. If multiple UL DC configurations are
indicated with multiple DL DC configurations, only UL DC configurations
with the same or a lower number of carriers in the same fallback group
are valid UL configurations.

*[Examples:]{.underline}*

\- DC\_5A\_n261G is not a valid uplink configuration for DC\_5A\_n261A.

\- DC\_5A\_n261(2A) and DC\_5A\_n261A are not allowed to be in the same
row in the configuration table.

For the sequence of EN-DC combinations, the following rules apply.

\- EN-DC configurations should be sorted by LTE band combination, then
NR band combination.

\- LTE combinations should be sorted by the first band number, then the
first bandwidth character, then the second band number, then the second
bandwidth character and so on.

\- The same sort order should be applied for the NR part, there
combinations with () should be sorted alphanumerically within the
brackets after the contiguous combinations.

For the sequence of NE-DC combinations, the following rules apply.

\- NE-DC configurations should be sorted by NR band combination, then
LTE band combination.

\- NR combinations should be sorted by the first band number, then the
first bandwidth character, then the second band number, then the second
bandwidth character and so on. For the combinations with () should be
sorted alphanumerically within the brackets after the contiguous
combinations.

\- LTE combinations should be sorted by the first band number, then the
first bandwidth character, then the second band number, then the second
bandwidth character and so on.

For the sequence of NR-DC combinations, the following rules apply.

\- DC combinations should be sorted by the first band number, then the
first bandwidth character, then the second band number, then the second
bandwidth character and so on.

\- For the combinations with () should be sorted alphanumerically within
the brackets after the contiguous combinations.

*[Examples:]{.underline}*

\- DC\_1A\_n77A

\- DC\_1A\_n77C

\- DC\_1C\_n77A

\- DC\_1C-2A\_n77A

\- DC\_41A-42A\_n79A

\- DC\_41A-42C\_n79A

\- DC\_41C-42A\_n79A

\- DC\_41C-42C\_n79A

\- DC\_41C-42C\_n257A

\- DC\_41C-42C\_n257M

\- DC\_41C-42C\_n257(2A)

\- DC\_41C-42C\_n257(2A-2O)

\- DC\_41C-42C\_n257(8A)

\- DC\_41C-42C\_n257(D-G)

### 6.8.3 SUL configuration table

The SUL band combination with CA in TS 38.101-1 \[4\] provides the
configurations of channel bandwidth, SCS and bandwidth combination set
of the bands for each SUL combination. The SUL configuration information
is also included in the configuration tables for the allowed SUL
configurations supported by the specification.

For the sake of brevity and to reduce the size of SUL band combination
with intra-band contiguous CA, intra-band non-contiguous CA and
inter-band CA, instead of showing explicitly in the SUL configuration
tables, the SCS info for each NR band and SUL band in the configuration
is referred to the channel bandwidths for each NR band in clause 5.3.5
of TS 38.101-1 \[4\]. Examples:

For SUL band combination with intra-band non-contiguous CA, Table
6.8.3-1 illustrates that,

\- CA\_n78(2A)-n86A consists of NR band n78 and SUL band n86 whose SCS
values are defined in Table 6.8.1-2. For example, for SUL band n86, the
supported channel bandwidth in BCS0 is 5MHz, 10MHz, 15MHz and 20MHz
where channel bandwidth 5MHz supports SCS with only 15kHz, channel
bandwidths 10MHz, 15MHz and 20MHz support all SCS of {15kHz, 30kHz,
60kHz}.

\- CA\_n78(2A) with intra-band non-contiguous CA, the configuration is
referred to BCS0 defined in clause 5.5A.2 of TS 38.101-1 for intra-band
non-contiguous CA configuration table.

\- The SUL configuration for SUL\_n78A-n86A can be referred to Table
6.8.3-4.

For SUL band combination with intra-band contiguous CA, Table 6.8.3-2
illustrates that,

\- SUL\_n41C-n80A consists of NR band n41 and SUL band n80 whose SCS
values are defined in Table 6.8.1-2. For example, for SUL band n80, the
supported channel bandwidth in BCS0 is 5MHz, 10MHz, 15MHz, 20MHz, 25MHz,
30MHz and 40MHz where channel bandwidth 5MHz supports SCS with only
15kHz, channel bandwidths 10MHz, 15MHz, 20MHz, 25MHz, 30MHz and 40MHz
support all SCS of {15kHz, 30kHz, 60kHz}.

\- CA\_n41C with intra-band contiguous CA, the configuration is referred
to BCS0 defined in clause 5.5A.1 of TS 38.101-1 for intra-band
contiguous CA configuration table.

\- The SUL configuration for SUL\_n41A-n80A can be referred to Table
6.8.3-4.

For SUL band combination with inter-band CA, Table 6.8.3-3 illustrates
that,

\- CA\_n1A\_n78A-n80A consists of NR band n1 and SUL band combination of
SUL\_n78A-n80A, whose SCS values are defined in Table 6.8.1-2. For
example, for NR band n1, the supported channel bandwidth in BCS0 is
5MHz, 10MHz, 15MHz, 20MHz, 25MHz, 30MHz, 40MHz and 50MHz where channel
bandwidth 5MHz supports SCS with only 15kHz, channel bandwidths 10MHz,
15MHz, 20MHz, 25MHz, 30MHz, 40MHz and 50MHz support all SCS of {15kHz,
30kHz, 60kHz}.

\- The SUL configuration for SUL\_n78A-n80A can be referred to Table
6.8.3-4.

Table 6.8.3-1: Supported channel bandwidths per SUL band combination
with intra-band non-contiguous CA

  SUL band combination with intra-band non-contiguous CA                           SUL configuration   NR Band   Channel bandwidth (MHz) (NOTE 1)   Bandwidth combination set
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------- --------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------
  ...                                                                              ...                 ...       ...                                ...
  CA\_n78(2A)-n86A                                                                 SUL\_n78A-n86A      n78       CA\_n78(2A)\_BCS0                  0
                                                                                                       n86       5, 10, 15, 20                      
  ...                                                                              ...                 ...       ...                                ...
  NOTE 1: The SCS of each channel bandwidth for NR band refers to Table 5.3.5-1.                                                                    

Table 6.8.3-2: Supported channel bandwidths per SUL band combination
with intra-band contiguous CA

+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| SUL band     | SUL          | NR Band | Channel      | Bandwidth    |
| combination  | c            |         | bandwidth    | combination  |
| with CA      | onfiguration |         | (MHz) (NOTE  | set          |
|              |              |         | 1)           |              |
+==============+==============+=========+==============+==============+
| ...          | ...          | ...     | ...          | ...          |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | SU           | n41     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n41C-n80A | L\_n41A-n80A |         | \_n41C\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41C-n80A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n80     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| ...          | ...          | ...     | ...          | ...          |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| NOTE 1: The  |              |         |              |              |
| SCS of each  |              |         |              |              |
| channel      |              |         |              |              |
| bandwidth    |              |         |              |              |
| for NR band  |              |         |              |              |
| refers to    |              |         |              |              |
| Table        |              |         |              |              |
| 5.3.5-1.     |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+

Table 6.8.3-3: Supported channel bandwidths per SUL band combination
with inter-band CA

  SUL band combination with CA   UL configuration   NR Band   Channel bandwidth (MHz) (NOTE 1)                  Bandwidth combination set
  ------------------------------ ------------------ --------- ------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------
  ...                            ...                ...       ...                                               ...
  CA\_n1A\_n78A-n80A             SUL\_n78A-n80A     n1        5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50                     0
                                                    n78       10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100   
                                                    n80       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                         
  ...                            ...                ...       ...                                               ...

Table 6.8.3-4: Supported channel bandwidths per SUL band combination

  SUL configuration                                                                NR Band   Channel bandwidth (MHz) (NOTE 1)                  Bandwidth combination set
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------- ------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------
  ...                                                                              ...       ...                                               ...
  SUL\_n41A-n80A                                                                   n41       10, 15, 20, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100               0
                                                                                   n80       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30                             
                                                                                   n41       10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100           1
                                                                                   n80       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                         
  ...                                                                              ...       ...                                               ...
  SUL\_n78A-n80A                                                                   n78       10, 15, 20, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100               0
                                                                                   n80       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30                             
                                                                                   n78       10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100   1
                                                                                   n80       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                         
  ...                                                                              ...       ...                                               ...
  SUL\_n78A-n86A                                                                   n78       10, 15, 20, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100           0
                                                                                   n86       5, 10, 15, 20                                     
  ...                                                                              ...       ...                                               ...
  NOTE 1: The SCS of each channel bandwidth for NR band refers to Table 5.3.5-1.                                                               

7 Test burden reduction for band combinations
=============================================

7.1 General
-----------

One of the objectives in this SI is to investigate the feasibility and
optimize the specification structure and reduce the test burden.
Currently, the main RF requirements related to specific band
combinations include maximum output power (MOP), spurious emission for
UE-to-UE coexistence, REFSENS and REFSENS exceptions due to
harmonic/harmonic mixing/cross band isolation/IMD interference.
Obviously, RF requirements for different features on the same band
combination have some similarities and dependency. Especially, the RF
implementations are similar and RF architectures can be reused for
different features on the same band combination. It's very meaningful to
study the similarity and dependency of RF requirements for different
features on the same band combination and find out the feasibility to
further optimize the specification structure and reduce the test burden.
For example, CA\_nA-nB (NR CA), DC\_nA-nB (NR-DC), DC\_A\_nB (EN-DC),
DC\_B\_nA (EN-DC), DC\_nB\_A (NE-DC), DC\_nA\_B (NE-DC) (different
features on same band combination) can use same RF implementation.

7.2 Similarity and Dependency of Tx RF requirements for different features on the same band combination
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### 7.2.1 Maximum output power

As an example, PC3 MOP requirements for all the UL NR CA, UL NR DC,
EN-DC and NE-DC band combinations in table 7.2.1-1 based on the TS
38.101-1-h60 and TS 38.101-3-h60. One band combination may be chosen to
verify PC3 MOP testing for some band combinations in same row in table
7.2.1-1, as a result of reducing test burden. It's suggested to randomly
choose one band combination that UE support for MOP testing. The
proposed test reduction could be considered for an informative annex in
the TS since the final decision should be taken by RAN5 based on the
industry certification testing needs.

Table 7.2.1-1: Band combination PC3 MOP requirements for the same
frequency range with different features

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Uplink   | Uplink   | Uplink   | Uplink   | Class 3  | T        |
| NR CA    | NR DC    | EN-DC    | NE-DC    | (dBm)    | olerance |
| Confi    | Confi    | Confi    | Confi    |          | (dB)     |
| guration | guration | guration | guration |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\      | DC\      | DC\      | DC\      | 23       | +2/-3    |
| _n1A-n3A | _n1A-n3A | _1A\_n3A | _n3A\_1A |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\      |          |          |          |
|          |          | _3A\_n1A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 1A\_n80A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 3A\_n84A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\      |          | DC\      |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| _n1A-n5A |          | _1A\_n5A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\      | DC\      | DC\      |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| _n1A-n7A | _n1A-n7A | _1A\_n7A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\      |          |          |          |
|          |          | _7A\_n1A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\      |          | DC\      | DC\      | 23       | +2/-3    |
| _n1A-n8A |          | _1A\_n8A | _n8A\_1A |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\      |          |          |          |
|          |          | _8A\_n1A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n1A-n18A |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n1A-n20A |          | 1A\_n20A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 20A\_n1A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     | DC\_     | DC\_     | DC\_     | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n1A-n28A | n1A-n28A | 1A\_n28A | n1A\_28A |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 28A\_n1A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 1A\_n38A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 38A\_n1A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n1A-n40A |          | 1A\_n40A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 40A\_n1A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     | DC\_     | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n1A-n41A | n1A-n41A | 1A\_n41A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 41A\_n1A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 1A\_n50A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 1A\_n51A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 1A\_n71A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n1A-n74A |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     | DC\_     | DC\_     | DC\_     | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n1A-n77A | n1A-n77A | 1A\_n77A | n77A\_1A |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_1    |          |          |          |
|          |          | A\_n84A\ |          |          |          |
|          |          | _ULSUP-T |          |          |          |
|          |          | DM\_n77A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     | DC\_     | DC\_     | DC\_     | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n1A-n78A | n1A-n78A | 1A\_n78A | n78A\_1A |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_1    |          |          |          |
|          |          | A\_n84A\ |          |          |          |
|          |          | _ULSUP-T |          |          |          |
|          |          | DM\_n78A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     | DC\_     | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n1A-n79A | n1A-n79A | 1A\_n79A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_1    |          |          |          |
|          |          | A\_n84A\ |          |          |          |
|          |          | _ULSUP-T |          |          |          |
|          |          | DM\_n79A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\      | DC\      | DC\      |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| _n2A-n5A | _n2A-n5A | _2A\_n5A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\      |          |          |          |
|          |          | _5A\_n2A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\      |          | **DC\_2  |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| _n2A-n7A |          | A\_n7A** |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\      |          |          |          |
|          |          | _7A\_n2A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n2A-n12A |          | 2A\_n12A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 12A\_n2A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n2A-n14A |          | 14A\_n2A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 2A\_n25A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 2A\_n28A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 28A\_n2A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n2A-n30A |          | 2A\_n30A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 30A\_n2A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 2A\_n38A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 2A\_n41A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 2A\_n46A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     | DC\_     | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n2A-n48A | n2A-n48A | 2A\_n48A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 48A\_n2A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     | DC\_     | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n2A-n66A | n2A-n66A | 2A\_n66A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 66A\_n2A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 2A\_n71A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 71A\_n2A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     | DC\_     | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n2A-n77A | n2A-n77A | 2A\_n77A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n2A-n78A |          | 2A\_n78A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\      |          | DC\      |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| _n3A-n5A |          | _3A\_n5A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\      |          | DC\      |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| _n3A-n7A |          | _3A\_n7A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\      |          |          |          |
|          |          | _7A\_n3A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 7A\_n80A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\      |          | DC\      | DC\      | 23       | +2/-3    |
| _n3A-n8A |          | _3A\_n8A | _n3A\_8A |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\      | DC\      |          |          |
|          |          | _8A\_n3A | _n8A\_3A |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 8A\_n80A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n3A-n18A |          | 18A\_n3A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n3A-n20A |          | 3A\_n20A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 3A\_n82A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 20A\_n3A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_2    |          |          |          |
|          |          | 0A\_n80A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     | DC\_     | DC\_     | DC\_     | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n3A-n28A | n3A-n28A | 3A\_n28A | n28A\_3A |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 28A\_n3A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n3A-n34A |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\      |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| _n3-n38A |          | 3A\_n38A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 38A\_n3A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n3A-n40A |          | 3A\_n40A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     | DC\_     | DC\_     | DC\_     | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n3A-n41A | n3A-n41A | 3A\_n41A | n41A\_3A |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 3A\_n80A |          |          |          |
|          |          | \_ULSUP- |          |          |          |
|          |          | TDM\_n41 |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 41A\_n3A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 3A\_n50A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 3A\_n51A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 3A\_n71A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n3A-n74A |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     | DC\_     | DC\_     | DC\_     | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n3A-n77A | n3A-n77A | 3A\_n77A | n77A\_3A |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_3    |          |          |          |
|          |          | A\_n80A\ |          |          |          |
|          |          | _ULSUP-T |          |          |          |
|          |          | DM\_n77A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     | DC\_     | DC\_     | DC\_     | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n3A-n78A | n3A-n78A | 3A\_n78A | n78A\_3A |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_3    |          |          |          |
|          |          | A\_n80A\ |          |          |          |
|          |          | _ULSUP-T |          |          |          |
|          |          | DM\_n78A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     | DC\_     | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n3A-n79A | n3A-n79A | 3A\_n79A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_3    |          |          |          |
|          |          | A\_n80A\ |          |          |          |
|          |          | _ULSUP-T |          |          |          |
|          |          | DM\_n79A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\      |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | _4A\_n2A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\      |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | _4A\_n5A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\      |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | _4A\_n7A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 4A\_n28A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 4A\_n38A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 4A\_n41A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 4A\_n78A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\      |          | **DC\_5  |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| _n5A-n7A |          | A\_n7A** |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\      |          |          |          |
|          |          | _7A\_n5A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          | **DC\_5A |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n5A-n12A |          | \_n12A** |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 12A\_n5A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n5A-n14A |          | 14A\_n5A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n5A-n25A |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          | **DC\_5A |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n5A-n30A |          | \_n30A** |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 30A\_n5A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | **DC\_5A |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | \_n38A** |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n5A-n40A |          | 5A\_n40A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     | DC\_     | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n5A-n48A | n5A-n48A | 5A\_n48A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 48A\_n5A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     | DC\_     | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n5A-n66A | n5A-n66A | 5A\_n66A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 66A\_n5A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 5A\_n71A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 71A\_n5A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     | DC\_     | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n5A-n77A | n5A-n77A | 5A\_n77A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          | DC\_     | DC\_     | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n5A-n78A |          | 5A\_n78A | n78A\_5A |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n5A-n79A |          | 5A\_n79A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\      |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | _7A\_n8A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\      |          |          |          |
|          |          | _8A\_n7A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 7A\_n20A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 20A\_n7A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| **CA\_n7 |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| A-n25A** |          | 7A\_n25A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n7A-n28A |          | 7A\_n28A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 28A\_n7A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n7A-n40A |          | 7A\_n40A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     | DC\_     |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n7A-n46A | n7A-n46A |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 7A\_n51A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n7A-n66A |          | 7A\_n66A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 66A\_n7A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 7A\_n71A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n7A-n77A |          | 7A\_n77A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     | DC\_     | DC\_     | DC\_     | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n7A-n78A | n7A-n78A | 7A\_n78A | n78A\_7A |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 7A\_n79A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\      |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | _8A\_n2A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 8A\_n20A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 20A\_n8A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     | DC\_     |          |          |
|          |          | 8A\_n28A | n28A\_8A |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 28A\_n8A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n8A-n34A |          | 8A\_n34A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n8A-n39A |          | 8A\_n39A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n8A-n40A |          | 8A\_n40A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          | DC\_     | DC\_     | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n8A-n41A |          | 8A\_n41A | n41A\_8A |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_     |          |          |          |
|          |          | 8A\_n81A |          |          |          |
|          |          | \_ULSUP- |          |          |          |
|          |          | TDM\_n41 |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          | DC\_     | DC\_     | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n8A-n77A |          | 8A\_n77A | n77A\_8A |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          | DC\_     | DC\_     | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n8A-n78A |          | 8A\_n78A | n78A\_8A |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_8    |          |          |          |
|          |          | A\_n81A\ |          |          |          |
|          |          | _ULSUP-T |          |          |          |
|          |          | DM\_n78A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| n8A-n79A |          | 8A\_n79A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_8    |          |          |          |
|          |          | A\_n81A\ |          |          |          |
|          |          | _ULSUP-T |          |          |          |
|          |          | DM\_n79A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 11A\_n1A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 11A\_n3A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 1A\_n28A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 1A\_n41A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 1A\_n77A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 1A\_n78A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 1A\_n79A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 12A\_n7A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 2A\_n25A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 12A-n30A |          | 2A\_n30A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 2A\_n38A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 2A\_n41A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 12A-n66A |          | 2A\_n66A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_6    |          |          |          |
|          |          | 6A\_n12A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 2A\_n71A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| *        |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| *CA\_n12 |          | 2A\_n77A |          |          |          |
| A-n77A** |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 2A\_n78A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 13A\_n2A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 13A\_n5A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 13A\_n7A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 13A-n25A |          | 3A\_n25A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 3A\_n48A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 13A-n66A |          | 3A\_n66A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 3A\_n71A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| *        |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| *CA\_n13 |          | 3A\_n77A |          |          |          |
| A-n77A** |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 3A\_n78A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 14A-n30A |          | 4A\_n30A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 14A-n66A |          | 4A\_n66A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| *        |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| *CA\_n14 |          | 4A\_n77A |          |          |          |
| A-n77A** |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 18A-n28A |          | 8A\_n28A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 18A-n41A |          | 8A\_n41A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 18A-n74A |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 18A-n77A |          | 8A\_n77A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 18A-n78A |          | 8A\_n78A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 8A\_n79A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 19A\_n1A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 9A\_n77A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 9A\_n78A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_1    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 9A\_n79A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_2    | DC\_n    | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 20A-n28A |          | 0A\_n28A | 28A\_20A |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_2    |          |          |          |
|          |          | 0A\_n83A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_2    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 0A\_n38A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_2    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 0A\_n41A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_2    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 0A\_n50A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_2    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 0A\_n51A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_2    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 0A\_n77A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_2    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 20A-n78A |          | 0A\_n78A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_20   |          |          |          |
|          |          | A\_n82A\ |          |          |          |
|          |          | _ULSUP-T |          |          |          |
|          |          | DM\_n78A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 21A\_n1A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_2    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 1A\_n28A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_2    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 1A\_n77A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_2    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 1A\_n78A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_2    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 1A\_n79A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 24A-n41A |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 24A-n48A |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 24A-n77A |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_2    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 25A-n38A |          | 5A\_n41A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 25A-n41A |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_     |          | DC\_4    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 25A-n48A |          | 8A\_n25A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_6    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 25A-n66A |          | 6A\_n25A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_2    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 25A-n77A |          | 5A\_n77A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_2    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 25A-n78A |          | 5A\_n78A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_2    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 6A\_n25A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_2    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 6A\_n41A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 26A-n66A |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 26A-n70A |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_2    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 6A\_n77A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_2    | DC\_n    | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 6A\_n78A | 78A\_26A |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_2    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 6A\_n79A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 28A\_n5A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          |          | DC\_n    | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 28A-n34A |          |          | 28A\_34A |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          |          | DC\_n    | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 28A-n39A |          |          | 28A\_39A |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_2    | DC\_n    | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 28A-n40A |          | 8A\_n40A | 28A\_40A |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    | DC\_n    | DC\_2    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 28A-n41A | 28A-n41A | 8A\_n41A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_28   |          |          |          |
|          |          | A\_n83A\ |          |          |          |
|          |          | _ULSUP-T |          |          |          |
|          |          | DM\_n41A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_4    |          |          |          |
|          |          | 1A\_n28A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    | DC\_n    |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 28A-n46A | 28A-n46A |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_2    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 28A-n50A |          | 8A\_n50A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_2    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 8A\_n51A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_2    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 8A\_n66A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_6    |          |          |          |
|          |          | 6A\_n28A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 28A-n74A |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    | DC\_n    | DC\_2    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 28A-n77A | 28A-n77A | 8A\_n77A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    | DC\_n    | DC\_2    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 28A-n78A | 28A-n78A | 8A\_n78A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_28   |          |          |          |
|          |          | A\_n83A\ |          |          |          |
|          |          | _ULSUP-T |          |          |          |
|          |          | DM\_n78A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    | DC\_n    | DC\_2    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 28A-n79A | 28A-n79A | 8A\_n79A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 34A-n79A |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_3    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 30A-n66A |          | 0A\_n66A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_6    |          |          |          |
|          |          | 6A\_n30A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_3    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 30A-n77A |          | 0A\_n77A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 34A-n40A |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          |          | DC\_n    | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 34A-n41A |          |          | 41A\_34A |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 38A\_n8A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_3    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 8A\_n28A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_6    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 38A-n66A |          | 6A\_n38A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_3    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 38A-n78A |          | 8A\_n78A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_3    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 8A\_n79A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_3    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 39A-n40A |          | 9A\_n40A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_3    | DC\_n    | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 39A-n41A |          | 9A\_n41A | 41A\_39A |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_3    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 9A\_n78A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_3    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 39A-n79A |          | 9A\_n79A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_4    | DC\_n    | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 40A-n41A |          | 0A\_n41A | 41A\_40A |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_4    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 40A-n77A |          | 0A\_n77A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_4    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 40A-n78A |          | 0A\_n78A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_4    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 40A-n79A |          | 0A\_n79A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 41A-n48A |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 41A-n50A |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_6    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 41A-n66A |          | 6A\_n41A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 41A-n70A |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_7    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 41A-n71A |          | 1A\_n41A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 41A-n74A |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    | DC\_n    | DC\_4    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 41A-n77A | 41A-n77A | 1A\_n77A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    | DC\_n    | DC\_4    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 41A-n78A | 41A-n78A | 1A\_n78A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_4    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 41A-n79A |          | 1A\_n79A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 42A\_n1A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_     |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 42A\_n3A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_4    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 2A\_n28A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_4    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 2A\_n51A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_4    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 2A\_n77A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_4    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 2A\_n78A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_4    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 2A\_n79A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    | DC\_n    |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 46A-n48A | 46A-n48A |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    | DC\_n    |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 46A-n48B | 46A-n48B |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    | DC\_n    |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 46A-n78A | 46A-n78A |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_4    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 8A\_n12A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    | DC\_n    | DC\_4    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 48A-n66A | 48A-n66A | 8A\_n66A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_6    |          |          |          |
|          |          | 6A\_n48A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    | DC\_n    |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 48A-n70A | 48A-n70A |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    | DC\_n    | DC\_4    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 48A-n71A | 48A-n71A | 8A\_n71A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_7    |          |          |          |
|          |          | 1A\_n48A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    | DC\_n    |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 48A-n96A | 48A-n96A |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    | DC\_n    |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 48B-n96A | 48B-n96A |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 48A-n96B |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 50A-n78A |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_6    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 6A\_n46A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_6    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 66A-n71A |          | 6A\_n71A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_7    |          |          |          |
|          |          | 1A\_n66A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    | DC\_n    | DC\_6    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 66A-n77A | 66A-n77A | 6A\_n77A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_6    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 66A-n78A |          | 6A\_n78A |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          | DC\_66   |          |          |          |
|          |          | A\_n86A\ |          |          |          |
|          |          | _ULSUP-T |          |          |          |
|          |          | DM\_n78A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 70A-n71A |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 70A-n78A |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          | DC\_7    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
|          |          | 1A\_n38A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 71A-n77A |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          | DC\_7    |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 71A-n78A |          | 1A\_n78A |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 74A-n77A |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 74A-n78A |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    | DC\_n    |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 77A-n79A | 77A-n79A |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 78A-n79A |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA\_n    |          |          |          | 23       | +2/-3    |
| 78A-n92A |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

### 7.2.2 Spurious emission for UE-to-UE coexistence

Generally, if CA\_nA-nB, DC\_A\_nB (DC\_A\_nD), DC\_B\_nA (DC\_B\_nC),
DC\_nB\_A, DC\_nA\_B have same spurious emission requirements for UE to
UE coexistence, it may not be needed to test the spurious emission
requirements for UE to UE coexistence for each UL configuration again
and again. Once one of these UL configurations is verified, the other UL
configurations for different feature in same band combination can be
considered as being capable of meeting these requirements.

NOTE: Band nC and nD are the corresponding SUL bands with same UL
frequency range of band nA and nB, e.g. SUL band n80 has same UL
frequency range of band n3.

7.3 Similarity and Dependency of Rx RF requirements for different features on the same band combination
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### 7.3.1 REFSENS exception due to harmonic/harmonic mixing interference for inter-band combinations (two bands)

For reference sensitivity exception due to harmonic/harmonic mixing
specified for ENDC/NEDC band combinations, it's suggested to follow the
same principles as for NR CA BCS4 WI in WF R4-2210565 as a starting
point.

### 7.3.2 REFSENS exception due to cross band isolation interference for inter-band combinations (two bands)

For reference sensitivity exception due to cross band isolation
specified for ENDC band combinations, it's suggested to follow the same
principles as for NR CA BCS4 WI in WF R4-2210565 as a starting point.

The following guidelines clarify WF R4-2210565 with regards to
specifying MSD test points due to cross-band isolation when the UL band
is an FDD band configured for intra-band uplink CA operation.

Guidelines for cross-band isolation MSD due to FDD band dual uplink
intra-band contiguous CA interference:

1 FDD band intra-band contiguous uplink CA configuration:

a\) PCC/SCC: the UL CBW, SCS, and UL RB allocation \"Lcrb\" should be
configured to the specified PCC/SCC CBW/SCS/Lcrb of the band\'s MSD test
point.

For example, for uplink CA\_n5B, the PCC/SCC CBW, SCS and Lcrb should be
configured according to the TS38.101-1 Table 7.3A.2.1-1, i.e. CBW:
10MHz+10MHz, SCS:15/15 (kHz), Lcrb:10RB/10RB.

In case the FDD band UL-CA MSD test point is not specified:

i\) The PCC/SCC UL CBW shall be set equal.

If configuring equal CBW is not possible, then set the PCC CBW 5MHz
smaller \[R4-2320995\].

ii\) The aggregated UL RB allocation (aka \"RBtot\") is set equal to the
Lcrb specified for the single carrier REFSENS test point that
corresponds to the UL-CA aggregated BW.

Example, for UL-CA 10MHz+10MHz, adopt the Lcrb specified for 20MHz CBW
REFSENS \[R4-2320995\].

iii\) The PCC/SCC UL RB allocation \"Lcrb\" should be configured to
ensure equal PSD between across the PCC and the SCC.

b\) The PCC/SCC UL RBstart shall be configured to create a direct hit
collision of the affected DL SCC with the lowest 2UL IMD product. If
conditions to create a direct hit collision cannot be met, then
configure the PCC/SCC RBstart that results in a partial collision of the
lowest 2UL IMD product.

c\) The highest IMD order to be considered is \[13\].

d\) Configure the UL carrier frequency closest to the affected DL SCC
carrier frequency.

e\) Whenever possible, the UL band configuration should be configured to
avoid self-desense.

In case self-desense cannot be avoided:

i\) The MSD test point shall not lead to a higher desense than the
band\'s MSD test point (when specified),

ii\) To prevent radio link failure during conformance test, RAN5 should
be informed that self-desense may occur on the UL FDD band.

2\) Affected DL band SCC configuration:

a\) DL SCC carrier frequency: configured closest to the FDD UL-CA
carrier.

b\) DL SCC CBW: configured to its smallest supported CBW.

The following guidelines clarify WF R4-2210565 with regards to
specifying MSD test points due to cross-band isolation for SUL and their
NR-CA counterparts.

Guidelines for MSD test points due to cross-band isolation for SUL:

\- **For SUL band combinations, and for the first test point which
evaluates the MSD for the lowest DL CBW, the SUL band should be
configured with the highest supported CBW, as specified in Table 5.5C-1.
This ensures that the SUL band lowest IMD order has a maximum reach
towards the DL affected band.**

\- **For the second test point, the choice of the SUL CBW remains open
to account for exceptions or regional concerns, or to address a
proponent's request.**

\- **The SUL SCS should be the lowest SCS that can be supported for the
selected SUL CBW. For example, if the SUL CBW is 50 MHz, then SCS15 kHz
should be specified.**

\- **For the UL configuration \"L~crb~\" for the SUL band: The UL L~crb~
of the NR band counterpart as defined in Table 7.3.2-3 (UL configuration
for UL Band REFSENS) for the corresponding SUL band CBW is specified. A
SUL-NR counterpart look-up is provided in Table 7.3.2-1.**

> **Table 7.3.2-1: SUL-NR counterpart lookup table**

  **SUL band**   **NR UL Band counterpart**   **F~UL\_low~ -- F~UL\_high~ (MHz)**
  -------------- ---------------------------- -------------------------------------
  n80            n3                           1710 -- 1785
  n81            n8                           880 -- 915
  n82            n20                          832 -- 862
  n83            n28                          703 -- 748
  n84            n1                           1920 -- 1980
  n86            n66                          1710 -- 1780
  n89            n5                           824 -- 849
  n95            n34                          2010 -- 2025
  n97            n40                          2300 -- 2400
  n98            n39                          1880 -- 1920
  n99            n24                          1626.5 -- 1660.5

\- **The SUL RB~start~ should ensure that the UL RBs are positioned
closest to the DL affected band.**

\- **The SUL carrier center frequency should be configured closest to
the affected DL band.**

### 7.3.3 REFSENS exception due to inter-modulation distortion for inter-band combinations (two bands)

MSD due to IMD for NR CA, NR DC, EN-DC and NE-DC band combinations with
two bands are shown in table 7.3.3-1 based on the TS 38.101-1 v18.0.0
and TS 38.101-3 v18.0.0. One band combination can be chosen to verify
the requirements for some band combinations in same row in table
7.3.3-1, as a result of reducing test burden. It's suggested to randomly
choose one band combination that UE support for MSD testing. The final
decision should be taken by RAN5 based on the industry certification
testing needs.

Table 7.3.3-1 Band combination with different features in the same
frequency range for PC3 MSD due to IMD interference

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>NR or E-UTRA Band / Channel bandwidth / N<sub>RB</sub> / MSD</th>
<th>Band / Channel bandwidth / N<sub>RB</sub> / Duplex mode</th>
<th>Source of IMD</th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>EN-DC</p>
<p>Configuration</p></td>
<td>EUTRA or NR band</td>
<td>UL F<sub>c</sub><br />
(MHz)</td>
<td>UL/DL BW<br />
(MHz)</td>
<td>UL<br />
L<sub>CRB</sub></td>
<td>DL F<sub>c</sub> (MHz)</td>
<td>MSD<br />
(dB)</td>
<td>IMD order</td>
<td>NR CA band combination</td>
<td>NR band</td>
<td>UL F<sub>c</sub><br />
(MHz)</td>
<td>UL/DL BW<br />
(MHz)</td>
<td>UL<br />
C<sub>LRB</sub></td>
<td>DL F<sub>c</sub> (MHz)</td>
<td>MSD<br />
(dB)</td>
<td>Duplex mode</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_1_n3</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>23</td>
<td>IMD3</td>
<td>CA_n1-n3</td>
<td>n1</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>23</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1760</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1855</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1760</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1855</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_1A_n8A</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1965</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>6.0</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td>CA_n1-n8</td>
<td>n1</td>
<td>1965</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>6.0</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n8</td>
<td>887.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>932.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n8</td>
<td>887.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>932.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_1A_n77A,</p>
<p>DC_1A_SUL_n77A-n84A,</p>
<p>DC_1A_n77(2A),</p></td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>29.8</td>
<td>IMD2<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>CA_n1-n77</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>29.8</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD2<sup>4</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>4090</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>4090</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>4090</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>4090</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_1A_n77A,</p>
<p>DC_1A_SUL_n77A-n84A,</p>
<p>DC_1A_n77(2A),</p>
<p>DC_1A_n77(3A),</p>
<p>DC_1A_n78A,</p>
<p>DC_1A_SUL_n78A-n84A,</p>
<p>DC_1A_n78(2A)</p>
<p>DC_1A_n78(A-C)</p></td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>8.0</td>
<td>IMD4<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>CA_n1-n77</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>8.0</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4<sup>4</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n77, n78</td>
<td>3710</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3710</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3710</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3710</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_2A_n48A</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1852.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1932.5</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td>CA_n2-n48</td>
<td>n2</td>
<td>1852.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1932.5</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n48</td>
<td>3625</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>3625</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n48</td>
<td>3625</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>3625</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_2A_n66A, DC_2A-2A_n66A</p>
<p>DC_2A_n66(2A)</p></td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1855</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1935</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>IMD3</td>
<td>CA_n2-n66</td>
<td>n2</td>
<td>1855</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1935</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>1775</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2175</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>1775</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2175</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_2A_n66A, DC_2A-2A_n66A</p>
<p>DC_2A_n66(2A)</p></td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1883.3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1963.3</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>CA_n2-n66</td>
<td>n2</td>
<td>1883.3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1963.3</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>1750</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2150</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
<td></td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>1750</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2150</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_2A_n77A</p>
<p>DC_2A_n77(2A)</p>
<p>DC_2A-2A_n77A</p>
<p>DC_2A_n77(2A)</p>
<p>DC_2A-2A_n77(2A)</p></td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1855</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1935</td>
<td>26</td>
<td>IMD2</td>
<td>CA_n2-n77</td>
<td>n2</td>
<td>1855</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1935</td>
<td>26</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3790</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3790</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3790</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3790</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1980</td>
<td>8.0</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td>CA_n2-n77</td>
<td>n2</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1980</td>
<td>8.0</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3720</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3720</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3720</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3720</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1885</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1965</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
<td>CA_n2-n77</td>
<td>n2</td>
<td>1885</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1965</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3810</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3810</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3810</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3810</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_2A_n78A</p>
<p>DC_2A_n78(2A)</p>
<p>DC_2A-2A_n78(2A)</p></td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1855</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1935</td>
<td>26</td>
<td>IMD2<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>CA_n2-n78</td>
<td>n2</td>
<td>1855</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1935</td>
<td>26</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD2<sup>4</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td>3790</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3790</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td>3790</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3790</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_3_n1</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1760</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1855</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>CA_n1-n3</td>
<td>n1</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>23</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n1</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>23</td>
<td>IMD3</td>
<td></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1760</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1855</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_3_n5</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1771</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>1866</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td>CA_n3-n5</td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1771</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>1866</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>838</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>883</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>838</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>883</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1721</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>1816</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>CA_n3-n5</td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1721</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>1816</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>838</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>883</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>IMD2<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>838</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>883</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD2<sup>3</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_3A_n7A</p>
<p>DC_3C_n7A</p></td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1730</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1825</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>CA_n3-n7</td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1730</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1825</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n7</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>10.2</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td></td>
<td>n7</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>10.2</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_3_n8</td>
<td>n8</td>
<td>900</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>945</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>IMD4<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>CA_n3-n8</td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1755</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>1850</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1755</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>1850</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n8</td>
<td>900</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>945</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4<sup>4</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>n8</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>CA_n3-n8</td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>6.4</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>6.4</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
<td></td>
<td>n8</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_3A_n26A</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1771</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>1866</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td>CA_n3-n26</td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1771</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1866</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n26</td>
<td>838</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>883</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n26</td>
<td>838</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>883</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1721</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>1816</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>CA_n3-n26</td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1721</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1816</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n26</td>
<td>838</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>883</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>IMD23</td>
<td></td>
<td>n26</td>
<td>838</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>883</td>
<td>26</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD2<sup>11</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_3A_n38A</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1712.8</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1807.8</td>
<td>8.2</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td>CA_n3-n38</td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1713</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1808</td>
<td>8.2</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n38</td>
<td>2616.7</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>2616.7</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n38</td>
<td>2617</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2617</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_3A_n41A</p>
<p>DC_3C_n41A</p>
<p>DC_3A_SUL_n41A-n80A, DC_3C_SUL_n41A-n80A</p></td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1740</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1835</td>
<td>8.2</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td>CA_n3-n41</td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1740</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1835</td>
<td>8.2</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n41</td>
<td>2657.5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>2657.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n41</td>
<td>2657.5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>2657.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_3A_n77A,</p>
<p>DC_3A_n77(2A),</p>
<p>DC_3A_n77(3A),</p>
<p>DC_3A_SUL_n77A-n80A,</p>
<p>DC_3A_n78A,</p>
<p>DC_3A_SUL_n78A-n80A,</p>
<p>DC_3A_n78(2A),</p>
<p>DC_3A_n78(A-C)</p>
<p>DC_3C_n78A</p>
<p>DC_3C_n78(2A)</p></td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1740</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1835</td>
<td>26</td>
<td>IMD2<sup>3</sup></td>
<td><p>CA_n3-n77</p>
<p>CA_n3-n78</p></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1740</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1835</td>
<td>26</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD2<sup>4</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n77, n78</td>
<td>3575</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3575</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n77, n78</td>
<td>3575</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3575</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_3A_n77A,</p>
<p>DC_3A_n77(2A),</p>
<p>DC_3C_n77A,</p>
<p>DC_3C_n77(2A),</p>
<p>DC_3A_SUL_n77A-n80A,</p>
<p>DC_3A_n78A, DC_3A_SUL_n78A-n80A,</p>
<p>DC_3A_n78(2A),</p>
<p>DC_3C_n78A</p>
<p>DC_3C_n78(2A)</p></td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1765</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1860</td>
<td>8.0</td>
<td>IMD4<sup>3</sup></td>
<td><p>CA_n3-n77</p>
<p>CA_n3-n78</p></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1740</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1835</td>
<td>26</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD2<sup>4</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n77, n78</td>
<td>3435</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3435</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n77, n78</td>
<td>3575</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3575</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_5A_n3A</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>838</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>883</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>CA_n3-n5</td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1771</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>1866</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1771</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>1866</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td></td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>838</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>883</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>838</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>883</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>IMD2<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>CA_n3-n5</td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1721</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>1816</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1721</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>1816</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>838</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>883</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD2<sup>3</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_5_n7</td>
<td>n7</td>
<td>2547</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>2667</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>CA_n5-n7</td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>834</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>879</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD3<sup>4</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>834</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>879</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>IMD3<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>n7</td>
<td>2547</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>2667</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_5A_n66A</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>838</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>883</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>IMD2<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>CA_n5-n66</td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>838</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>883</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD2<sup>4</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>1721</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2121</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>1721</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2121</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_5A_n77A<sup>8</sup></p>
<p>DC_5A_n77(2A)<sup>8</sup></p>
<p>DC_5A_n77(3A)<sup>8</sup></p></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>844</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>889</td>
<td>8.3</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td>CA_n5-n77<sup>13</sup></td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>844</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>889</td>
<td>8.3</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3421</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3421</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3421</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3421</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>826.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>871.5</td>
<td>5.5</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
<td>CA_n5-n77<sup>13</sup></td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>829</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>874</td>
<td>5.5</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>4177.5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>4177.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>4190</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>4190</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_5A_n78A</p>
<p>DC_5A_n78(2A)</p>
<p>DC_5A_n78(A-C)</p>
<p>DC_5A_n78C</p></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>844</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>889</td>
<td>8.3</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td>CA_n5-n78</td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>844</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>889</td>
<td>8.3</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td>3421</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3421</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td>3421</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3421</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_7_n3</td>
<td>7</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>13</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td>CA_n3-n7</td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1730</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1825</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1730</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1825</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n7</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>10.2</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_7_n5</td>
<td>7</td>
<td>2547</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>2667</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>CA_n5-n7</td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>834</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>879</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD3<sup>4</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>834</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>879</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>IMD3<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>n7</td>
<td>2547</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>2667</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_7A_n26A</p>
<p>DC_7C_n26A</p></td>
<td>7</td>
<td>2547</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>2667</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>CA_n7-n26</td>
<td>n7</td>
<td>2556</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2676</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n26</td>
<td>834</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>879</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>IMD33</td>
<td></td>
<td>n26</td>
<td>837</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>882</td>
<td>16.0</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD3<sup>11</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>7</td>
<td>2567.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2687.5</td>
<td>2.5</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
<td>CA_n7-n26</td>
<td>n7</td>
<td>2567.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2687.5</td>
<td>2.5</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n26</td>
<td>816.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>861.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n26</td>
<td>816.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>861.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_7_n40</td>
<td>7</td>
<td>2510</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2630</td>
<td>23</td>
<td>IMD3</td>
<td>CA_n7-n40</td>
<td>n7</td>
<td>2510</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2630</td>
<td>23</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n40</td>
<td>2390</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2390</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n40</td>
<td>2390</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2390</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_7A_n66A</p>
<p>DC_7A-7A_n66A</p>
<p>DC_7C_n66A</p></td>
<td>7</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td>CA_n7-n66</td>
<td>n7</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>1730</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2130</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>1730</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2130</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_7A_n77A</p>
<p>DC_7A-7A_n77(2A)</p>
<p>DC_7A-7A_n77(3A)</p>
<p>DC_7A_n77(2A)</p>
<p>DC_7A_n77(3A)</p>
<p>DC_7C_n77A</p>
<p>DC_7C_n77(2A)</p></td>
<td>7</td>
<td>2540</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2660</td>
<td>7.1</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td>CA_n7-n77</td>
<td>n7</td>
<td>2540</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2660</td>
<td>7.1</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3870</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3870</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3870</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3870</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_8A_n1A</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>887.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>932.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>CA_n1-n8</td>
<td>n1</td>
<td>1965</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>6.0</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n1</td>
<td>1965</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td></td>
<td>n8</td>
<td>887.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>932.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_8A_n3A</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>900</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>945</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>IMD4<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>CA_n3-n8</td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1755</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>1850</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1755</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>1850</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n8</td>
<td>900</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>945</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4<sup>4</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>8</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>CA_n3-n8</td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>6.4</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>6.4</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
<td></td>
<td>n8</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_8A_n41A</p>
<p>DC_8A_SUL_n41A-n81A</p></td>
<td>8</td>
<td>882.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>927.5</td>
<td>12.1</td>
<td>IMD3<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>CA_n8-n41</td>
<td>n8</td>
<td>882.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>927.5</td>
<td>12.1</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD3<sup>4</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n41</td>
<td>2685</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>2685</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n41</td>
<td>2685</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>2685</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_8A_n77A,</p>
<p>DC_8A_n78A,</p>
<p>DC_8B_n78A</p>
<p>DC_8A_n78(2A),</p>
<p>DC_8A_n77(3A),</p>
<p>DC_8A_SUL_n78A-n81A</p></td>
<td>8</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>8.3</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td>CA_n8-n78</td>
<td>n8</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>8.3</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n77, n78</td>
<td>3635</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3635</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td>3635</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3635</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_8A_n79A,</p>
<p>DC_8A_n79C,</p>
<p>DC_8A_SUL_n79A-n81A</p></td>
<td>8</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>4.8</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
<td>CA_n8-n79</td>
<td>n8</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>4.8</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n79</td>
<td>4532.5</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>4532.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n79</td>
<td>4532.5</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>4532.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_12A_n77A</p>
<p>DC_12A_n77(2A)</p></td>
<td>12</td>
<td>702</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>732</td>
<td>5.5</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
<td>CA_n12-n77</td>
<td>n12</td>
<td>702</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>732</td>
<td>5.5</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3540</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3540</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3540</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3540</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_13A_n77A</td>
<td>13</td>
<td>784.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>753.5</td>
<td>5.5</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
<td>CA_n13-n77</td>
<td>n13</td>
<td>782</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>751</td>
<td>5.5</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3891.5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3891.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3880</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3880</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_14A_n5A</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>791</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>761</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>CA_n5-n14</td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>836</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>881</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD3<sup>4</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>836</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>881</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>IMD3</td>
<td></td>
<td>n14</td>
<td>791</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>761</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>14</td>
<td>795.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>765.5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>IMD3</td>
<td>CA_n5-n14</td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>826.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>871.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>826.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>871.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n14</td>
<td>795.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>765.5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_14A_n77A</p>
<p>DC_14A_n77(2A)</p></td>
<td>14</td>
<td>795.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>765.5</td>
<td>5.5</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
<td>CA_n14-n77</td>
<td>n14</td>
<td>793</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>763</td>
<td>5.5</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3947.5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3947.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3935</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3935</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_18A_n3A</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>823</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>868</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>CA_n3-n18</td>
<td>n18</td>
<td>818</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>863</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1721</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1816</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1731</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1826</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_18A_n77A</p>
<p>DC_18A_n78A</p></td>
<td>18</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td><p>CA_n18-n77<sup>9</sup></p>
<p>CA_n18-n78<sup>9</sup></p></td>
<td>n18</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n77, n78</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n77, n78</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_20A_n3A</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>840</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>799</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>CA_n3-n20</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1775</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1870</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1775</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1870</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td>840</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>799</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td>847</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>806</td>
<td>9</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td></td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1735</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1830</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1735</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1830</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td>847</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>806</td>
<td>9</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_20A_n77A,</p>
<p>DC_20A_n78A</p>
<p>DC_20A_n78C<sup>7</sup>,</p>
<p>DC_20A_n78(2A),</p>
<p>DC_20A_SUL_n78A-n82A</p></td>
<td>20</td>
<td>850</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>809</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td>CA_n20-n78</td>
<td>n20</td>
<td>850</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>809</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n77, n78</td>
<td>3359</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3359</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td>3359</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3359</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_25A_n77A</p>
<p>DC_25A-25A_n77A</p></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1855</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1935</td>
<td>26</td>
<td>IMD2</td>
<td>CA_n25-n77</td>
<td>n25</td>
<td>1855</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1935</td>
<td>26</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3790</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3790</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3790</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3790</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1980</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td></td>
<td>n25</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1980</td>
<td>8.0</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3720</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3720</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3690</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3690</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1885</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1965</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
<td></td>
<td>n25</td>
<td>1885</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1965</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3810</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3810</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3790</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3790</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_25A_n78A</p>
<p>DC_25A-25A_n78A</p></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1855</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1935</td>
<td>26</td>
<td>IMD2</td>
<td>CA_n25-n78</td>
<td>n25</td>
<td>1855</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1935</td>
<td>26</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD2<sup>4</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td>3790</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3790</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td>3790</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3790</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_28_n50</td>
<td>28</td>
<td>730</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>775</td>
<td>15.3</td>
<td>IMD 2</td>
<td>CA_n28-n50</td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>730</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>775</td>
<td>15.3</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n50</td>
<td>1500</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>1500</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n50</td>
<td>1500</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>1500</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>28</td>
<td>740</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>785</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>IMD 4</td>
<td>CA_n28-n50</td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>740</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>785</td>
<td>6.0</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4<sup>4</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n50</td>
<td>1500</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>1500</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n50</td>
<td>1500</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>1500</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_26A_n77A,</p>
<p>DC_26A_n78A</p></td>
<td>26</td>
<td>836.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>881.5</td>
<td>11.1</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td>CA_n26-n78</td>
<td>n26</td>
<td>836.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>881.5</td>
<td>11.1</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n77, n78</td>
<td>3391</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3391</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td>3391</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3391</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_28A_n77A,</p>
<p>DC_28A_n78A,</p>
<p>DC_28A_n78(2A),</p>
<p>DC_28A_SUL_n78A-n83A</p></td>
<td>28</td>
<td>705.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>760.5</td>
<td>5.5</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
<td>CA_n28-n77</td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>705.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>760.5</td>
<td>5.5</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n77, n78</td>
<td>3582.5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3582.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n77/n78</td>
<td>3582.5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3582.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_30A_n77A</p>
<p>DC_30A_n77(2A)</p></td>
<td>30</td>
<td>2310</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2355</td>
<td>8.0</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td>CA_n30-n77</td>
<td>n30</td>
<td>2310</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2355</td>
<td>8.0</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3487.5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3487.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3487.5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3487.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_38A_n3A</td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1713</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1808</td>
<td>8.2</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td>CA_n3-n38</td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1713</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1808</td>
<td>8.2</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>38</td>
<td>2617</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2617</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n38</td>
<td>2617</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2617</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_41A_n3A</p>
<p>DC_41C_n3A</p></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1740</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1835</td>
<td>8.2</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td>CA_n3-n41</td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1740</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1835</td>
<td>8.2</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>41</td>
<td>2657.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2657.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n41</td>
<td>2657.5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>2657.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_48A_n2A</p>
<p>DC_48C_n2A</p>
<p>DC_48D_n2A</p>
<p>DC_48E_n2A</p></td>
<td>48</td>
<td>3625</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>3625</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>CA_n2-n48</td>
<td>n2</td>
<td>1852.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1932.5</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n2</td>
<td>1852.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1932.5</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td></td>
<td>n48</td>
<td>3625</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>3625</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_48A_n25A</p>
<p>DC_48C_n25A</p>
<p>DC_48D_n25A</p></td>
<td>48</td>
<td>3625</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>3625</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>CA_n25-n48</td>
<td>n25</td>
<td>1852.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1932.5</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n25</td>
<td>1852.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1932.5</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td></td>
<td>n48</td>
<td>3625</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>3625</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_48A_n66A</p>
<p>DC_48C_n66A</p>
<p>DC_48D_n66A</p></td>
<td>48</td>
<td>3630</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>3630</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>CA_n48-n66</td>
<td>n48</td>
<td>3660</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>3660</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>1715</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2115</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
<td></td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>1730</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2130</td>
<td>5.0</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_66A_n2A, DC_66A-66A_n2A</td>
<td>66</td>
<td>1775</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2175</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>CA_n2-n66</td>
<td>n2</td>
<td>1855</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1935</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n2</td>
<td>1855</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1935</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>IMD3</td>
<td></td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>1775</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2175</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>66</td>
<td>1750</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2150</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
<td>CA_n2-n66</td>
<td>n2</td>
<td>1883.3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1963.3</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n2</td>
<td>1883.3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1963.3</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>1750</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2150</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_66A_n5A</td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>838</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>883</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>IMD2<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>CA_n5-n66</td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>838</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>883</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD2<sup>4</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>66</td>
<td>1721</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2121</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>1721</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2121</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p><strong>DC_66A_n7A</strong></p>
<p><strong>DC_66A-66A_n7A</strong></p>
<p>DC_66A_n7(2A)</p>
<p>DC_66A-66A_n7(2A)</p></td>
<td>66</td>
<td>1730</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2130</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>CA_n7-n66</td>
<td>n7</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n7</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td></td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>1730</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2130</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_66A_n25A</td>
<td>66</td>
<td>1775</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2175</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>CA_n25-n66</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>1775</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2175</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n25</td>
<td>1855</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1935</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>IMD3</td>
<td></td>
<td>n25</td>
<td>1855</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1935</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>66</td>
<td>1712.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2112.5</td>
<td>23</td>
<td>IMD3</td>
<td>CA_n25-n66</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>1712.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2112.5</td>
<td>23</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n25</td>
<td>1912.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1992.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n25</td>
<td>1912.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1992.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>66</td>
<td>1750</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2150</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
<td>CA_n25-n66</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>1750</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2150</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n25</td>
<td>1883.3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1963.3</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n25</td>
<td>1883.3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>1963.3</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_66A_n48A</td>
<td>66</td>
<td>1715</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2115</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
<td>CA_n48-n66</td>
<td>n48</td>
<td>3660</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>3660</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n48</td>
<td>3630</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>3630</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>1730</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2130</td>
<td>5.0</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_66A_n71A</td>
<td>66</td>
<td>1750</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2150</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td>CA_n66-n71</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>1750</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2150</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n71</td>
<td>675</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>629</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n71</td>
<td>675</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>629</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC_66A_n77A</p>
<p>DC_66A_n77(2A)</p>
<p>DC_66A-66A_n77A</p>
<p>DC_66A-66A_n77(2A)</p>
<p>DC_66A-66A-66A_n77A</p>
<p>DC_66A-66A-66A_n77(2A)</p></td>
<td>66</td>
<td>1775</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2175</td>
<td>31.0</td>
<td>IMD2</td>
<td>CA_n66-n77</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>1775</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2175</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3950</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3950</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3950</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3950</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>66</td>
<td>1760</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2160</td>
<td>5.0</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
<td>CA_n66-n77</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>1760</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2160</td>
<td>5.0</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3720</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3720</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3720</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3720</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_66A_n78A</td>
<td>66</td>
<td>1730</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2150</td>
<td>5.0</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
<td>CA_n66-n78</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>1730</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2130</td>
<td>5.0</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td>3660</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3660</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td>3660</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3660</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_71A_n41A</td>
<td>71</td>
<td>666</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>620</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td>CA_n41-n71</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td>2614</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2614</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n41</td>
<td>2618</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2618</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n71</td>
<td>665</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>619</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_71A_n66A</td>
<td>71</td>
<td>675</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>629</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>CA_n66-n71</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>1750</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2150</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>1750</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>2150</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>IMD4</td>
<td></td>
<td>n71</td>
<td>675</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>629</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_71A_n77A<sup>8</sup></td>
<td>71</td>
<td>671</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>625</td>
<td>5.5</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
<td>CA_n71-n77<sup>13</sup></td>
<td>n71</td>
<td>671</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>625</td>
<td>5.5</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3309</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3309</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>3309</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3309</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DC_71A_n78A</td>
<td>71</td>
<td>681.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>635.5</td>
<td>5.5</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
<td>CA_n71-n78</td>
<td>n71</td>
<td>681.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>635.5</td>
<td>5.5</td>
<td>FDD</td>
<td>IMD5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>DC_71A_n78(2A)</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td>3361.5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3361.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td>3361.5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>3361.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>TDD</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>NOTE 1: E-UTRA carrier shall be set to min(+20 dBm, P<sub>CMAX_L_E-UTRA,c</sub>) and NR carrier shall be set to min(+20 dBm, P<sub>CMAX_L,f,c,NR</sub>) as defined in clause 6.2B.4.1.3.</p>
<p>NOTE 2: RB<sub>start</sub> = 0</p>
<p>NOTE 3: This band is subject to IMD5 also which MSD is not specified.</p>
<p>NOTE 4: Void</p>
<p>NOTE 5: Void</p>
<p>NOTE 6: For NR band, UL/DL BW and UL L<sub>CRB</sub> can be adjusted according to the supported BW and lowest SCS supported by the UE.</p>
<p>NOTE 7: The frequency range in band n28 is restricted for this band combination to 728 - 738 MHz for the UL and 783 - 793 MHz for the DL. This band is subject to IMD2, IMD4 and IMD5 fall in n28 also which MSD is not specified. In addition, this band is subject to IMD4 fall in B21 also which MSD is not specified.</p>
<p>NOTE 8: For a UE which supports this band combination only when the Band n77 frequency range restriction defined in NOTE 12 of Table 5.2-1 from TS 38.101-1 applies, the MSD test point(s) cannot be verified for the band combination and the test point(s) can be skipped.</p></td>
<td><p>NOTE 1: Both of the transmitters shall be set min(+20 dBm, P<sub>CMAX_L,f,c</sub>) as defined in clause 6.2A.4</p>
<p>NOTE 2: RB<sub>START</sub> = 0, 15 kHz SCS is assumed.</p>
<p>NOTE 3: No requirements apply when there is at least one individual RE within the intermodulation generated by the dual uplink is within the downlink transmission bandwidth of the FDD band. The reference sensitivity should only be verified when this is not the case (the requirements specified in clause 7.3 apply).</p>
<p>NOTE 4: This band is subject to IMD5 also which MSD is not specified.</p>
<p>NOTE 5: Void.</p>
<p>NOTE 6: Considering the spectrum holdings of the operator for CA_n77(2A) (when one uplink sub block is assigned within 3300-3400MHz, the other uplink sub block is not assigned within 4000-4200MHz or vice versa), no IMD5 result will fall in Rx frequency range of band n3. Therefore, no MSD requirement apply for this CA configuration when two uplink sub blocks are assigned within CA_77(2A).</p>
<p>NOTE 7: In current release the maximum separation bandwidth class is 600MHz, therefore, no IMD2 MSD requirement apply for this CA configuration when two uplink sub blocks are assigned within CA_77(2A).</p>
<p>NOTE8: There is no IMD4/5 products in band n18 downlink for n77 operating in 3520 – 3560 MHz, 3700 – 3800MHz and 4000 - 4100MHz frequency range.</p>
<p>NOTE 9: There is no IMD4 product in band n18 downlink for n78 operating in 3520 – 3560MHz and 3700-3800MHz frequency range.</p>
<p>NOTE 10: There is no IMD4 product in band n24 downlink for n77 operating in 3450 – 3980 MHz and n24 uplink restricted to between 1627.5 – 1637.5 MHz and between 1646.5 – 1656.5 MHz.</p>
<p>NOTE 11: This band is subject to IMD5 also which MSD is not specified..</p>
<p>NOTE 12: This band supports intra-band non-contiguous uplink configuration.</p>
<p>NOTE 13: For a UE which supports this band combination only when the Band n77 frequency range restriction defined in NOTE 12 of Table 5.2-1 applies, the MSD test point(s) cannot be verified for the band combination and the test point(s) can be skipped.</p>
<p>NOTE 14: Applicable when n41 spectrum is restricted to 2515-2675MHz</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### 

### 7.3.4 REFSENS requirements without any degradation for inter-band combinations (two bands)

For band combinations DL\_nA-nB\_UL\_nA-nB / DL\_B\_nA\_UL\_B\_nA /
DL\_A\_nB\_UL\_A\_nB / DL\_nB\_A\_UL\_nB\_A / DL\_nA\_B\_UL\_nA\_B which
doesn't have any MSD requirements, it's suggested to test one of them in
order to reduce the test burden for REFSENS requirements and final
decision is up to RAN5. The reason is that the same Rx RF implementation
is used to achieve these band combinations.

For some special cases which have different delta Rib requirements, the
requirements specified in clause 7.3A.3.2 from TS 38.101-1 can be
reused.

7.4 Test burden reduction for multiple MSD
------------------------------------------

In current RAN4 spec, there are tables for the reference sensitivity
exceptions due to intermodulation interference with 2UL CA. The test
points in the reference sensitivity requirements specified for the
single band are relaxed by the amount of the corresponding MSD values,
shown as an example in Table 7.4-1. For some CA configurations such as
CA\_n2-n77, CA\_n3-n77 and CA\_n3-n78, multiple test points with
different order IMD are defined, while for some other CA configurations
such as CA\_n2-n78, only 2^nd^ order IMD2 having the worst case MSD are
defined, although the corresponding band is subject to the 5^th^ order
IMD5. At the end of the table, a "Note 4" is set to indicate that MSD is
not specified for the interfered band although IMD5 may fall into the Rx
frequencies of the interfered band. To reduce the test burden, the
following guidelines for handling multiple MSD should be taken into
consideration.

Table 7.4-1: Example for inter-band reference sensitivity with multiple
MSD

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------- ---------- ----------- -------- --------------- ------ ------------- ---------
  Band / Channel bandwidth / N~RB~ / Duplex mode                          Source of IMD                                                                        

  NR CA band combination                                                  NR band         UL F~c~\   UL/DL BW\   UL\      DL F~c~ (MHz)   MSD\   Duplex mode   
                                                                                          (MHz)      (MHz)       C~LRB~                   (dB)                 

  CA\_n1-n3                                                               n1              1950       5           25       2140            23     FDD           IMD3

                                                                          n3              1760       5           25       1855            N/A    TDD           N/A

  CA\_n1-n8                                                               n1              1965       5           25       2155            6.0    FDD           IMD4

                                                                          n8              887.5      5           25       932.5           N/A    FDD           N/A

  CA\_n1-n78                                                              n1              1950       5           25       2140            8.0    FDD           IMD4

                                                                          n78             3710       10          50       3710            N/A    TDD           N/A

  CA\_n2-n48                                                              n2              1852.5     5           25       1932.5          12     FDD           IMD4

                                                                          n48             3625       20          100      3625            N/A    TDD           N/A

  CA\_n2-n77                                                              n2              1855       5           25       1935            26     FDD           IMD2

                                                                          n77             3790       10          50       3790            N/A    TDD           N/A

                                                                          n2              1900       5           25       1980            8.0    FDD           IMD4

                                                                          n77             3720       10          50       3720            N/A    TDD           N/A

                                                                          n2              1885       5           25       1965            5      FDD           IMD5

                                                                          n77             3810       10          50       3810            N/A    TDD           N/A

  CA\_n2-n78                                                              n2              1855       5           25       1935            26     FDD           IMD2^4^

                                                                          n78             3790       10          50       3790            N/A    TDD           N/A

  CA\_n3-n7                                                               n3              1730       5           25       1825            N/A    FDD           N/A

                                                                          n7              2535       10          50       2655            10.2   FDD           IMD4

  CA\_n3-n8                                                               n3              1755       10          50       1850            N/A    FDD           N/A

                                                                          n8              900        5           25       945             8      FDD           IMD4^4^

                                                                          n3              1747.5     10          50       1842.5          6.4    FDD           IMD5

                                                                          n8              897.5      5           25       942.5           N/A    FDD           N/A

  CA\_n3-n38                                                              n3              1713       5           25       1808            8.2    FDD           IMD4

                                                                          n38             2617       5           25       2617            N/A    TDD           N/A

  CA\_n3-n41                                                              n3              1740       5           25       1835            8.2    FDD           IMD4

                                                                          n41             2657.5     10          50       2657.5          N/A    TDD           N/A

  CA\_n3-n77                                                              n3              1740       5           25       1835            26     FDD           IMD2^4^

                                                                          n77             3575       10          50       3575            N/A    TDD           N/A

                                                                          n3              1765       5           25       1860            8.0    FDD           IMD4^4^

                                                                          n77             3435       10          50       3435            N/A    TDD           N/A

  CA\_n3-n78                                                              n3              1740       5           25       1835            26     FDD           IMD2^4^

                                                                          n78             3575       10          25       3575            N/A    TDD           N/A

                                                                          n3              1765       5           25       1860            8.0    FDD           IMD4^4^

                                                                          n78             3435       10          25       3435            N/A    TDD           N/A

  ...                                                                     ...             ...        ...         ...      ...             ...    ...           ...

  NOTE 4: This band is subject to IMD5 also which MSD is not specified.                                                                                        
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------- ---------- ----------- -------- --------------- ------ ------------- ---------

For a given 2 band DL CA combination, MSD test points corresponding to
type 1,2,3 UL configuration are captured in the same table entry.

**- Type 1**: UL configuration = 2 UL CCs configured with intra-band UL
CA configured in one of the two band. Intra-band UL CA may be contiguous
(like UL CA\_n41C) or non-contiguous (like UL CA\_n78(2A)).

**- Type 2**: UL configuration = 2 UL CCs configured inter-band UL CA
with 1UL CC in each of UL band. Example: UL CA\_n3A\_n78A.

*-* **Type 3**: UL configuration = 3 UL CCs with 1 CC in one UL band,
and 2 UL CCs configured intra-band CA in the other band. Example: UL
CA\_n3A-n41C.

Guideline 1: It is proposed that for the test points with reference
sensitivity exceptions due to intermodulation interference with 2UL CA,
the limitation to higher order IMD source could be a solution to reduce
test burden.

\- The existing IMD MSD requirements in Rel-17 specifications are kept
unchanged.

*-* For Rel-18 new introduced band combinations,

-- For type 1 UL configurations (e.g. UL\_CA\_n41C or CA\_n78(2A))

\- The lowest order IMD is recommended as worst case to represent single
band UL transmission with UL configured intra-band CA.

\- If the DL band may be affected by a mix of even and odd order IMD
products, the MSD value of the lowest even and the lowest odd order IMD,
if any, shall be defined in the specifications.

\- A footnote shall be attached to the DL band to indicate that MSD may
occur for higher order IMD products, and these orders shall be specified
in the footnote.

\- As an exception to this rule, a second MSD test point may be
specified to capture the MSD that may occur due to the next highest odd
order or due to the next highest even order IMD product. This exception
ensures regional frequency restrictions are accounted for. For example,
in CA\_n66\_n77 the type 1 IMD7 MSD test point (next highest odd order)
may be retained in addition to the type 1 IMD5 MSD test point (lowest
odd order).

\- A footnote shall be attached to the UL band that is configured
intra-band UL CA to distinguish the case of intra-band contiguous vs
intra-band non-contiguous CA.

\- For type 2 UL configurations (e.g. UL\_CA\_n1A-n3A)

If only one IMD order occurs per victim band, the MSD value if any shall
be defined in the specifications.

If the DL band may be affected by a mix of even and odd order IMD
products, then the MSD value of the lowest even and the lowest odd order
IMD, if any, shall be defined in the specifications.

A footnote shall be attached to the DL band to indicate that MSD may
occur for higher order IMD products, and these orders shall be specified
in the footnote.

If the DL band may be affected only by multiple even order IMD products,
or only by multiple odd order IMD products, then the MSD value of the
lowest even order IMD or the MSD value of the lowest odd order IMD, if
any, shall be defined in the specifications.

The lowest order IMD is recommended as worst case to represent the whole
spectrum of the inter-band CA combinations.

Optionally, a second MSD test point may be specified on a case-by-case
basis to account for additional IMD orders. It is recommended this 2^nd^
MSD test point corresponds to the lowest even and the lowest odd order
IMD. For example, if DL band is affected by IMD2/3/5, we may consider a
maximum of test points: one for IMD2 and one for IMD3.

Any additional IMD order that is not specified shall be indicated by a
note in the table.

\- For type 3 UL configurations (e.g. CA\_n3A-n41C or DC\_3C\_n1A-n75A)

For the case when the victim band may be affected by a 1^st^ order
triple-beat product Proponents should systematically check if the
downlink band may be affected by dual uplink IMD3 interference. If the
test point is missing, a dual UL IMD3 MSD test point should be
specified.

If TB frequency is composed of the frequency sum of the 2 discrete RBs
in the contiguous UL CA, there is no need to specify the TB test
configuration as the requirement can already be verified by the fallback
2UL IMD3. With reference to WF R4-2220556 \[9\], only the TB1 product
\|f1+f2-f3\| and TB2 product \|f1-f2+f3\| should be considered -- refer
to TB landscape example of Figure 7.4-1.

![A graph with numbers and lines Description automatically
generated](./media/image11.png){width="6.69375in"
height="1.7468602362204724in"}

Figure 7.4-1: Landscape of 1st order triple beat products for the
example of DC\_3C\_n1A-n75A

*-* If TB consists of intra-band contiguous UL CA in a FDD band, the
selection of test configuration should strive to avoid FDD band
self-interference to its own DL carriers with at least up to IMD7.

*-* The following WF \[9\] guidelines remain applicable:

\- 2.1 WF on Pre-Condition for TB MSD Analysis with 3UL CCs

*-* 2.2 WF on Pre-Condition for TB MSD Analysis with 4UL CCs

*-* 2.3 WF on Triple-Beat Detection for two-band combinations

*-* 2.5 WF on MSD analysis

\- 2.6 WF on Capturing MSD Test Points

8 Conclusion
============

Compared with previous generations, 5G NR has much more complex band
combination configurations being specified. The study item handles the
simplification of band combination and rule collection for RAN4
specifications in the stage of Rel-18. The key functionalities of this
SI mainly include the following aspects.

\- To keep a TR running with all the valid rules and valuable guidelines
for band combinations being captured, the related contents in Rel-17 TR
38.862 are transited in this TR.

\- The working procedure for specifying band combinations including
templates for specifying band combinations, fallback aspects for
specifying band combinations and submitting technical contributions for
specifying band combinations have been proposed.

\- Guidelines of specifying band combinations on fallbacks, delta
TIB/RIB, configuration table structure, co-existence analysis and
simplification for MSD due to IMD interference, etc. have been studied.

\- To include 2UL inter-band CA/DC coexistence reduction, FR1 CA/DC, FR1
EN-DC/NE-DC and LTE CA cases are agreed to be applied to NR/LTE
specifications.

\- The dependency and applicability for RF requirements among different
features for the same spectrum combination to reduce the redundant tests
have been analysed.

\- The guidelines for test burden reduction for harmonic mixing,
cross-band isolation MSD and inter-modulation distortion for inter-band
combinations have been investigated.

########  Annex A (informative): Change history

+--------+--------+--------+----+-----+-----+--------+--------+
| Change |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
| h      |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
| istory |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
+--------+--------+--------+----+-----+-----+--------+--------+
| Date   | M      | TDoc   | CR | Rev | Cat | Sub    | New    |
|        | eeting |        |    |     |     | ject/C | v      |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | omment | ersion |
+--------+--------+--------+----+-----+-----+--------+--------+
| 2      | RAN4   | R4-2   |    |     |     | 1\.    | 0.0.1  |
| 022-08 | \      | 215080 |    |     |     | R4-22  |        |
|        | #104-e |        |    |     |     | 15080, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ske    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | leton, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ZTE    |        |
+--------+--------+--------+----+-----+-----+--------+--------+
| 2      | RAN4   | R4-2   |    |     |     | 1\.    | 0.1.0  |
| 022-10 | \#104  | 216616 |    |     |     | R4-22  |        |
|        | -bis-e |        |    |     |     | 16620, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP for |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.846 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | on     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | rules  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | of     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | delta  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TIB    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | and    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | RIB    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | due to |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | band   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | c      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ombina |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | tions, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ZTE    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 2\.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R4-22  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 17719, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP for |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR38   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | .846\_ |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Update |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | te     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | mplate |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | for    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R18    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | PC3    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | basket |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | WIDs,  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ZTE    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 3\.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R4-22  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 17720, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP on  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | test   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | burden |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | redu   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ction, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | H      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | uawei, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | HiS    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ilicon |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 4\.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R4-22  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 17721, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Fal    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | lbacks |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | in     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.101 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | specs, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Apple  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 5\.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R4-22  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 17722, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP for |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.846 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | on     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | w      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | orking |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | pro    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | cedure |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | of     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | spec   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ifying |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | band   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | c      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ombina |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | tions, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ZTE    |        |
+--------+--------+--------+----+-----+-----+--------+--------+
| 2      | RAN4   | R4-2   |    |     |     | 1\.    | 0.2.0  |
| 022-11 | \#105  | 219762 |    |     |     | R4-22  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 20510, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP for |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.846 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | to     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | c      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | apture |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | some   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | agre   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ements |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | for    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | EFSENS |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | test   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | burden |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | redu   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ction, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | H      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | uawei, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | HiS    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ilicon |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 2\.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R4-22  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 20511, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP for |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.846 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | on     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | test   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | burden |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | red    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | uction |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | for    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | mu     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ltiple |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | MSD in |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | band   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | c      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ombina |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | tions, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ZTE    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Corpo  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ration |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 3\.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R4-22  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 19626, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP for |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.846 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | to     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | c      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | apture |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | the    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | fa     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | llback |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | rules  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | with   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | excep  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | tional |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | cases, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | H      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | uawei, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | HiS    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ilicon |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 4\.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R4-22  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 19759, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP for |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.846 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | on     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | tem    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | plates |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | of     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | delta  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TIB    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | and    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | RIB    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | for    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | NE-DC  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | and    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | SUL    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | band   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | c      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ombina |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | tions, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ZTE    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Corpo  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ration |        |
+--------+--------+--------+----+-----+-----+--------+--------+
| 2      | RAN4   | R4-2   |    |     |     | 1\.    | 0.3.0  |
| 023-03 | \#106  | 302551 |    |     |     | R4-23  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 03512, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP for |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.846 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | on     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | te     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | mplate |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | for    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | mixed  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | intr   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | a-band |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | cont   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | iguous |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | and    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | no     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | n-cont |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | iguous |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | NR CA, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ZTE    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 2\.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R4-23  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 03543, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | U      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | pdates |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | of     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | te     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | mplate |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | for    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R18    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | PC3    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ENDC   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | NRCA   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | SUL    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | V2X    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | band   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | c      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ombina |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | tions, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ZTE    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 3\.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R4-23  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 03513, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP for |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.846 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | on     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | si     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | mplifi |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | cation |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | for CA |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | uplink |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | con    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | figura |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | tions, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ZTE    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 4\.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R4-23  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 03514, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP for |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.846 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | to     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | c      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | apture |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | some   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | agre   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ements |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | for    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | MSD    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | test   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | burden |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | redu   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ction, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | H      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | uawei, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | HiS    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ilicon |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 5\.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R4-22  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 03515, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP for |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.846 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | to add |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | gu     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | idance |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | on     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | do     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | cument |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | type   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | for    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ad     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | dition |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | of     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | band   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | c      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ombina |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | tions, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Nokia  |        |
+--------+--------+--------+----+-----+-----+--------+--------+
| 2      | RAN4   | R4-2   |    |     |     | 1\.    | 0.4.0  |
| 023-04 | \#10   | 304726 |    |     |     | R4-23  |        |
|        | 6bis-e |        |    |     |     | 06585, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP for |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.846 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | on     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | valid  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | CBW    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | for    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | higher |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | order  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | BC     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | con    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | figura |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | tions, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ZTE    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 2\.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R4-23  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 06586, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP for |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.846 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | on     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | te     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | mplate |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | for    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R18    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | HPUE   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | band   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | combin |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ation, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ZTE    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 3\.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R4-23  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 06587, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Te     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | mplate |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | for    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R18    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | HPUE   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | band   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | c      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ombina |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | tions, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ZTE    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 4\.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R4-23  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 06588, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP for |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.846 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | on     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | test   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | burden |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | red    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | uction |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | for    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | mu     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ltiple |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | MSD in |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | band   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | c      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ombina |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | tions, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Sk     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | yworks |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Solu   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | tions, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Inc.   |        |
+--------+--------+--------+----+-----+-----+--------+--------+
| 2      | RAN4   | R4-2   |    |     |     | 1\.    | 0.5.0  |
| 023-05 | \#107  | 307981 |    |     |     | R4-23  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 07985, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Te     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | mplate |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | v1.2   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | for    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R18    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | PC3    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ENDC   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | NRCA   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | SUL    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | V2X    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | band   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | c      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ombina |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | tions, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ZTE    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 2\.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R4-23  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 07986, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP for |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.846 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | on     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | update |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | te     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | mplate |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | info   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | for    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R18    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | PC3    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | and    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | HPUE   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | band   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | combin |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ation, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ZTE    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 3\.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R4-23  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 10274, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP to  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.846 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | to add |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | gu     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | idance |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | on     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Co-exi |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | stence |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | s      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | tudies |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | for    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Uplink |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Intr   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | a-Band |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | No     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | n-Cont |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | iguous |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | CA,    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Nokia, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Nokia  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Sh     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | anghai |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Bell,  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Sk     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | yworks |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Solu   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | tions, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Inc.   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 4\.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R4-23  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 07867, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 2UL UE |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | to UE  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | co-ex  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | si     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | mplifi |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | cation |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | for    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | EN-DC, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Nokia  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 5\.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R4-23  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 09715, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP for |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 3      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 8.846: |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | HPUE   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | for    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | F      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R1+FR2 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | band   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | c      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ombina |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | tions, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | T-     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Mobile |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | USA,   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Eri    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | csson, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Nokia, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | AT&T,  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Ve     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | rizon, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Sk     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | yworks |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Solu   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | tions, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Inc.   |        |
+--------+--------+--------+----+-----+-----+--------+--------+
| 2      | R      | RP-    |    |     |     | 1\.    | 1.0.0  |
| 023-06 | P\#100 | 231290 |    |     |     | RP-2   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 31290, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.846 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | v      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 1.0.0\ |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | _Study |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | on     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | si     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | mplifi |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | cation |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | of     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | band   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | combi  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | nation |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | s      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | pecifi |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | cation |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | for NR |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | and    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | LTE,   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ZTE    |        |
+--------+--------+--------+----+-----+-----+--------+--------+
| 2      | RAN    | R4-2   |    |     |     | 1\.    | 1.1.0  |
| 023-09 | 4\#108 | 312595 |    |     |     | R4-23  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 11928, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP for |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.846 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Update |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | the    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | rule   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | on the |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | fa     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | llback |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | infor  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | mation |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | aspect |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | for    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | spec   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ifying |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | band   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | c      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ombina |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | tions, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Sa     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | msung, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | CHTTL, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ZTE    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 2\.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R4-23  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 14684, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP for |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 846\_C |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | apture |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | the    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | valid  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | rules  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | and    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | guid   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | elines |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | of TR  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.862 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | into   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 3      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 8.846, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ZTE,   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | CHTTL  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 3\.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R4-23  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 14685, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP for |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.846 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | on     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | test   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | burden |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | red    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | uction |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | for    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | type 3 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TB     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | MSD,   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Sk     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | yworks |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Sol    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | utions |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Inc.   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 4\.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R4-23  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 14686, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP for |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.846 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | guid   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | elines |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | on     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | si     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | mplifi |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | cation |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | for    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 3DL2UL |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | MSD,   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Sk     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | yworks |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Sol    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | utions |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Inc.   |        |
+--------+--------+--------+----+-----+-----+--------+--------+
| 2      | RAN4\# | R4-2   |    |     |     | 1\.    | 1.3.0  |
| 023-10 | 108bis | 316679 |    |     |     | R4-23  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 16686, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP for |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | FS\    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | _SimBC |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | on TR  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.846 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | cl     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | eanup, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ZTE    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 2\.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R4-23  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 16687, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP for |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 3      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 8.846\ |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | _Restr |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ucture |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | the    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | clause |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | for    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | optimi |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | zation |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | on     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | band   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | c      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ombina |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | tions, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ZTE,   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | CHTTL  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 3\.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R4-23  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 16436, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP for |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.846 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | about  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | that   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | BCS4   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | and    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | BCS5   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | c      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | hannel |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | BW     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | does   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | not    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | need   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | to be  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | spe    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | cified |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | in BCS |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | sheet, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Er     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | icsson |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 4\.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R4-23  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 16689, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP for |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.846 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | \_Guid |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | elines |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | on     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | delta  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TIB    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | and    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | RIB    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | s      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | pecial |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | values |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | for    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | band   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | c      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ombina |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | tions, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ZTE,   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | CHTTL  |        |
+--------+--------+--------+----+-----+-----+--------+--------+
| 2      | RAN    | R4-2   |    |     |     | 1\.    | 1.4.0  |
| 023-11 | 4\#109 | 319604 |    |     |     | R4-23  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 20998, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP for |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.846 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Guid   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | elines |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | on     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Cros   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | s-band |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | MSD    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | test   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | points |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | for    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | SUL,   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Sk     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | yworks |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 2\.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R4-23  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 20999, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP for |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.846 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Guid   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | elines |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | on     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Cros   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | s-band |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | MSD    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | with   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | FDD    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | UL-CA, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Sk     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | yworks |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 3\.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R4-23  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 21794, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP for |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 3      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 8.846: |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | On     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ban    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | dwidth |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | c      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | lasses |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | for NR |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | band   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | c      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ombina |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | tions, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ZTE    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 4\.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R4-23  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 21795, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP to  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.846 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | of     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Guid   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | elines |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | on     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Co-exi |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | stence |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | an     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | alysis |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | for    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | triple |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | beat,  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Nokia, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Nokia  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Sh     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | anghai |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Bell   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 5\.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R4-23  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 21796, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP to  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.846 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Ad     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | dition |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | of     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Guid   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | elines |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | on     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Ha     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | rmonic |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | mixing |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | MSD    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | r      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | equire |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ments, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Nokia, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Nokia  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Sh     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | anghai |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Bell   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     |        |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 6\.    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | R4-23  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 21921, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TP for |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TR     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 3      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 8.846: |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | On     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | spec   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | str    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ucture |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | for    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | inte   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | r-band |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | CA     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | c      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | onfigu |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ration |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | t      |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ables, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ZTE    |        |
+--------+--------+--------+----+-----+-----+--------+--------+
| 2      | RA     | RP-    |    |     |     | 1\.    | 2.0.0  |
| 023-12 | N\#102 | 233235 |    |     |     | RP-2   |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 33235, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | Presen |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | tation |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | of TR  |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | 38.846 |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | to     |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | TSG    |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | \#102, |        |
|        |        |        |    |     |     | ZTE    |        |
+--------+--------+--------+----+-----+-----+--------+--------+

  **Change history**                                                                                                                           
  -------------------- ------------- ----------- -------- --------- --------- ---------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------
  **Date**             **Meeting**   **TDoc**    **CR**   **Rev**   **Cat**   **Subject/Comment**                                              **New version**
  2023-12              RAN\#102                                               Approved by plenary -- Rel-18 spec under change control          18.0.0
  2024-06              RAN\#104      RP-241406   0001     1         F         CR for TS 38.846: Corrections on UL triple beat analysis table   18.1.0
